[{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"L'espoir à travers le noir","Author":"MadMeary","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13102595","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Petit texte sur un film que j'adore depuis des années. L'univers de l'effet papillon est à Eric Bress et J. Mackye Gruber. L'espoir à travers le noir. Il lui avait sauvé la vie, sans peut-être même le savoir. Evan en l'embrassant ce soir-là, après qu'ils aient tous les deux quitté la salle de cinéma, lui avait redonné espoir dans les hommes et dans la vie. Il lui avait montré par sa douceur, par sa tendresse, qu'ils n'étaient pas tous des pervers pédophiles comme son père, ou des psychopathes cruels comme son grand frère Tommy. Evan était tout le contraire d'eux, et il lui donnait la force d'endurer tous ce que les hommes de sa famille lui faisaient subir. Sans lui, cela aurait fait bien longtemps qu'elle se serait suicidée. Bien sûre elle s'en serait voulue de laisser son frère seul avec leur père, mais même l'amour qu'elle portait à son aîné ne faisait pas le poids face à sa méchanceté et parfois elle aurait tellement préféré le haïr et cela lui aurait simplifié l'existence. Dans les yeux du garçon dont elle était amoureuse depuis l'enfance, elle s'était sentie belle, importante, aimée, respectée, et écoutée. Elle avait eu le sentiment d'avoir de la valeur, et si Tommy n'était arrivé elle aurait probablement pleuré de joie, submergée par une chaleur inconnue qui réchauffait tout son être. Elle n'était pas seule, il était là avec elle, et pour elle. Evan l'aimait malgré ce qu'elle avait subit, et ce qu'elle subissait encore de la part de sa famille, malgré son horrible passé, malgré ses cicatrices, malgré le fait qu'elle soit abîmée et sombre. Il se souciait d'elle et de son bonheur, personne ne s'était intéressée à elle auparavant, personne ne s'était fait du souci pour elle. Il était son héros, celui qui la sauverait de ses monstres et qui l'emmènerait loin d'eux. Avec lui, les démons perdaient de leur pouvoir sur elle et la lumière perçait les ténèbres. Pour le moment son ciel était gris, mais à travers les fenêtres qu'étaient les yeux d'Evan elle avait vu le soleil, et à présent elle était certaine qu'un jour où l'autre son cauchemar prendrait fin, grâce à lui. Bientôt les gestes déplacés de son père, et les insultes de son frère cesseraient de la hanter jours et nuits. ","Summary":" Petit texte sur un film que j'adore depuis des années. L'univers de l'effet papillon est à Eric Bre"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Butterfly Effect","Author":"jamiedong","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9776783","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Instead of regretting the mistake that you had made, it would be wiser to cherish the present. Ever since the moment Evan met Kayleigh, Evan had not been able to calm his nerves. He knows it'd be best to remain strangers, however, he can't help but feel a sense of regret. Why does fate torment us like this? Sigh…just let it be….if we were to meet again, let us start anew. Otherwise, I would give up. I cannot allow myself to let you live in pain. Evan Treborn continues this thought, without knowing that their wheels of fortune have once again begin to spin. On a Sunday morning, Kayleigh awakes from her dream; a week's worth of fatigue from work can only be rejuvenated through a weekend's rest. The emptiness she once felt in her chest has once again returned, this has become a norm. Every minute she feels as if she had forgotten something important, a certain individual. She has led a routine lifestyle with her mum since as a child, got accepted into a good college, and has now acquired a decent job. She does not have any unforgettable memories, her lifestyle could even be considered plain. People around her come and go, only on weekends would she seldom interact with others. She mostly feels a sense of solidarity, no matter how lively or joyful her surrounding might be. She considers meeting a psychologist to release herself from the troubles that had haunted her for long. This is a cozy little clinic recommended by one of her friends. As the lady at the front desk asked her to wait, a tall gorgeous man comes out from his office. ","Summary":" Instead of regretting the mistake that you had made, it would be wiser to cherish the present. Ever"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Tú lo amabas","Author":"Hizashii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5450342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Sólo el drabble es mío. Claim: Jenna/Sam (Butterfly Effect 3) Summary: Tú lo amabas y él parecía no entenderlo. No imaginaba que eras capaz de morir y matar sólo por su causa. Notes: Volví a ver la película y sentí algo de curiosidad por Jenna y su amor enfermizo por su hermano. Tú lo amabas. Lo miraste a los ojos y viste la decepción plasmada en ellos, estaba acompañada de dolor y de profunda desesperación, pero tenía ese toque de determinación. Tú lo amabas y él parecía no entenderlo. Sam no entendía, no entendía la razón por la que siempre le abrías los brazos y le dabas un beso en la mejilla, él no entendía la razón por la que odiabas tanto a toda chica que se le acercara. Tú lo amabas y él parecía no saberlo. No lo sabía, no sabía que desde que te salvó es el centro de tu universo y que cada noche soñabas con que te tomaba en sus brazos, te besaba y te murmuraba al oído miles de palabras de amor. Tú lo amabas y él parecía no imaginarlo. No imaginaba que eras capaz de morir y matar sólo por su causa, que cuando él se distraía viajabas y matabas a toda mujer que era algo en su vida. Tú deseabas ser la única para él. Entonces lo entendiste, entendiste lo que pasaría, y por tu cabeza cruzó un último y fugaz «volveré», antes de sumirte en las olas de la muerte. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Sólo el drabble es mío. Claim: Jenna/Sam (Butterfly Effect 3) Summary: Tú lo amabas y é"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Hold On","Author":"sevle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2603506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This fiction takes place during the last scenenin The Butterly Effect, where Kayleigh and Evan see eachother on thenstreet. In the movie they continue walking, and it made me sad, so Inchanged it so that Evan went to talk to Kayleigh. I like this better.nIf you don't, too bad. Disclaimer: I don't own these characters,nyadda yadda. Just having fun, just working on my writing, etc etc.nIt's a short, fluffy, one shot. Blah, blah. Hold on…. \" And all of the stars, are faded away…. Youndon't have to worry, you'll see them someday, take what you need,nand be on way and stop crying your heart out.\" Hold on. Evan glancednbackward at Kayleigh, trying to hold in all the happiness he felt.nThis whole ordeal all balanced on this one moment. This one momentnwhere he knew that his goal was met. Kayleigh was alright. She madenit. She made it. She made it. She was clearly a successfulnbuisness women, clearly happy and perfectly safe out of harm's way.nHe knew that with this happiness Tommy was happy too, Kayleigh and hengrew up loved, safe and cared-for home. He knew henrescued her from her past-fate. If he didn't take that one lastnchance to save her she would be crying, living a sad life where itnall wouldn't matter. He saved her. He couldn'tnlet this moment pass, this moment where she was smiling, humming tonherself an Oasis song, with her golden hair swinging and herncrisp suit hugging her body. It was almost unbearable to think thatnshe didn't know him. Didn't recognize him at all. Didn't havenall the memories he had. He knew he had to act fast or else she wouldnslip away. He turnednaround, trotted up next to her, smiled and said, \"Hello.\" She turnednand smiled, a little quizzitive look on her face. \"Hi.\" \"I'mnEvan.\" \"Uh, nicento meet you Evan.\" For some reason Kayleigh felt safe with thisnguy. She didn't feel like he was a stranger off the New Yorknstreets, even if that was what he was. Still though, she felt anlittle uncomfortable, and wanted to end the conversation. \"I'mnKayleigh.\" \"Kayleigh.nWhat a beautiful name.\" He smiled at her, this was fun. \"Yeah,nthanks. We'll I guess I'll see you around, Evan. Bye.\" Shenturned to leave, but he touched her elbow. She turned once again andnlooked him in the eyes. \"Wait. Donyou think I could maybe get your number? Maybe we could get a cup ofncoffee or something.\" Kayleighnlooked at him. Sure, okay, he was cute. He was dresed in a suit, andnwas clean shaven. She didn't get hit on very often, and figured itnwas worth a shot. \"Okay.\" She said. Evan walkednaway, a phone number pressed into his palm, and a smile evident onnhis face. He and Kayleigh could be together now. In a happy ending.nHis mother was safe, Lenny was with his wife and newborn baby-girl,nTommy, he guessed, was happy (and not so angry) he accomplishedneverything he wanted to do. The thoughtsnof the past 6 years flooded back to him. It was six years ago that henmade a decision that pained him. He chose to leave Kayleigh behind,nin order for her to have a better life. While the next years werenpainful, and he often found himself wondering what she was doing, itnwas all awhile. And thenthing was, is that his promise was kept. Even though he promised innanother reality, it was still a promise he had intended to keep. I'llncome back for you. He did. He came back for her, and everythingnwould be okay. It turned out that his story could have a happy endingnfor him. He knew henand Kayleigh would hit it off, fall in love again, and everythingnwould be okay for the first time in his lives. sevle ","Summary":" This fiction takes place during the last scenenin The Butterly Effect, where Kayleigh and Evan see "},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Passing Strangers","Author":"HopelessRomantic216","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3050456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thought this up for no reason at all, was listening to some song that I didn't know... Disclaimer- Don't own a thing, and if you want to sue me... there really is no point...unless, of course, you WANT countless pictures of Jack Sparrow and lots of stuffed animals. :o) Passing Strangers ","Summary":" Thought this up for no reason at all, was listening to some song that I didn't know... Disclaimer- "},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"One More Time","Author":"trmbngrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2413831","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys, this is my first fanfic. It'snactually my first attempt at writing anything other than poetry, so Inreally hope you all like it. R&R; please. His eyes clouded withntears as they always did before falling into the dark, solitary sleepnof isolation. His graying hair, wrinkled skin and fading memoriesndepressed his lonely soul. His hand reached up to touch the onenphoto he had kept of Kayleigh. He had the nurses tape it up on thenwall for him at the home; there were no fancy accessories like framesnin his whole room, nothing but a bed, toilet and shower. He thoughtnof her every day, imagined them walking and holding hands and sharingntheir feelings as two in love. Evan's mind had grown dim in thenpast decade or so, and his knowledge of who he once was disappearednwith the memories. All he lived for was Kayleigh. If only he couldnfind her. He stared into the picture with hopenand love and determination. His eyes never diverted from the surfacenof her beaming face. In just moments his vision hazed and he was inna young boy's body, at a picnic of sorts. His whole sense of logicntold him that to save her, he could never come in contact with her. nHis whole heart, on the other hand, was telling him that he loved hernand needed to be with her before he died a failure of a man. Therenmust be a way to save the one he adored. They played like two normal childrennwould. Evan's whole life brightened, and his body soared withnaffection for this little girl of seven years. Her beauty radiatednin her youthful joy and unceasing love for all. Still, he knew henneeded to do this one thing before he went back. He needed to talk tonher father. Needed to stop him from hurting either Kayleigh or hernbrother. If he could do this, then he mightnbe happy forever. Happiness, was it really worth all this risk? Henhad spent a lifetime in miserable relationships and destructivenenvironments. His life had been a waste because he knew he couldnnever have Kayleigh. His pain would all soon come to an end, henvowed this to himself. He would be out of the hospital, marriednperhaps with kids of his own, and grandkids. This had to be done,nfor the broken, dead heart he carried in his chest, beating fornKayleigh, every breath, every step, every moment. This had to bendone, and done right this time. There was no more room for mistakes. Well, that's the first chapter. nVery short I know, but I had to end it that way. More chapters willnfollow, I promise. Please comment! I appreciate it, thanks. ","Summary":" Hey guys, this is my first fanfic. It'snactually my first attempt at writing anything other than po"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Only Wishes","Author":"angelcorrupted","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4534574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own The Butterfly effect, nor do I own Kayleigh. This is set before Evan changes anything, so fwee! I'll come back for you . He'll come back for me my ass. That day, I was running to catch up to the moving truck, half expecting the boy within it to turn to the woman driving to stop. I didn't slow my pace to wait for that, though. I was nearing the truck inch by inch, and I didn't want to slow my progress. I need to talk to him or possibly convince him to take me along. I saw his face in the mirror, half obscured by one of his composition books. I slowed this time, squinting my eyes so I could read his messy scrawl. The message jumped out at me, not the letters, but the concealed meaning behind it all. Evan would come back for me and rescue me from my life. What have I done for the past year? The worst thing a person can do when they're in denial. I waited. According to Tommy, my expression is vacant and I need to suck up the fact that he's gone and is never coming back. I can't argue with my brother because he just doesn't understand what I'm going through. I can't cry because my father will see that as a weakness, and make a futile attempt at beating strength into me in the most literal sense of that expression. My twin brother will scoff and insult me, though I'm fully aware of the fact he means better than he lets on. However, acceptance to the fact that Evan has decided that I'm no longer worth his time and will not come back for me did not come gradually like people say it does. No, it was quite the opposite really. It hit me like when that blockbuster exploded inside the mailbox. I was worthless to to him. Every word, every touch, every kiss had been a lie, and this abandonment was the evidence behind such an extreme accusation. I wished I could go back in time and tell him how idiotic he was. Or better yet, maybe go back in time so I went to live with my mother. Those were only wishes, though. ","Summary":" I do not own The Butterfly effect, nor do I own Kayleigh. This is set before Evan changes anything,"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"the butterfly effect fan fiction","Author":"LIU Haitong","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10353224","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fan fiction about the butterfly effect Evan Kelly Tommy Lenny CH1 Evan haven't slept well for many days. In the dark room, he is trying to relax himself. Watching the white celling, he lays down his head on his hands with soft pillow. Why he always has memory loss recently and then some strange things happened after that: Drawing a picture with bleeding knife, Taking a knife. Doctors can not explain his situation, all of his check are normal. He is only 7 years old, too young to find out the answer. He feels like there grows lots of weed on his bed. The sound of insect should make the peaceful night more harmonious, but that is just like a group of constructional force is drilling the wall of his room. He remembers that the doctor ask him to keep a dairy, especially ask him to do that once he has a memory lost. \"What about the memory I lost before?\" Evan feels that he has used all of his energy. He does not want to move any parts of his body, not because he is tired. Suspiring is the only thing he wants do to let him feel better. \" Never mind , I should be stronger. I do not want my mom feel bad. She has already lose my dad. I will make up my dairy which I should write before.\" After making that decision, Evan feels much better, and he feels so comfortable that sleepy time finally comes to meet him. \"I will have a good dream.\" His smiling mouse radian is like a upside-down mountain. The voice of his breathing as if has cooperate with \"tick tock\" horologe on his bedside. The night will be end. This is the third time that Evan has time travel. The first time, his beloved Kelly is alive and they has lived together in the college life. He had to travel back to change the past again because he had ignore about Kelly's brother Tommy and killed him by accident. He was putted into a jail and it was not easy for him to had time travel for the second time. However, for the second and third time, he also can not change the past perfectly. This is the third time now and he becomes a disabled man, because he rushed to the detonator to protect a infant and its mother. His girl friend now has fells in love with his childhood friend- Lanny. At this time travel he knows although blows up his arms, but he makes Tommy and Lanny have a bright future at last. However, the most flagrant thing is that he lost his girl Kelly. Evan comes alone try to drown himself because he knows that everyone has a good life right now, but Tommy finds him in time and quickly turns off the tap. \"Now you guys finally be alright.\" Evan says with tears in his eyes. \"I could not even fucking kill my self!\" His voice is trembling, not as calm as his face and eyes. A drop of naughty water is gliding from his hair to his eyelid, but Evan can do nothing except closing his eyes. \"I hate my self!\" The voice is coming from his deep inside world. He knows he does not want his state disturb other people. \"It is alright. Everything will be fine.\" Tommy shows bewilderment that he does not know how to comfort his friend. It wastes a lot of time to realize he should give Evan a hug. Holding Evan and using another hand to hold Evan's hand. Tommy does not know what is wrong with Evan. Since yesterday, Evan's behavior changed a lot, as if he is not the Evan he knows in recent 10 years. He remembers that it is Evan who always encourages him how to attend college activities and teach the meaning of life. Tommy is scared but he tries to keep calm and pull Evan out from the bathtub. After that event, Lenny pays much more attention on his best childhood friend. Evan can not find a chance to slip away from the dormitory and kill himself. When Evan gets up in the midnight. The night is full of darkness. Evan opens his eyes but he could not see anything. He holds his breath because the night is so quietness, as if a crash of a needle can scare people. He turns around and put his feet down. Trying to keep balance without arms takes lots of time, but when Evan hears Lanny's organized snore, a sense of comfortable comes to him. Just a few steps distance, Evan finally gets to the door. When he moves forward, one of his foot touches a soft thing. Evan's heart beats gets faster. \"What's that?\" He can not remember any thing near the door. He stretch out his feet to \"see\" that thing only finds that the room was blocked by heavy sofa. He tries to move it but failed. His ability is too weak now. He could do anything except making sofa produce big noise. \"Who is there!\" Lanny hastily wakes up and picks up the flashlight beside the pillow. Suddenly, a strong light shines on Evan's face. Evan waves his arms to block the light, but it does not use because he does not have arms anymore. \"Oh, Evan. It's you. What are you doing?\" Lanny's mood calms down and he turns light away from Evan, \"Eh, I was a little thirstily, and I.. I was looking for water. It's alright. I am fine now.\"Evan tries to pretend be cool, in fact, he is scared to death by that immediate shock . \"Oh, I can help you.\" Lanny uses his arms to supports himself and wants to get out of the bed. \"No, no need.\" Evan immediately stops Lanny. \"I have just finished. Now I will go to sleep.\" Evan goes toward to bed and jumps on bed and lies down. \"Good night Lanny.\" With his back to Lanny, Evan close his eyes and have a long long deep breath. \"Ok, have a dice dream.\" Lanny turns over and soon falls asleep. Evan shakes his head and fails to rub his dry eyes with using his hands. He can not sleep anymore. he wants goes back to the insomnic night when he was 7. At least he won't suffer these pians. \"I know that I will never see you if I live with my mom when I was a kid.\" Kelly's word touched Evan when he got that news before they got to class. He always wondered why Kelly and her brother lives with his bad temper father rather than live with mom when their parents got a divorce. Now, lying on the bed, Evan starts to clear up his whole memory. Before Evan found the ability to have time travel and changed the past, their childhood was awful. Tommy and Kelly was suffer from their pedophilia father. And their adolescence was decadent. Tommy became a guy who had mad violence. He instigated young Lanny blow up neighbor's mailbox with a detonator Tommy stole from his father. That explosion killed a infant and its mother who was going to get the mail. They did not tell anybody and that event was over. But after Tommy saw Evan kissed with Kelly, he burn Evan's to death. Tommy threatened and intimidated Lanny who are trying help the dog to escape. Lanny got heart hit and become a psychopath. Evan's mother took him away and they left that place. When Evan became a top student in the college, he got the news that Kelly suicide she ended her trouble by suicide. And about at that time, Evan found the way to have time travel- Reading the dairy he wrote. \"It is time to make a flawless plan\" Evan makes a big decision. And then he is lost in thought. The night seems very longer. CH2 Time flies, when Evan comes back from ruminate, the dark is gone away. First of sunshine shines on Evan's face. Although the light is dazzling, Evan still feels good. He believes that today is a good day to change. Last night he remember before the 7 year old Evan came to his father, he wrote a dairy. He is sure that dairy exists, because at that time he had the ability to keep a dairy. He was not a handicapped at that time. \"Yes! The only way is to get help from my father!\" Evan screams out and jumps out from the bed. \"Oh...What? Your...father?\" Lanny is woken up by Evan and complain. Evan knows from now on, his father has been death for almost 10 years. Evan knows first time he had time travel, he was so proud and so confident. He promised to his father he can make all things well with contempt about his father's warning. And at last, his father was attacked by jailer because his father wanted to stopped Evan by killing him. That was an accident. His father's injuries is too heavy and that caused him to death. He got the reason that his father was sent to bedlam is that his father was crazy always because he always had strang behavior. And as far as Evan knows, his grandfather also had the strange illness. But this time, Evan will be much more careful. \"Hey, Lanny.\" Evan tentatively with a big smile on his face. \"What's up bro?\" Lanny's face is strange. He keeps one eye big and the other small. He is surprised to see Evan's positive state. \"Can you do me a favor? Help me to pick out my diary from my sorting box which is under my bed?\" \"Sure.\" Lanny knows he should say everything carefully avoid hurting Evan's heart, so he does not ask why Evan wants to do that. Lanny blows away the dust on the diary. That is like a explosion of a small boob. When Evan opens his eyes, he finds he is seating in a close room. His father looks jaded, he has messy hair. Evan knows that his father has take tranquilizer before the meet. His father is using gracious sight to look his own son. Evan feels that is great. \" Hey father, I am the Evan from future right now.\" His father gets a shock, Evan can see that from his father's fishy eyes. But then his father calm down. \"I knew you will become to me someday.\" His father sigh when he says that. \" I do not want you to do that stupid things. You are follow the same old disastrous road what I have already make.\" His father puts hands on his brow ridge. It looks like he is doing pray. \"Having you ever tried having 2 time travel at once?\" Evan seriously says out with confidence. \"Father, I very clearly know we both fail to make our life better, but we can not give up trying even we may make our lives worse. Because we still get chance to win.\" \"I can not make decision right now, it is too accidentally.\" \"Father, I become a handicapped, and my mother is dying. She is worried about me when I was injured from the event and she is addicted to cigarette since then. She wants to kill the pain from my injury by cigarette, but now she is killing by that.\" Evan could not help sobbing. He is regret for his precipitance for changing the past. \"Do worry, son. Your father will help you to change the world, even sacrifice my self!\" Evan takes out a video, which records Evan's 3 year-old birthday. Also his father is helping him blowing the candle. Evan says to jailer to handle a application that he wants to share a video with his father, and of course, the jailer agrees that. Evan and his father look at each other with a fullhearted smell. They start watching the video, and suddenly they find the whole world is shaking and changing. Evan told to his father everything he knows and then they start to make plan. ","Summary":" Fan fiction about the butterfly effect Evan Kelly Tommy Lenny CH1 Evan haven't slept well for many "},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"No need to pray","Author":"AnotherMoment","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4199400","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Forever will I have those dreams Of the way things were and how they should be You in my arms and me holding you tight I hope that's the thing I see tonight I know I cant have you And there's nothing I can do So there's no need to worry and pray 'Cause I know you're life is better off this way I'm sorry, but in choices there was no other I told you I hate you so you'd live with your mother You won't get hurt there She's not like your dad, she'll surround you with care And oh, how I wish you knew That you once loved me and I loved you And maybe things will get better soon But I sacrificed my happy ending So I must wait forever while my heart is mending ","Summary":" Forever will I have those dreams Of the way things were and how they should be You in my arms and m"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"A Face in the Crowd","Author":"Jack E. Peace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1703143","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: None of the characters belong to me. A/N: I saw The Butterfly Effect this weekend, great movie, great plot, great characters (plus, it's written by the same guys that wrote my favorite movie ever, Final Destination 2 so that's a plus.) I came up with two short stories based upon the film, this is the first. Please enjoy and review. Late again. I can't believe it. Even as I stare at my digital watch, waiting impatiently for the elevator to reach my apartment floor, I still can't believe that for the third time this week, I'm going to be late to work. And, to make matters worse, it's only Wednesday, which means I've been late every single day since the work week started. I am, after all, Kayleigh Miller, pristine and professional lawyer...yet how professional is it to be late to the office every day? Finally, the elevator reaches that floor where my homey apartment resides and the doors slid open with a ding that I have come to know and expect. Without waiting for the doors to fully open, I hustle in, using my leather briefcase to buffet the doors open the rest of the way and impatiently jab the button marked L. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: None of the characters belong to me. A/N: I saw The Butterfly Effect this weekend, grea"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"What if?","Author":"Has A WaywithWords","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4401363","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OKay, well, The Butterfly Effect is one of the BEST movie I've EVER seen. I loved it, but hated the ending. BUt I'm going to try and make a good story out of it. Evan I couldn't do this anymore. No. Sitting at the Mental Institution was NOT an option. I ran from my room, my heart beating faster and faster, pumping hard, trying to keep away from the doctors. I wasn't crazy, I know I wasn't. Everything that I had gone through, everything that my father had gone through. They were true. I skidded to a halt in front of the Doctor's door. I slammed the door, and pushed the couch in front of it, hoping that the guards wouldn't get in as easily which bought me time. My adreneline was on high, my heart and body racing, trying to find the projector, and the movies. Found them. I heard the door shake, the glass crashed. I slid underneath his desk, flipped on the projector, and played the movie. This memory was of when Kayleigh and I just met. We were six. Some one's party, all though I can't recall who. I watched it play, and the memory of her flooded back to me. All the times I tried to fix us. Fix everything. The next thing I knew, I was be hurdeled through time and space itself. Back to when I was young. When I was harmless, well for the most part, and when I was well... normal. I saw myself there, and Kayleigh, we were talking. I though of what I could've done. I could've whispered in her ear, \"Stay away from me. I'm harmful. If you don't stay away I will kill you and your family.\" I could've done that. But I didn't. I was selfish. I had done that, and she didn't remember me. And that destroyed me. So instead, I talked like a normal, socialable, six year old would act. I didn't do anything. I saw her father, her sick perverted father standing there. He looked at me, his eyes looked into mine, and for the briefest moment, I thought her remembered all of it. How I had called him a fuckhead, and told him to treat Kayleigh; the way a daughter should be treated, not like a rag doll that you could take out your problems on. He disgusted me. But I still put those things aside. I talked to Kayleigh, we laughed, we bonded. And that, that, is how it always should be. - - - - - 17 years later... - - - - It was the date of my 21st birthday. And to this day, I remember everything. Every memory. Every tragedy. Every person. Everything. I see Kayleigh and Tommy, but no Lenny. I also see my newer friends, Jacob and Talon. They are at the bar, we all are. And finally, I'm allowed to drink. Legally that is. But everything has changed. Lenny is gone. Rehab, at least we think. His mother never told us. Tommy is Tommy. Not a bad kid, like my many painful memories, but not a church kid either. He has a family starting, he's in college. Young, but successful. Kayleigh is in college too. She helps me a lot. Kayliegh has been studying memory transitions for the past few years now. Trying to help me figure out many other... things, but I'll get to that later. Then, there is Jacob and Talon. I have other friends too, but these too are the only ones that have really bonded with me and the others. Thumper was still my roommate. It's harder though with him, and all his \"guests\". Cough cough... skanks. But anyway, my party was small. That's okay. But now all that is left to tell is me. Ever since that day with Baby Katie and Mrs. Kagen, well I haven't been whole. I lost my left leg to the dynamite, along with my big toe and little toe. But oh well, who needs those toes anyway? Anyway, Kayleigh has helped me with the leg thing since it happened. She always blamed herself. But, I'm glad she is still in my life. We aren't dating, but you never know. \"Evan? Com'on! Drink! Yager Bomb it!\" Everyone yelled, and I smiled as I chugged. I heard that beautiful tinkling laugh and I turned my head to face Kayleigh, \"Good thing you can't really drive anymore! Ecpecially on tonight!\" I sat in my chair, and out on a fake frown and tears, \"It was your fault! Your dynamite!\" She looked down sadly, and I immediatly knew that that was the wrong thing to say, \"I'm sorry, Kayleigh. It wasn't you- your fault.\" I faltered. She looked me in the eyes, and nodded. \"It's okay. At least Katie is healthy now! She'll be 18 soon!\" Kayleigh recovered quickly from her blow of memory. \"That's true. I'm glad both of them are okay. I just wonder what happened with Lenny. I check the Institution, but there was no one. Not a soul there that was even named Lenny.\" I told Kayleigh. She looked at me sadly again, and turned her head down quickly. \"I just want to know what happened with him.\" She said quietly. \"I know, me too,\" I comforted her, then added quickly, \"Com'on! Be happy! It's my 21st!\" I told her trying to make it better. She looked at me gravely. \"Evan, get real. You know me better.\" \"That's true. But not now. PLease not now. Later. Like Never. When your dead.\" I told her sternly, but she gave me her shy mischevious smile I knew she would try and find Lenny anyway. \"Kayleigh. Please. Just wait for a while?\" I pleaded. \"Fin-\" Tommy cut in, \"What is my sister going to do now? Nothing nasty I hope.\" He laughed. \"No, Just-\" Kayliegh got cut off again. \"Lenny.\" I said simply, and I got a glare from her. \"Your not.\" Tommy said. \"No, I'm not.\" She said in her innocent voice, which Tommy always fell for. And that's the end of the the conversation. Kayleigh won, like always. ","Summary":" OKay, well, The Butterfly Effect is one of the BEST movie I've EVER seen. I loved it, but hated the"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Past Is Not Yet Forgotten","Author":"RachelItIs","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3366964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own The Butterfly Effect... This takes place after the ending of the movie...(The one where he passes Kayliegh not where he kills himself during birth) so yup yup Sorry not spell checked...shouldn't be too bad...I read over it after finished. Evan rolled over in his bed. It had been a week since he had seen her walking down the streets of New York. He had appearently done the right thing by erasing himself from her life, she now looked successful and not dead. What a silly thing to think, not dead. Not to Evan. Evan had been the cause for her to die a couple times. I know what your thinking. 'How can you die a couple times?' Well let me tell you, Evan has a gift. One he wishes he didn't have but then again, look at Kayliegh. Because of his gift she didn't end up dead or prostitute. Once he had accidently blown her up by dynamite when they were seven. Before that, he had confronted her about a video tape of her dad's, but that was before he realized his gift. She remembered it and she killed herself. But now, now she looked like she was well off. ","Summary":" I do not own The Butterfly Effect... This takes place after the ending of the movie...(The one wher"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Why","Author":"anOinteD4eVa826","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2660964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nnot mine Infinally understood, in order for the one I love to be happy was if wennever had met. The one person I love is the one person I have to letngo. Evennthough those memories aren't real anymore, I miss what we could'venshared. AndnI hate missing her… I hate missing the \" What could'venbeen s\". Whyndid I have to kill Tommy? I could've been patient and let him be…nBut no, I missed being friends with Thumper, I hated being a jerk andnattempting to cheat on an exam. I just had to make everyone happy…nWhy couldn't I be selfish? Why couldn't I? Inlove Kayleigh… And I wish I could let her go, but I can't. If Indid try to talk to her, she wouldn't be the same person I fell innlove with… Because the past of someone makes up who they are… Thenchildhood of Kayleigh affects her personality… Her childhoodnchanged which means she's not the woman I fell in love with… Ornis she? Review!nI think I'm gonna keep this coming! Depends if I get reviews… I'mnhesitating! ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nnot mine Infinally understood, in order for the one I love to be happy was if wennever "},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Got the Holy Spirit","Author":"Del Schiz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1837807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Got the Holy Spirit Author: Del Schiz Rating: PG-13 Warnings: Mentions of traumatic events and child abuse. Summary: Tommy Miller, in the timeline where 'he saved that lady and her baby.' **** A/N: Here's a piece of trivia for you--the title comes from one of Seth Green's lines in \"The Italian Job\". The reason that I wanted to write this story is because I always felt that if any timeline in \"The Butterfly Effect\" was 'perfect', it was the fourth one. True, Evan Treborn lost his arms and his mother is dying of lung disease, but that's consequences for you. Of course, Evan is an escapist, and thus an idiot, so despite the fact that almost everyone else is happy in that reality, he changes things. Bastard. This story is from Tommy's POV. **** \"Got the Holy Spirit\" Despite what everyone thinks, I didn't suddenly have a change of heart over the illegal firecracker in the mailbox. I saw Evan running out across the street, and I knew that he was going to take that thing out of there, even if it was too late. I was already jealous of him, taking my sister's love away from me like he did (as I thought at the time), and so I bolted straight for the woman with her baby, shouting, \"Get down, I'll save you, lady!\" And then the explosion, the one that changed everything. So, you see, my motivation for my actions that day were entirely selfish. I wanted to be a hero, I wanted to be the one that everybody coddled and loved and paid attention to. It was only later that I had a change of heart, when I saw Evan in the hospital, burned and bruised and broken--and especially when I heard the doctors talking about the 'irreparable damage' to his spinal cord, and that they'd have to amputate his arms. I saw Mrs. Treborn looking defeated and betrayed, always hovering near Evan's bedside, even when he was unconscious. She started smoking heavily, multiple packs a day, once the doctors told her about Evan's looming disabilities. It was her way of dealing with it, I guess. That was the first time I'd ever prayed, and I mean really prayed, not just for things I wanted or thought I needed. I prayed for Evan and his mom, begged God to not let the doctors mutilate him like they were saying they had to. Most of all, I prayed that he wouldn't die. At thirteen, I still hadn't had a personal brush with death--I barely knew either of my surviving grandparents, and Dad didn't allow us to have pets or anything. And suddenly, I was looking right in death's face, and I was scared. If Evan could die, then that meant...anyone could. Anybody I loved could be taken away from me. In the week before his operation, Evan finally came to. His mom, aunt, uncle, and cousin were all there to tell him that he was paralyzed from the waist down and that he was going to lose both of his arms. Lenny told me that he 'freaked out a little', but I'm sure that was an understatement. But by the time that Kayleigh and I saw him again, he had accepted it. Evan met even my sincerest apologies with a soft smile and a \"Don't worry about what you can't change,\" or \"At least nobody died.\" It took him a few months to get the hang of the prosthetic arms and the wheelchair, but the three of us--Lenny, Kayleigh, and I--were there for him. We supported him and kept on being his friends when most of the other kids just shied away and spoke in derisive whispers about 'the crippled kid'. As we grew older and entered high school, Kayleigh started showing a definite interest in Lenny. Often, they'd slip off together, leaving Evan and I to our own devices. I never felt threatened by Lenny's interest in my sister, partly because he always treated her like I thought she deserved, and partly because Evan vouched for his cousin's honorable intentions. Evan was really the glue that held us together. Sure, we took care of him when he couldn't do certain physical things, but whenever things got bad or didn't turn out like we'd expected, he'd come up with the solutions. We depended on him. Seven years later, and Evan's mother is in the advanced stages of lung disease, and I can see that Evan is taking it hard. He's used to having the answers to everything. Shoot, I'm used to him having the answers everything. But there's no way to think our way out of this. This is death. Again. **to be continued** ","Summary":" Title: Got the Holy Spirit Author: Del Schiz Rating: PG-13 Warnings: Mentions of traumatic events a"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Hidden Shadows","Author":"Torithy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3664632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I actually just saw this film for the first time the other day and couldn't resist trying to write a fanfic - basically, something prompts Evan to try changing history one last time ... The Butterfly Effect: Hidden Shadows PROLOGUE. He saw her image everywhere. Fate was cruel and, just because they had never met, didn't mean she wasn't the love of his life. Some people believe there's a soul mate for everyone, it's just a question of finding them – well, Evan Treborn had found his and been forced to give her up. But that didn't mean he didn't think about her, about what could have been. He alone carried the burden of knowing things could have been very different, very different indeed. And he had been tempted to try again. There had to be another way, a way where he and Kayleigh could be together without causing pain and suffering to those closest to them … But the risk was too great. He had tried so many times and each time his hopes were shot down in flames. He couldn't become a murderer for her, he couldn't condemn his best friend to that sentence either. And he couldn't ruin her life. Or live his own as a useless shell, watching her in the arms of another man – even if that man was his best friend. That had been the hardest to bear – if only he could have ended it there, knowing she was safe and happy, protected and loved by Lenny. It killed him to see them together, but they both looked so happy – a perfect fit. Without him, they could have had a chance at the life they both deserved. Trust goddamn Tommy to play hero. Again. Yeah, fate was cruel, but with a strong sense of irony. Thinking about her so much wrecked havoc with his mind, bombarding him with images, real, not real, imagined, bidden, unbidden. His every waking moment was consumed by her. He saw her a thousand times a day, in every young woman with blonde hair – had even called out her name to strangers, only for them to shoot him a strange look and hurry away. Sometimes he felt like the only thing keeping him going was the hope that, one day, their paths might collide – she was out there somewhere, living her life, oblivious to his very existence. But she was out there … She was walking towards him. Just his treacherous mind playing tricks again – he would look again and she would be gone, replaced by a woman who, aside from the blonde hair, looked nothing like his Kayleigh. She was getting closer. Only this time it was no illusion – just a choice. Let her pass him by and out of his life again, maybe forever, or do something. Anything. Anything to have another chance … Was it just him or did it feel like there was a connection between them? No, she felt it too – she was glancing at him curiously. He had stopped in his tracks in the middle of the pavement though, she was bound to wonder what was wrong with him … Dragging his gaze away from the vision before him, he could still feel her eyes on him – could practically read the thoughts in her racing mind. Where do I know him from … Who … Should I recognise … Then it was gone. He knew without turning round that the moment had passed and that she was continuing on her path, probably shaking it off as just one of those things. Like déjà vu. He knew she had been thrown by it though – just as he had – that her mind wouldn't be where it ought for the rest of the day. Then he heard the screeching of tyres and the scream he recognised immediately. to be continued ... ","Summary":" A/N: I actually just saw this film for the first time the other day and couldn't resist trying to w"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Butterfly Wisdom","Author":"PinkWhirlWind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3000845","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Butterfly Wisdom by Pinkwhirlwind Disclaimer: I don't ownnthe Butterfly Effect. Highly tweeky and thoughtful movie. Recommendnit, but not if you're pts'ing Notes: Set after thenmovie Warning: This is a yaoinstory, as in male/male. The romantic pairing is Lenny/Evan Evan's pen touched thenpaper, softly, little blue feathers of indecision lining upnmeaninglessly on the first page of a blank journal. There had alwaysnbeen journals. It was part of who he had always been. Had been. but now This time Everything wasndifferent. People could change sonquickly. He knew this. Long fingers, graceful, but with too manynlives behind them, turned to the back of the blank journal. A blond nsmile, head tilted, cocky, yet so vulnerable, open. Evan knew thatnsoul behind those eyes maybe better than the mind behind those eyesndid. Love. It was not thensame as sexual desire, and the addition of that longing had confusednthe scars off of Evan's soul. He knew the perversions of sex, in mennand women, though he'd not had those experiences in this life, but henknew them, nonetheless, and they frightened him. Even in the life wherenhe'd been with her, he hadn't been himself and she hadn't known ornloved who he was. He walked differently. He talked differently. Part of him wanted tonuse the journal entry he wasn't writing, the patterns of loss andnalienation to prove that no one would ever love him. Just as whennhe'd started running that water in that tub, he had a certainty thatneveryone would be better off without him. Head down on the desk,nhis pen rolled towards the floor and he didn't try to stop it. Darknhair over his face, half hiding his tears, soaking the rain of hisnsoul. Humans are not meant to be alone, not forever, hiding what nonone else would ever believe. \"Evan?\" Thendoor closed with a click as Lenny let himself into their dorm. \"Hey,nman.\" \"Leave me alone.\" \"Oh fuck that,\"nLenny said, words gentle, but determined. \"We gotta talk.\" The world was ancarefully stacked set of dishes, one moment moving into the next andna sudden fear grabbed Evan. What he said to Lenny might affectnLenny's life, might make changes that he couldn't know. He couldnnever go back and change things, never again. If he broke something,nit would stay broken. He was a menace, a danger, everyone he evernloved or needed would suffer because of him. And then it was twonhours later and he lay shaking, strong arms around him, holding him. nFingers, warm against his chilled skin, brushed over his face,nsmoothed tangled black hair back away from his face, brushing lightlynover a shadow of facial hair. \"Evan, it's okay. Everything'snreally okay. I know everything now, just let me, let me take care ofnyou for a little while, okay?\" \"Let go of me!\"nAnger held him almost as strongly as Lenny did, and then panic kickednin as well. Hateful demanding hands, pinning, violating and hisnmemory etched acid over memories that had never really happened innthis life of his. \"I hate you!\" \"It's alright,nEvan, It's alright,\" Lenny chanted softly, holding the shakingnform of his friend. \"I'm here. I know. You told me, Evan, yountold me everything and I understand. I believe you and I'll hold younhere. Do you get it? I'm not going to let you go.\" \"You don't knownshit.\" Evan's words were deflated, unsettled by the strongnconviction in Lenny's words, by the firm, but protective arms wrappednaround him. \"I hurt you.\" \"Yeah. So. I hurtnyou too, didn't I? A man ain't perfect, no matter what magic shitnhe's got in his head. Are you listening to me, Evan? Paradoxes andnshit, but you came and you told me what happens if you do the cracknheaded thing you were thinking about, but that's not the part thatnscared me.\" Evan, finally coming anlittle bit up out of the panic and after blackout haze, shovednhimself up on an elbow and looked down at his blond dorm-mate. \"Whatnare you talking about?\" \"You. Time travel,nmemory travel, whatever the hell you're calling it. Paradoxes. Indon't care. Evan, you're my friend, more, you're special. I don'tncare what was in some other time line.\" \"You never havenmade any sense, much, Lenny,\" Evan teased, his smile thin, butnlighter than the darkness he'd been drowning in. \"Yeah, well,nwhat something in all that made me homosexual. What if I'm gay? Younwanna get your arms off of me now?\" \"Nope,\" Lennynsaid, blushing just a little. \"That was something your futurenself said too. No babies for you, Evan. More, if you go turn aroundnand whack yourself before you're even fucking born, like you werenthinking about, so I don't get to know you and I get to die of HIVnlooking for someone who looks like you… well, then you'd come upnwith the cure for this stuff you got and you said it was a dominantngene. You have to survive and you have to find out more about it.\" \"I didn't know younwere gay. Lenny, why didn't you tell me?\" \"Oh sure, beingnfat wasn't enough to deal with? I don't know, maybe I was waiting fornit to go away? It's okay if you don't like me, you know, that way,nEvan. But you threatened me with it first anyway. I just wanted younknow now you mean a lot to me, and you shouldn't sell your life sondamn cheap.\" \"Lenny,\" Evannwhispered, then suddenly sat up, pulled his knees to his chest. \"Younreally believe me?\" \"Yeah. You reallynbelieve me?\" \"Yeah,\" Evannsaid, and some warmth settled into him, something deeper and truernthan all the layers of lives and tragedy. \"I do believe you,nLenny.\" ","Summary":" Butterfly Wisdom by Pinkwhirlwind Disclaimer: I don't ownnthe Butterfly Effect. Highly tweeky and t"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Who I Am","Author":"Del Schiz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1977661","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Who I Am a butterfly effect drabble by D.L. SchizoAuthoress A hundred years ago, before I wrote Kayleigh out of my life, I asked my then-roommate Thumper if he thought he knew me when I didn't even know me. Since then, I've lived my life five other times and seen five different worlds with versions of me and my friends. I should hope that I know myself by now. And I know that if I keep this stuff, with it's tangible connection to the past and the double-edged sword of my gift, I will be tempted. I'll be tempted on some lonely night or in a nostalgic moment to use it, to use it and change my life again, paying no mind to the consequences. I killed Kayleigh at twenty by driving her to suicide. I killed Kayleigh at seven by blowing her up with dynamite. I killed Tommy on campus by beating his head in with a metal bat. I killed Tommy at thirteen in the junkyard by giving that piece of metal to Lenny, who'd been driven mad by deaths I could have prevented. I nearly killed my mother. I got my father killed. And two times, I killed Mrs. Halpern and her baby, Katie. So many deaths. One hundred and twenty years of death. So I have to stop it. With a holocaust offering of notepaper and film, of plastic and memories. Even without them, I still know who I am. More importantly, I know who I could have been...and aren't. END ","Summary":" Who I Am a butterfly effect drabble by D.L. SchizoAuthoress A hundred years ago, before I wrote Kay"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"I Will Come Back for You","Author":"Jack E. Peace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1707858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: None of the characters belong to me. A/N: I had never expected for my first Butterfly Effect story to be so popular, but thanks for all the reviews. I had planned to post both Butterfly stories at the same time, but I'm just now writing the one that you're about to read (which will, in fact, have been written by that point) so I hope you enjoy and please review. I'll Come Back for You . The lettering was slanted, block and hastily scribbled down, yet Evan Trabourn didn't find it at all difficult to read as he stared at the lined sheet of paper, which rested at the bottom of one of his cardboard boxes. For a moment, he couldn't realize how it had gotten there, why he was finding it among his other journals, photographs and family albums. He had written the promise when he was thirteen years old, sitting in the passenger seat of a rental U-Haul truck, saying goodbye to his friend, Kayleigh Miller. For Evan, that life was no longer the one he should remember, yet he couldn't forget it; that life had been the first one he had led, the one he had tried to hard to change. In the life he now lived, he had never written the promise to Kayleigh, had never even known her that he used to, yet here was the paper, looking just the exact way it had when he had written it those many years ago. Finally, Evan reached inside the box and gently lifted the paper up, as though it was glass or perhaps a snake that would strike him if he was too rough. But the paper was just a paper, nothing more, yet to him it felt like so much more, just the last Christmas present beneath the tree that was shaped just like what you've always wanted. It held so much strange promise, unfulfilled potential. Staring at the paper, Evan wondered he could read his journals one last time, change everything for the better, knowing everything he did now. He could be with Kayleigh, he could make sure Tommy and Lenny were happy, that his mother wasn't dying from her chain-smoking habit; everyone could be happy if he only choose his moment carefully. But there was too much to risk changing; Kayleigh and Tommy were happy now, living their perfect lives with their perfect (finally) family. Lenny was happy, they were, after all, college roommates and his mother was living peacefully with her second husband, who was not an insane criminal. There was so much to risk by changing one little thing, that was something Evan had learned very well in the past few days (or was it minutes or hours or even years, he couldn't be sure). As much as he loved Kayleigh, was it more important for her to be happy without him then jaded with him? Evan tossed the paper back into the box and purposefully dumped his piles of journals on top of it, burying it once again. He simply wished he had never found the paper, wished that he had never been reminded of the promise he had made to Kayleigh in another life. Evan had finally made up his mind to leave this life the way it was, to destroy his journals and any chance of being tempting to change his world once again. Lenny was waiting in his car out in the parking lot for him to finish gathering together all of his memorabilia to be carted to the junkyard and burned. Slamming the cardboard top down on the box, Evan sealed away the paper and all ideas of bringing Kayleigh back into his life and hefted the cargo, heading toward the door. There was no turning back now, he would make sure of that. * * * The car ride toward the junkyard was silent, with Evan lost in his thoughts and Lenny realizing that; Evan was in no mood to talk, too worried that if he opened his mouth he would spout out some reason to turn the car around and save the journals, change the world. It was better safer to remain silent, everyone was surely better off. As usual, the junkyard -which wasn't really that at all, but more a clearing where people tossed old mattresses and grills- was empty so Evan and Lenny's arrival wasn't noted by anyone. The spring wind blew against his cheeks as he slammed the car door behind him, arms burdened with his no longer precious cargo. Lenny led the way toward an old rusted charcoal grill, pulling a book of matches out of his pocket at he walked. Evan stumbled to keep up, unable to see his feet and trying to keep from tripping over the odd assortment of junk on the ground. When he finally joined his friend, he wasted no time taking the top off the box and tipping it, so that the its contents spilled into the grill. \"Are you sure you wanna do this man?\" Lenny questioned, knowing how important the journals and photos were to Evan. He hadn't asked just why his friend wanted to destroy the childhood memorabilia but he figured there was no harm in letting Evan do as he pleased. Evan nodded. \"Yeah.\" He took the book of matches from his friend and drug one across the side of the grill, igniting it. Staring at the flame for a moment, he tossed the match on top of the journals, which caught fire quickly. Evan set the box aside, something inside catching his eye; he was surprised to see the paper with the words he had written to Kayleigh so long ago still resting in the bottom, having not fallen in with the other things. As the journals burned and photos crackled, he bent and picked the paper out of the box, studying it intently. Suddenly possessed with the idea that he was making a horrible mistake burning the journals and giving up his only chance to be with Kayleigh, Evan wished that he could pull the burning objects from the fire and stamp them out. Most of the entries would still be legible, he could still alter things and end up with his beautiful Kayleigh. Yet, he didn't move, didn't even flinch as he watched the covers of the notebooks begin to ignite. He loved Kayleigh and he owed it to her to give her a happy life, the life she always deserved. Evan's gaze went back to the paper he still held in his hand, the promise from so long ago, from a life he no longer lived and never would again. Evan tossed the paper into the flames, and it was engulfed instantly. He watched as the words I'll Come Back for You vanish into flames, thinking of how he had tried to keep his promise to Kayleigh. How could he have known, all those years ago, that not coming back for her would have solved all their problems. Evan hoped that Kayleigh's perfect life was going to fill her with happiness and potential. Most people only got one chance at life, one chance to make it perfect and livable. He had gotten five chances, he was damn lucky that things had ended up the way they had. The promise from so long ago turned to ash, blowing onto the gravel and melding with the dust, as though it had never been. Ashes to ashes and dust to dust , Evan thought as he watched his journals burn, the papers curling. The life he was living now was the one he would forever live and he was going to be damned if he was going to waste it wishing about the past. The past was just that, unobtainable, no longer anything but distance memories. No more solid then the ashes blowing in the wind. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: None of the characters belong to me. A/N: I had never expected for my first Butterfly E"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Perfect","Author":"NeuroticFiction","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8728625","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There it was, the very place I was scared to death of. Some dark part of me was terrified that I might end up in here again one day. I didn't know how I could end up in there; it was as if I was afraid I would do something blindly insane and have to be locked away. It's how Trent ended up here. \"You don't have to do this if you don't want to, I'm sure he will understand.\" Dad said beside me with his hands grasped at the steering wheel. \"No, I do. I have to do this.\" I replied. \"It'd be good to see him anyway. It's been too long.\" I rummaged through my busy purse past the many medicines and capsules until I finally groped my ventolin inhaler and took three big puffs with it, barely giving myself enough time to breathe the previous inhales. \"Are you sure?\" Dad asked, knowing that I wasn't taking the ventolin because of asthma. I seriously considered it for a moment, but stepped out of the car before I could think any further. My heart started pumping rapidly. I took another deep breath, struggling to convince myself that I was still sane and there was nothing to worry about. \"Skye, say 'hi' to him for me,\" Dad called. I nodded to him, faking a smile and turned back facing the building. St. Xavier's Mental Institute; I couldn't believe it had only been three years since I was released from here, yet at the same time it felt like I never left. I felt bad for two reasons: for leaving and for coming back. It was just my anxiety, I knew that, but even with every pill I popped in my mouth I felt no different about this place or who I left behind. I entered the building, my heart already started to feel like I was going to throw it up. I took another puff of my ventolin and bricanyl – it probably wasn't good for me to take both. \"Hi,\" I greeted the man at the front desk, pulling at my jacket nervously. \"I'm Skye Feldman and I'm here to see Trent Masterson.\" \"Bag please,\" he ordered. He looked surprised as soon as he opened my bag, and took out the majority of it which was mostly pills, tablets, liquid medicines and asthma puffs. \"Asthmatic, anaemic, anxiety disorder, hypoglycemic, arthritic…I have issues.\" I explained, pointing to each of the medicines. \"Turn out your pockets, please.\" I did so and took out another inhaler and my heart monitor. \"For heart palpitations,\" I added. \"I'm sorry do you have a doctors' certificate for these?\" It took him a while to get approval from the other staff members but I was eventually escorted through to a room with board games and people who made squeaking or moaning noises and swore abruptly. \"Trent will be with you in a moment. He might look tired; we just gave him his medicine.\" A nurse told me. \"Okay,\" I nodded. It didn't take me long to have another one of my short flashbacks to three years ago where I was in this exact room with Trent where we were playing connect four. November 14 th 2004 \"You're cheating,\" I smiled. \"You can't do that, a zigzag doesn't count as connecting four.\" \"What are you talking about? Of course it counts. It looks like a Pikachu tail.\" Trent replied. \"Yes, and I'm sure somewhere in Japan, you make an animator happy. But if that counts, so does my weird looking snail.\" We both laughed. We had our good days, and this was definitely one of them, even if we were stuck inside playing board games. Nurses would come every now and again to give us pills and fix Trent's drip, but it was as if no one was there. When we had our happy days, we were really happy. \"Hey guys,\" Jena greeted as she approached our table, twitching her shoulders and scrunching her eyes. \"Can I play?\" That was the last thing I remembered before I had Jena pinned to the floor as I swiped my fingernails down her face making her scream and writhe under me. \"Now Skye, calm down, calm down!\" a nurse urged me, pulling me off Jena. \"It's okay, let's go to Doctor Michael, alright?\" All eyes from everyone in the room were on me, including Trent. A couple of other nurses went to help Jena whose tics were going crazy and her face was bleeding from my inflamed scratch mark. \"What happened?\" I said, panicking as more nurses came to take me away. \"What did I do? Trent what happened?\" Trent stared at me in horror without a word. He only answered me by flicking his eyes over at Jena. The connect four stand was broken to pieces and the tokens were all over the floor. \"Oh my god, Jena I'm so sorry! I swear, I didn't mean to!\" Present day The blackouts used to happen to me a lot, but it had been three years since my last blackout. No one knew what it was, only that it was caused by stress and anxiety, so doctors told me to write what I did every day until the blackouts stopped. Instead of writing in a diary or taking photos of the day or something, I wrote everything to my pen pal in New Orleans, because honestly I was afraid of reading things over and remembering something awful I did to someone – or something awful that happened to me – and I just needed to talk to someone. Soon a nurse came in pushing a wheelchair with who I couldn't believe was Trent. He looked so much older even though he was only twenty. His hair was a lot shorter – he almost had no hair at all – all around his mouth was covered in a short prickly beard, resting under his nostrils was a nasal cannula that hadn't been cleaned in too long, his eyes were dark and red like he could fall asleep at any minute and he looked like he just didn't give a crap anymore. \"He's a little bit out of it, it might take him some time to properly wake up.\" The nurse explained before leaving. She was right. Trent was just staring at one spot as if he wasn't completely there. \"It's good to see you, Trent.\" I said. He still didn't move or talk. I tried not to be frustrated. \"Trent!\" I called without thinking. He suddenly blinked a few times, breaking out of his daydream, and his eyes finally focused on me. He began smiling at me. \"Hey,\" he grinned excitedly. \"Skye, I didn't know you were coming.\" \"I told them to keep it a surprise,\" I replied. \"It's so good to see you.\" I reached for his right hand, but when he looked at it, it took me a while to realise why he couldn't hold my hand. \"Sorry,\" I whispered, reaching for his other hand so he could hold mine. \"I forgot you can't feel that.\" \"It's okay, I just forget I have an arm there now.\" he shrugged. \"So, how have you been?\" \"Fine, I go to college now, I'm studying to become a historian. I'm just back for the holidays.\" \"So, you're going to visit a lot more?\" \"Yeah, of course. I've missed you and I want to see you more often.\" \"I'd like that.\" I wasn't convinced he was happy. I believed he was happy to see me but not as happy as I would have liked him to be. It was really starting to piss me off and I don't know why. \"I have something for you,\" \"You do?\" \"Mm-hm,\" I groped through my bag again for the hidden pamphlet crinkled at the bottom of the bag. \"That's…a lot of meds,\" Trent commented. \"Yeah, you know those meds I was had when I was here? I'm still taking them. It turns out asthma, hypoglycaemia, anaemia, arthritis and all that sticks to you for a while.\" \"And you're all good with it?\" \"Yeah, I'm not going to quit life just because of some sicknesses.\" \"Why?\" I just wanted to slap him for that. I couldn't believe how much he had given up in only two years. \"Because there's a world out there and there are things to do. Sitting around your whole life is a complete and total waste of your time.\" Trent looked at me as if I was saying the most ridiculous things. I hoped to god it was just his meds talking. He opened his mouth but stopped and sighed. \"What did you want to show me?\" Angry, I slapped the pamphlet on the table close to his reach. He picked it up and studied the pictures of the large two-storey beach house under the bright light of the sun. I could almost see the glimmer of joy in his eyes, but my heart slowly sank when I thought it was just me wishing too hard. \"What is this?\" he asked. \"That's going to be my new house, and yours too.\" I replied. \"My birth parents sent me some money and it turns out I own a beach house right near my college. Trent, I want you to come live with me. Your doctors said you're well enough to be released, your meds are just for your mental issues–\" \"You actually think I'm well enough to get out of here?\" Trent interrupted with a snap. \"No! I think you're preventing getting better so you can stay here and feel sorry for yourself. Let me tell you, it's not worth it. Trust me, I've tried. But you know what I did? I wanted to get over it and I let myself.\" \"I don't want to get over it!\" he shouted so loudly it startled me and a few others in the room. \"I know it sounds like a selfish thing to say, but I don't! This is who I am and this is how I'm going to stay – a fucked up cripple who can't feel the right side of his body.\" \"You're right Trent, that is selfish!\" I yelled. I was starting to cry hard now without realising until I felt how wet my face was. It took me a while to notice that Trent was crying too. \"Because instead of always being there for me, like you said, you've decided to give up, like you said you would never do!\" \"Well it looks like you're doing a damn good job without me.\" \"Shut up, Trent!\" I screamed. \"Grow a pair, pack your bags and please, for the love of god, come home. You have no idea how much it is killing me that I can't see you every day.\" \"Miss, we're going to have to ask you to leave.\" A nurse ordered. \"Five minutes!\" I barked without meaning to and turned back to Trent. \"I am not giving up on you. Even if it takes every second of every day for the rest of my life, I am not going to let you give up your life.\" Trent then turned on his wheelchair as if he was in a hurry to leave and wiped his tear-stained face with his sleeve. \"Trent!\" I cried. He stopped turning and just let himself cry for one long moment. I wanted so badly to run into his arms and hear him crying his apologies over and over again. Instead, he just turned to me and said \"You were right about what you said in the hospital; I should have died.\" I thought I would scream at him again but I just cried along with him. \"You know that's not what I meant.\" He stared at me for a long moment as if he desperately wanted to say something to me but couldn't spit it out. Say it please, just spit it the hell out! I thought aggressively. But he turned away and drove himself out until he was completely out of sight. \"Miss Feldman, are you alright?\" the nurse asked. I thought she only meant because of the fight I had with Trent until I found myself wheezing and coughing along with my heart palpitations sky-rocketing. I gasped in the strong puffs of my inhaler until I finally felt like I could breathe again. But that didn't mean I didn't stop feeling like I was going to die. A/N: Sooooooo what do you think? Please write reviews and let me know how I'm doing :)[Chapter 2] February 2 nd 1997 \"Skye, go upstairs and tell your brother dinner's ready.\" My foster dad ordered, taking another large huff of his cigarette. \"He's in the bathroom,\" I said, scribbling down notes in my green notepad. \"Then get him of there. I didn't ask you just to make conversation,\" I held back the death stare I had longed to give him and held my head up high heading upstairs. \"Trent, dinner's ready.\" I called, rapping my knuckles on the bathroom door. \"Dad keeps cyanide in the cabinet,\" Trent called back as if he wasn't even afraid if Dad heard. \"What's cyanide?\" I asked. \"Poison, we need to get rid of it. No wait, I've got a better idea. Let's feed it to him.\" \"What? Trent, open the door!\" \"Think about it, he treats us like nothing but shit and we just let him do it!\" \"Trent, open the d–\" He suddenly pulled me into the bathroom abruptly and locked the door behind us as if we were desperate to hide from someone. I guess we sort of were. \"Trent, what are you talking about? Put the bottle down!\" I said in a loud yet hushed voice. \"This can change our lives, Skye.\" He held the small bottle close to my face. This didn't even sound like Trent anymore. He was never this loud or passionate about anything. \"If we give him this our lives won't turn into shit and we can live happy.\" \"You can't talk like that. If Dad hears he'll beat you to a pulp,\" \"Then when he comes up here we can throw it in his face.\" \"Stop this! Listen to yourself, you're really talking about killing him? Just please put the bottle down and we can go downstairs and have dinner and pretend this never happened.\" \"Skye,\" he sighed deeply. He then looked at the bottle disappointingly and pulled the cork off. He raised the bottle as if he was making a toast. I couldn't believe what he was doing. \"If he won't take it, I will.\" \"Put it down, Trent!\" \"You would agree with this solution in the future. You'd know it was the only way.\" \"Stop it, Trent!\" He shrugged like he didn't care and raised the bottle to his lips. \"TRENT, NO!\" I shrieked. I pushed him to the ground causing the bottle to spill and roll out of his hand. I forced him away from the liquid as he fought against my hands pinned to his wrists. He tried kicking me a few times while screaming that this was the only way for us. But then, he stopped fighting and it looked like he went somewhere else for a moment. Then he blinked a few times and looked around him confusingly as if he didn't know where he was. \"W-what happened?\" he asked. I knew he was back to his old quiet self again. I got off him quickly. He stared around the room scared and confused and pushed himself away from the spilt cyanide all over the floor. \"Skye, what happened to me? I was talking to you in the lounge room just before and…I was just somewhere else!\" he stuttered, panicking. \"What happened?\" \"You said you wanted to kill Daddy,\" I mumbled. I helped him up and he just kept staring at the bottle. \"I don't remember,\" \"It's okay,\" I assured, hugging his shivering body tightly. And that's when I realised. Trent had what I had. I wasn't the only one who suffered from the blackouts. Did I really do things like that when I had a blackout? \"What are you two doing in there? Get downstairs now!\" Dad growled, making both Trent and I jump. \"We'll be there soon, we just spilt water on the floor!\" I called. \"Well hurry the fuck up or I'll give your food to the dog!\" We waited until we knew he was gone to talk again. Trent's breathing started becoming heavy and fast as he stared at me wide-eyed and his body still quivering. \"Trent, Ssh, it's okay. You didn't hurt anyone you just scared me a little. Let's just clean this up, go downstairs and we'll talk about this later. I promise, everything is going to be fine.\" I declared, holding his face securely between my hands. \"I–I…I,\" Trent choked, crying hard now. \"I d-don't remember,\" Present Day I assumed Trent didn't want to see me again for a while. I could have been sad about it but was still getting over the fact that who I saw was in fact Trent. He was just so different from the Trent I remembered. I didn't even get the chance to ask him how long it had been since he had a blackout. I wanted to know if his stopped like mine did or if he could remember anything. But after everything today, I knew it was the last thing he wanted to be reminded of. I threw my bag on the living room chair and sunk lazily in the couch, drawing out a long huff of breath. But I didn't relax for long when I noticed a suitcase at the corner of my eye. \"Gramma,\" I called, jumping up from the couch and commencing to the kitchen. \"There's a suitcase at the front door.\" \"Yes, there is.\" was all she said. \"Well, whose is it?\" \"You seriously have to ask?\" a voice said from behind me. The girl with long black hair tied in a neat ponytail smiled at me cheekily. \"Amelia?\" I exclaimed as we ran into each other's arms laughing. Amelia is my pen pal from New Orleans. When I started writing to her, I just chose a random name from the phone book and didn't hesitate to write everything I felt down. I wasn't worried that she would tell anyone because I didn't give her a return address until I was out of the mental institute. That's when I really wanted an answer back because I didn't have Trent to talk to anymore. We became really good friends and this was only the third time I had seen her. \"Bitch,\" she said teasingly, shoving my shoulders. \"Why have you stopped writing me?\" \"Hey, don't bite my head off, I go to college.\" \"Yes, reading crap about how the first president got a hangnail. Fine, I guess I can let that slide but you still forgot that I was coming.\" \"I can explain…I made plans to see Trent and I guess I just got distracted by that.\" \"Well, how is he?\" I opened my mouth to say something but pursed my lips closed. She seemed to have gotten the picture. When Amelia was serious, she was a really understanding person. \"Did you…bring my letters?\" I asked in a whisper. She looked as though she was expecting me to ask this and gestured upstairs and we both sprinted for the guest room. I sat on the bed and she glanced over at the door while searching through a bag as though to check to see if anyone was coming. \"Every single one of them,\" she replied, handing me a large file. I widened my eyes. \" All of them?\" \"Mm-hm,\" she nodded, sitting beside me. \"Thirteen years of letters just like you asked for.\" I started searching through the file but I hesitated and thought hard about what I was doing. Was I really ready to look back at my childhood? Did I really want to risk remembering things that gave Trent and me nightmares? \"Are you sure you want to do this?\" Amelia asked. I finally came to the conclusion and nodded. \"Choose one for me. I don't think I can start from the beginning.\" I closed my eyes as she picked one of the letters at random and read it quickly before handing it to me. \"This was only a few years ago when you were in the institute.\" Amelia explained. \"Just take a deep breath. Remember, no one's forcing you to do this.\" \"I have to read them sometime. Either I'm going to start now or I'm never going to read them.\" \"But what good is it going to do you?\" \"I don't know. Maybe if I read these I can just try and remember. I can't talk anymore, I have to do this now.\" I began reading before I could change my mind. \"November fourteenth two-thousand-and-four,\" I started reading aloud. \"Dear Amelia, I thought I was going to be put in a straightjacket today. Because when I had my last blackout I was attacking Jena for a reason I can't remember. It's a weird feeling being–\" Things around me began to shiver, but it stopped as soon as I noticed it. I looked up and Amelia to see if she had seen anything. But she was still listening to me intently. \"You okay?\" she asked. I nodded and continued to read. \"It's a weird feeling to be really happy at first and then at the blink of an eye you're so mad you could kill someone.\" Things started to shake again, rougher this time, but I kept reading. \"Everyone looked at me as if I had done something really terrible, including Trent. I hear whispers around the hospital saying they can't believe what I said. I wish I could remember what I said but in a way–\" Now everything was shaking violently. But the odd part was the words on the page were shaking unevenly to everything else. \"What's happening?\" \"Are you okay?\" Amelia asked again, she was still sitting casually looking at me concerned. Everything happened in a blink, and I was sucked into the words of the letter and suddenly I was sitting at a table with a 'connect four' stand and there were two hospital bracelets around my wrists. There were noises here and there around the room from low cries to sudden barking. I'm in the hospital. \"Skye,\" Trent said in front of me. His black hair was longer like I was used to and he looked a lot happier. \"So, do I win?\" I thought of every possible explanation. Oh my god, it's happened. I've actually gone insane. This is some kind of weird mental breakdown. Or maybe I overdosed on meds. Can you overdose on ventolin ? No, I've been in the mental hospital this whole time, and the three years ahead were just an alternate universe I made up in my head. \"Are you okay?\" Trent asked. I forced myself to calm down and think clearly. \"W-what's going on?\" \"Hey guys,\" Jena greeted as she approached our table, twitching her shoulders and scrunching her eyes. \"Can I play?\" That's when I realised why I attacked her (or was going to attack her). I had thought in the past that maybe it was because of her annoying tics or the fact that she wanted to be my friend when I wanted to be left alone for a little while. But I finally got it. I knew her from the foster home I came from. Trent's parents were originally going to take her under their wing but Jena didn't want to go so I went instead. It was her fault. My life wouldn't be so screwed up if it wasn't for her. Neither would Trent's. Because of her, our lives were now being lived in an insane asylum. I was so angry it began to scare me. \"You…\" I mumbled. \"What?\" Jenna asked, knotting her eyebrows in confusion. \"FUCK YOU!\" I screamed, smacking the 'connect four' stand across her face. As soon as she fell to the floor I didn't give her time to breathe. I pinned her down and began punching and slapping her harder than I thought I could. \"Fuck you! You fucking ruined us!\" I screamed in her face followed by other insults that involved the word 'fuck'. As Jena kicked and screamed under me while others just stared, I could see at the corner of my eye that one of the teenage patients was filming me on their phone. I didn't care. I was already in a mental home, what more could be done to me? Abruptly, I scraped my nails down Jena's face just before a nurse picked me up and spoke to me calmly as if I was only stressing out. \"Now Skye, calm down, calm down!\" the nurse urged me, pulling me off Jena. \"It's okay, let's go to Doctor Michael, alright?\" Suddenly, as quick as a flash, I was back in my room bolting upright as if I had woken up from a horrible nightmare. \"Thank God,\" Amelia sighed in relief, putting her hand to her chest. \"I thought you were dead.\" \"What happened?\" I asked. \"You were reading the letter and you passed out. Skye, I don't think you should read it anymore.\" \"I need to get on the computer,\" my mind was racing. I jumped on the spinning chair in front of my computer. \"No Skye, what you need is to rest. I saw it, your eyes were rolling back.\" I wasn't listening. I was too busy looking at every internet video under the words 'mental patients breakdown', 'mental patients fight' but it turned out my video was listed 'mental patients bitch tackle'. There I was on the screen tackling Jenna who was crying under me while I screamed 'fuck you' in her face. \"Oh god, it actually happened.\" I mumbled, snagging my bag from the end of my bed. \"I have to see Trent!\" ","Summary":" There it was, the very place I was scared to death of. Some dark part of me was terrified that I mi"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"Selfless","Author":"brooklynbridge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2091409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title- Selfless Author- Brooke Chapter One- This Movie's A Reality Genre- Drama/Romance Section- The Butterfly Effect Summary- Selfless. It was what he was. She was the only thing that he couldn't have without the consequences. So he gave up everything between them just so that he could save her. But, going back to the beginning, what would've happened if he had come back for her? –Evan at age 13- (Set in 2002 for the purposes of the music.) Disclaimer- I own nothing. If I did, I'd be out spending my millions. Enjoy! CHAPTER ONE[Chapter 2] Selfless Chapter Two Arguments and Bus Rides It had taken me a month to fully notice that I had to do something. I had spent 30 days sitting around my house waiting for something to happen. That was until I finally noticed… I had to do something in order for things to change. It was a Saturday morning when I walked down those stairs, ready to tell my mom what I had to do. I knew that she wouldn't completely agree with it, but I figured that maybe she would notice that this was something that meant a lot to me. I quietly walked down the stairs in my plaid pajama pants and a white T-shirt. I saw my mom sitting at the kitchen table drinking a coffee. It looked as if she was staring off into the distance, not looking at anything unparticular. \"Hey, mom?\" She turned around in her chair. From the expression on her face, she seemed sad and lonely. \"Uh, can I talk to you?\" I was so afraid she wouldn't want to talk to me at all. \"Sure, honey. Come sit down.\" She pointed to the chair beside her. From the choked up tone in her voice, I figured she'd been sitting there for a while… just thinking. I walked over to the table and took a seat next to her. She looked up at me in anticipation. It seemed like she was trying hard to look interested and up for a conversation. \"What is it, Evan?\" \"I uh…\" I stalled a bit. I was trying to find the right order of words to say this to her. Things were all so jumbled up in my head. \"I need to go see Kayleigh.\" The straight-forwardness in my voice surprised her a little. She looked around a little, trying to find words to reply. \"Uh… what?\" She couldn't think of anything else to say. I figured that that would happen. To try and lessen the tension, I spoke again. \"Can I go see her? Visit her? Can she come stay here for a while?\" \"Evan… I know you probably miss her but that's why we moved here-\" \"Mom! She's stuck at home with her dad! And Tommy… he's too busy getting into trouble to protect her! She has no one right now… I need to be with her.\" I came out of that proud of what I had said. My mom was lost for words for a moment. \"What's wrong with her being with her father? He's a perfectly fine father.\" \" NO ! No, he's not , mom! He beats her! He beats them both!\" I was screaming and I almost felt bad for putting all of this on my mom at one time. \" Evan … I think you're overreacting a bit. You're just making up these preposterous excuses for you to go and see her! But I'm sorry… I can't do that. This is the reason why we moved here- to get away from all of that and the life we used to live. We can start over here and have a new life… don't you see that?\" I sat there in disbelief that my own mother didn't even believe me. I was outraged. Pissed off. I wanted to get away. I knew that somewhere deep down, my mom wanted to believe me. But I knew that somewhere closer to the surface, she knew that if we started over and got away from all the chaos and blackouts and everything I was faced with back home, it would be better. We would be better off. We could live. But I couldn't live without Kayleigh. Later that night, I waited till she had gone to bed. I opened my bedroom window and climbed through onto the roof. I pulled my backpack out the window and threw it slowly on to the ground below. I carefully climbed down the trellis and onto the ground. I picked up the bag, put it on my back, and made my way to the bus station. The entire walk there, I had this huge rush of adrenaline. I could feel it flowing through my body as I felt the butterflies and excitement inside my stomach. I was so excited to see Kayleigh. I had to wait a while, since there aren't that many busses going around at 12 in the morning. Finally, it came and as I checked my watch it read 12:38 am. I looked around the bus for a place to sit. The only empty seats I saw were either beside a grungy biker guy, or an old lady. I went for the old lady. I took a seat and pulled out my journal. I'm on the bus to go see Kayleigh. I can't even explain how excited I am to see her. I snuck out of the house tonight so that I could meet her tomorrow. I don't know where I'm going to stay or what I'm going to do, once I find her. All I know is that I'll be with her, and she'll be safe… as long as she comes home with me. That is… if she will. I closed up my journal and rested my head back on the headrest. I could feel the old lady looking over at me. I sat up and looked at her. \"What?\" I said. Not exactly the most polite thing to say, but she was staring at me. \"What's a young boy like you doing on a bus at this time?\" She seemed old, but youthful. She had a somewhat cheeriness to her voice. \"I'm going to see a friend.\" She laughed a little laugh. \"And I'm guessing that your mother doesn't know,\" I shook my head. I guess it was a bit obvious that I had snuck out if I was on a bus at this time. \"She didn't exactly agree with me going to see her.\" \"A girl, huh? Your girlfriend?\" I laughed a small laugh under my breath. I wish. I shook my head. The lady nodded. \"So what's your name, boy?\" I was reluctant to tell her, but it didn't seem like it would do any harm. \"Evan.\" \"I see, Evan. Well, how come your mother doesn't agree with you going to see your friend?\" I couldn't tell her the truth. I don't think I could tell that story to anyone. \"She has something against her parents. There were fights between them and that's why we moved away.\" I personally thought it was a pretty good excuse. But, I guess it didn't fool her. \"Well, if you ever want to share the real story with me, I'll be glad to listen.\" I looked over at her, a bit surprised that she could tell I was lying. I thought of myself as a pretty good liar. Guess not. \"So, what's your name?\" She looked a little surprised that I had asked the question after that, instead of backing off and going to sleep. \"Gladys.\" A truly typical old lady name. I loved it. \"Well, it was nice talking to you, Gladys.\" She had a huge smile across her face. \"You, too, Evan.\" I smiled, rested my head back on the headrest and fell asleep. I woke up to find that it was morning, and we had finally made it into town. I opened my eyes to see the sun shining. Gladys nudged me a little. \"Time to go, Evan.\" I smiled, remembering our conversation the night before. I sat up and grabbed my bag from underneath my feet. I stood up from my seat and began to walk down the aisle towards the door. \"Evan!\" I heard Gladys' voice from behind me. I turned around to see her holding up my journal in her right hand. I laughed and walked back to my seat. \"Thanks.\" She smiled as I took the book out of her hand and continued on my way out of the bus. Once off, I pulled my bag off my shoulder and opened it up to shove the journal inside. I placed it back on my back and walked into the bus station. I found a bench and sat down. I glanced at my watch to see it was only 6:47 am. Too early to go see Kayleigh, but as I sat there I felt gurgles in my stomach. Food. I looked around the station for any sign of a café or a convenience store. I then saw a sign for a café not very far down from where I was sitting. I was surprised it was open this early. I walked in and bought a bagel and a coffee to wake me up. I sat down at a small table inside the café. Just as I did, I looked over to my left and noticed a girl with blond hair sitting a couple tables over, with her back towards me. She looked so much like… wait, it couldn't be her. What would she be doing here at this time in the morning? Could it be… \"Kayleigh?\" ","Summary":" Title- Selfless Author- Brooke Chapter One- This Movie's A Reality Genre- Drama/Romance Section- Th"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Georgia Nicolson the plan","Author":"rasberrypie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9767428","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sunday October 13th Back from Town Me and Jas have been out to day walking Angus . Iwas just in the middle of explaining to Jas that 1D are waaay cooler then The Wanted when we saw wet Lindsay walking down the street , in the most tiniest skirt I have ever seen . I said to Jas \"Since when has it become okay to wear a bikini Outside in OCTOBER?\" \" It isn't .\" \" Exactly wet Lindsay is so, so ... \" Wet?\" we both laughed at the same time. Then the most awful thing happened wet Lindsay actually had the nerve to budge pass me and practically ( i know disgusting even if it was just her shoulder its still disgusting) and spoke to me . \" Hello little girlie's , off to the park are we , I would love to stay and chat but i have actually got a life and besides I'm meeting Robbie in town at 2 o'clock\". Ugh she is soo rude . she turns a round and says 2 bye Jas , oh and Georgia Watch your back Robbie his mine\". How dare she. As soon as she walked away I had to tell Jas my plan. \"We have got to spy/follow her to town . \"Brilliant.\" Jas agreed. ","Summary":" Sunday October 13th Back from Town Me and Jas have been out to day walking Angus . Iwas just in the"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"behind the looking tree of love","Author":"rasberrypie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9767843","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1.45 In The Afternoon Me and Jas are both behind a bush just outside from ( don't have a spaz attack but yes) wet Lindsay's house, yes I said it wet Lindsay's house! \"Jas pass me the binoculars\". Jas always kept a pair in her bag for and yes I quote nature watching , that she sometimes does with tom I for one would never be seen doing that in my life not even with an sg. \"Tell me why again we are stalking wet Lindsay , wasn't it bad enough that last time we accidentally caught her in her thong\".She was right that was pretty much traumatising .\" Because Jas A. It's a chance to see if she really is going to see groovy Robbie and not just lying , B I wanna see where he hangs out oh and just because I know you have a lesie crush on her\". She gave me one of her owly stares then .\" I only have eyes for tom and I am sooo not the L WORD \". She whispers and hits me with her owl binoculars. 12.00 Still behind the bush stalking the ye oll wet one Me and jas are both eating some midget jems we got when we had a five minute break to the corner shop, we bought about 5 pounds worth and the guy behind the till started shouting \"too much , too much \" and then jas pullede out the money and said \" Nah im rich and pulled out her five pound\". 12.05 Its starting to rain so jas got out her emergency umbrellas ( honestly i don't know where she keeps them there huge , probably in her big granny knickers i guess). ","Summary":" 1.45 In The Afternoon Me and Jas are both behind a bush just outside from ( don't have a spaz attac"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"You Said it's Meant to Be","Author":"The Awkward Turtle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9368911","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This shuffle challenge is based on some works I have seen in the Clique archive of fanfics, so I decided to try it out, but instead in the Angus, Thongs, and Perfect Snogging section. These stories are all based focus on Robbie and Georgia's relationship. I do not own the idea for the challenge or Angus, Thongs, and Perfect Snogging and its characters. The Shuffle Challenge Here is what to do: 1) Choose a specific pairing/fandom/etc as your topic. 2) Put your iPod/Media Player/CD/iPhone on shuffle. 3) As each song starts, write the song and the artist, and then begin writing about your subject. You only have the length of the song to finish, though. 4) Most importantly, HAVE FUN! song: the fear artist: lily allen Both of them have big dreams. Robbie will stop at nothing to meet his dream of becoming a musician. Georgia, however, is more focused on gaining popularity. She's never been a name known around school or town. She thinks maybe, just maybe, she'll get her chance to shine in the outside world. song: all the pretty girls artist: fun. Six months. It's been six months since Georgia Nicolson and Robbie Jennings broke up and he still isn't over it. He knows boys constantly throw themselves at Georgia. But it's not like he hasn't had a fair share of women try to court him, either. They are all so beautiful, but each one comes with so many annoying, little flaws. He can't go out with this one because of her fashion sense, or that one because of her poor attitude. But what could he do? None of these girls could ever measure up to his Georgia. song: great dj artist: the ting tings They first acknowledge each other at the nightclub where he works as a DJ near the end of October. She's out with her three best girlfriends celebrating her twenty-first birthday. Her closest friend, Jasmine, or Jas as everyone else call her, points him out to Georgia. She claims he's had his eye on her all night long and suggests she goes and talks to him. Georgia appreciates her friend for helping her get out on the scene, but she's not very experienced with boys and quickly shrugs off the comment. The DJ and the dancer never speak for at least a week, but until then, they exchange glances across the floor as if they're the only ones that matter in the room. song: 50 ways to say goodbye artist: train This is so embarrassing. Georgia can't help but to think this every time she thinks of what used to be her relationship with Robbie. How is she supposed to tell her friends, parents, and worst of all, her classmates that her and her sex god boyfriend are officially broken up? She could always lie and say he's been tragically hurt and for his health, things just had to end, but she knows very well that would backfire quickly. She runs out of time to think once her mother speaks up at the dinner table. \"So love, how are you and Robbie doing?\" Georgia freezes. \"Well, you see...\" ","Summary":" This shuffle challenge is based on some works I have seen in the Clique archive of fanfics, so I de"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"The Hornmeister's Girlfriend","Author":"TheValiantStorm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9256038","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one: 9:20pm I am happily skipping through the valley of the totally loved up, and I have to say it's about time. Dave the Laugh aka the Hornmeister, actual asked me to be is girlfriend. Well actually, I asked him to be my girlfriend, but he totally agreed. He even dumped smiley Emma for me, and that's love because she was very smiley. I am positively lurgified with love, which is a lot nicer than it sounds. I haven't told anyone yet, but first to know should really be my bestest pally, Jas. 9:25 Phoned Jas \"Hello?\" \"Ah Jas, Mon petite idiot, guess what?\" She just huffed and went all Jasish \"What's got you in such a good mood?\" Sacre bleu does she not understand the fundamentals of the guessing game? Lord Sandra give me strength. \"Jas the whole point of the guessing game, is the actual guessing part.\" I pointed out, trying to sound sweet. After all, I am happy as a… happy thing, so I can't have Jas having the humpty dumpty with me, as she is my bestest pal- stupid fringe or no stupid fringe. \"I don't know Georgia? You perfected a new flame dance? What?\" I did that sighing thing. \"Honestly Jas, you are utterly crap at this game\" She practically flicked her fringe at me through the phone line \"God Gee, just tell me\" \"Alright, fine. I just wanted you to know that I am officially the sex kitty girlfriend of hornmeister, Dave the Laugh\" \"Well, you're over Masimo quick.\" Blimey O'riley's trousers, she's changed her tune \"Jas, I specifically remember you picking Dave over Mas anyway.\" \"Well yeah but-\" \"exactly\" She huffed (again) and went all jasish (again) before saying \"well, I'm happy for you Gee.\" \"Merci, I am officially out of the depressing bakery of love, and have caught the bus into the city of extreme snogging\" \"ok. Nite.\" \"night Jasy, love you\" She sighed, and then said \"I love you too, Gee\" 9:40 Phoned RoRo \"Rosie, guess what?\" \"You're marrying a Viking too?\" \"No, but I am totally the girlf of the hornmeister now,\" \"That's fabby Gee, but I have to go. Sven wants to show me his new pair of furry shorts\" Christ on a bike \"are they even furrier than the last ones?\" I asked She just laughed in a good way, if you like the sound of mentally insane laughter and hung up. I worry about her sanity sometimes. But still, I am even more worried about Sven's shorts. Like where do you buy those? Perhaps he makes them. Maybe he borrowed some of Angus' fur, its moulting everywhere, its revolting. How can I expect to be the girlfriend of the hornmeister if I am covered in cat fur? STAGLAG 14 8:00 AM Thank god I remembered to fill my pouch, because I will probably see Dave on the way home from school. Now that we're not 'just mates' I have to keep up appearances and all. RE Whilst Miss Wilson rambled, probably about her undying love for Rudi Keymer, the gang wanted to know all the goss about what went down between me and Dave. So keeping up the theme of our recent Rom and Jule performance, I wrote Forsooth, Egad! After Rom+Jul and Masimo went off to ye olde London, Davey toldeth me that he dumpethed smiley Emma for I, the sex kitty and we proceeded to doeth number foureth on the scale of snogging then I askethed him to be my girlfriendeth and he accepted. Bringeth oneth the snogging Which I think they all appreciated, until Wilson saw the note ad grabbed it. She read it in her head and went sensationally red, probably thinking about Rudi. She then threw it into the bin and gave us all 'a warning'. This followed with several rounds of disco dancing when Wilsons back was turned, due to our girlish tension. End of day The ace gang took special precautions to sneak into the loos, just before the bell to do the whole lippy, upside down blow drying skirt-rolling thing, in case we saw the guys after school. We managed to get past Lindsay, who still probably couldn't see due to her pink crying piggy eyes due to Robbie's departure. I pity her, because the sex god just left her whereas the sex meister was prepared to take me with him. Yet, even though I declined and we broke up, I got a lovely new hornmeister boyfriend, where she just has no boyfriend, ADM and no forehead. After Ellen actually considered stopping to pluck her eyebrows, I decided it was time to drag the Ace Gang out of the loos before Lindsay found us, and thankfully she missed us. And just as predicted, Dave, Tom, Declan, Rollo and Sven were all outside waiting for us. God Dave is gorgey. How could I not have noticed how irresistible he was sooner? I could have snogged him after that first stiff Dylan's gig we went to. But alas, I was blinded by the pretence of love with Robbie, and then Masimo. RoRo immediately ran up to Sven and they started practically doing number ten in front of my very eyes, which was disturbing. Tom and jas were all sickly and smiley, holding hands and what not. Ellen was being totally ditherspaz, and I could tell she was thinking about her eyebrows, and Jools kept rolling her skirt higher. But me no, me I would be cool. I Hoped. \"Hey there sex kitty\" God since when did his voice turn my knees jelloid, Jesus Christ. \"Hey Dave,\" Yes that was cool. Cooler than cool, cooliscious, god shut up brain! God he has a total sex smile, it's hard to focus. \"God Gee, I know I turn your knickers jelloid, but you could at least try to hide it\" he joked. And that was it really, after that I was just normal with him. Playing tickly bears and joking about comedy twisting and what not. And it was really nice. And for once I didn't feel like a goosegog around my mates and their snogees. Eventually jas and tom pratted off to compare vole spit or whatever, Rose and Sven went back to hers for snogging and snacks (probably at the same time) and Jools and Ellen went off with Rollo and Declan, which just left me and Dave on out Jacksies, rambling about the forest, that was the high street. He just smiled and grabbed onto my hand, \"come on sex kitty, I'll walk ya home\" And it was double really nice. With knobs on. And then he gave me a little kiss, barely a three on the snogging scale because he knew that my mutti was probably staring through the curtains, winked and said 'S'laters' which was nice. Masimo was all for kissing me awkwardly all around my face when my mutti and vati were there, which wasn't very nice. The snogging was good though, but not as good as Dave. He is quite literally, the lip biter extroadinare. I think I have all the horns for him, cosmic, general, particular, everything. I think I am actually in love with him. ","Summary":" Chapter one: 9:20pm I am happily skipping through the valley of the totally loved up, and I have to"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Angus, thongs and perfect snogging","Author":"Encantadora","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9314656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Angus, thongs, and perfect snogging first day of the loony bin (school) 2:00 p.m. i was going to a fancy dress party as a stuffed olive, seems kinda crazy. when i had managed to get down stairs by turning sideways, and out of the front door my cat Angus decided to have another \"call of the wilds\" episodes and my green tights were the prey, he/she really is bonkers! the difficulty came when i was trying to get my tights on when i had a massive piece of cardboard stuck to me. 2:58 p.m. finally, got to the front door and started to amble towards the party. dad was saying i was to young to be going to parties. I'M 15, I WEAR A BRA! \"Georgia, at least let me drive you there.\" dad went on and on at me about how dangerous it is to be walking around alone in the dark. omg everything about that is wrong, for one i can't even walk. i have to amble and sager it looks like i'm drunk! and two it is in the middle of the day, how in the hell is it dark? please tell me! and i don't want it crease my olive cozy. \"Just get in the car.\"dad i'm not being mean, i don't want to be seen getting out of your car, granddad has got a better car than you. i stak it (fell over) at the bus stop and people pointed and laughed. i quicken my passe and that just made it worse. why did i even do this? oh well at least i won't be the only one dressed like what you would find in the toilet. 3:45 p.m. \"Georgia, i won't tell you again. GET in the CAR!\" \"please dad, i have to make an entrance.\" i can see the front door of the party, so i look back and dad wasn't there. i shrug my shoulders and continue my journey to the house. i stumble through the front door of the party, i stand in the door way and everyone stairs. hahahahahaha! i sager towards Jass, Ellen and Julia knocking everything down in my path. wait a minuet, they were dressed in something else than what they were suppose to \"Jass, you were supposed to come as a cock tale sausage?!\" \"well, the cheese made me look fat and yellow washes me out.\" she looked around darting her eyes side to side \"And Ellen?\" \"well, i couldn't. my mom being a vegetarian and all.\" i roll my eyes and watch people mutter and mumble, i presume about me because they look at me while they talk. i start to feel sorry for myself, poor little lamb i am. 3:50 p.m. i couldn't stand it any longer, i had to get out of there. \"why are you so moody?\" Jass wondered \"why do you think!\" \"alright, don't be moody. anyway we didn't think you would come as a stuffed olive.\" \"Jass you are the one who help me make the cozy. \"sorry Georgia.\" \"wait Georgia!\" i stormed out of the party and legged it all the way home, i hated them and the party. i'm in the middle of sad city. 5:21 p.m. I see my front gate and throw the cardboard off and jump on it. mum and dad come out and open the gate so i see the chance to escape and dash to my room, avoiding any questions. i ram the door open so it bounces of the wall and closes with a slam. i dive on to my bed and throw all of my teddies off and rip the pics off of the mirror witch made a mark. i threw everything that had Jass, Jools & Ellen in it in the bin. 6:05 a.m. Libby jumps on me and wakes me up. \"Angus is missing you.\" she dumps Angus on my face, he meows and leaps on to my desk and then on to the draws and then on to the landing. i think he was playing the floor is lava. Libby laughed. there are six things very wrong with my life: 1.i have parents from the stone age. 2. my nose is the size of Jupiter. 3. i have a three year old sister who acts like a cat and may have peed some were in my room. 4. the summer hols is over 5. i'm very ugly and need to go into an ugly home 6. i went to a popular party dressed as a stuffed olive. :( well I've got to make an improvement on my looks and the first one shall be plucking my mono brow. now were did mom put her tweezers. she always hides things from me because everything that i borrow never seems to get replaced. i rummage around the room searching ... searching ... still searching ...still still searching. 7:39 a.m. ah ha, found them. in Dad's tie drawer? i yank at my eyebrow hairs OOOUUUCCCCHHH! I'v plucked two and i give up. maybe i should use i razor? put the tweezers in my draw and rush to the bathroom. i sit down at my mirror and then mum starts calling me. OMG, they never leave me alone. because they are in loozervill they want me there too, my life has just started and there's are over. right starting to shave in 3... 2... 1 ... Libby pushes me and says \"Georgia, mummy wants you.\"see mums too lazy to come up the stairs her self, her legs are probably to old. \"ok, tell her i'll be down in a minute!\" i look back up at the mirror to finish, OMG, HALF OF MY EYEBROW IS SAVED OFF ! i think fast and put my fringe in front if it. oh bugger. i'm in the middle of stupid and sad street. i shove the razor into my jewelry box and get dressed quickly so mum wouldn't suspect anything. 7:45 a.m i trot down the stairs to try and act normally and open the fridge, to find Angus eating the cheese. \"LIBBY, stop putting Angus in the fridge!\" she giggled and grabbed Angus and hugged him/her no way to tell. i get a plate and start to put my bread in the toaster. dad comes strolling in \"good morning munchkin.\" \"dad, i'm not a munchkin, i'm the new sophisticated Miss Georgia Nicholson.\" \"ok, stuffed olive?\" mum and dad explode out with laughter. honestly, just because of that stupid mistake. they can't let it go, seriously? \"Georgia, why is your hair so different? you looked better with your hair back.\" she came over and lifted up my fringe, my life is over. i shut my eyes and cringed. then waited for the sentence. \"you haven't have you?!\" mum widened her eyes \"What?\" dad started to pipe up \"she's shaved her eyebrow!\" i flatten my fringe and bite my lip. i look at Libby and then she slapped my hand and said \"Bad boy!\" mum chuckled and then frowned at me. \"Georgia, what is the rush of growing up?\" ","Summary":" Angus, thongs, and perfect snogging first day of the loony bin (school) 2:00 p.m. i was going to a "},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Angus thongs and the perfect snogging2: bezzies forever chapter 2","Author":"fanfick99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9953582","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter two : school I walked into the school gates when I saw the worst thing of my life. Wet Lindsay was all over my boyfriend. I was so angry I just made a scene and broke up with him. Anyway it was my fault for trying to get with someone older than me. Then Jas came to crying with mascara all over her face. I thought my day was bad but my friends were even worse. \"T-Tom I s-saw him k-kissing someone it wasn't even girl\". All of a sudden she bursts out in tears wow her day was bad. After that drama came some more, Ellen came crying but it wasn't as bad as Jas because she doesn't where make-up . \"D-Dave he w-was m-making out with T-TOM!\" Then she bursted out in tears. You'll never guess what. Rosie came in tear crying because her boyfriend was kissing one of his clients. I know what your thinking he does that for a living. This time he was making out with her behind the bushes unclothed\"You had a good not crying like rest of us\" Rosie pointed out. \"Actually I just broke up with Robbie\" *GASP* \"WHY you and Robbie were voted cutest couple?\" I told them that he was making out with wet Lindsay. Then I bursted out I to tears. \"How could guys fall for big boogie girls like Lindsay?\" We should kept sobbing until WL came along. \"Well look the lame gang or should I say granny underpants, single, little boobs gang\" she said . then in P.E. she made look at her thongs and her big boobs. Talk about wanting to peeve ","Summary":" Chapter two : school I walked into the school gates when I saw the worst thing of my life. Wet Lind"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"I Can't Sing, You Can't Dance","Author":"BurningCrashingRaining","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7505310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey, so here's my ATPS (Angus, Thongs, and Perfect Snogging) fic. As you can probably tell from past fics, I really love introducing OC characters. :D Yeah, this fic won't be any exception. Sorry, I just can't help it. XP But there won't be any fantasy stuff in this story. I'll be using ideas from both the book and the movie, and in both the book and movie I hate Ellen. No reason for it, no idea why, I just hate her. She will not be in this story, so if you are an Ellen supporter, don't read. The Ace Gang is going to be a year older than in the movie, so basically Year 11 turning 16, and Tom, Robbie, and Dave are Year 12 turning 17 (just like the movie). Cool? I'll be putting this in the book section because it will get more readers that way. Hopefully. Disclaimer: I do not own 'Angus, Thongs, and Perfect Snogging' in either book or movie form. That right goes to Ms. Louise Renson and whoever owns the rights to the movie. (It ain't me, losers. :D) As Georgia Nicolson walked through the gates that led her into the grounds of Stalag 14, she let out a sigh. She'd last been talking to Jessalyn about a week ago, and the other girl had told her that she was moving. It was hard enough already to find times to talk to each other. Jessalyn lived in California, and Georgia in England. There was an eight-hour time difference. The two had started communicating as part of a pen-pal assignment their schools had set up, and gone on talking to one another after the assignment had ended. Jas and Rosie had talked to Jessalyn from time to time themselves, and they had all agreed that if she lived there, she would be perfect Ace Gang material. The melancholy fifteen-year-old brunette walked past Tom, Robbie, Dave, Emma, and Lindsay not seeing the concerned glances the three boys shot after her. Tom was dating Georgia's best friend Jas, so he and she were good friends. Robbie and Georgia had bonded over a love of cats, and though she questioned his intelligence sometimes by his choice in dating Lindsay, they got along. Dave and Georgia had met through Robbie and Tom, and they clicked instantly. Dave made Georgia laugh harder than anyone else, but she didn't get along with his girlfriend, Emma. Georgia was looking for the Ace Gang, lost in her thoughts and sadness that she hadn't been able to talk to Jessalyn in about a week. So it was with a sense of shock and fright that she heard her name being screamed. \"GEE!\" A slender, five foot, nine inches girl sped down the hill, and through the gates of Stalag 14. She dashed through any small spaces she could find, and shoved through a group of three boys, and two girls. She vaguely registered a yell and splash, but her mind was focused on Georgia. She slammed into Georgia with a scream, and her arms squeezing the breath from her. Georgia caught the girl's face. \"Jess!\" After five minutes Georgia began to run out of air. She patted Jessalyn on the back. \"It's nice to see you, too, Jess, but um, I can't breathe. Not all of us have as much breath and energy as you do.\" Jessalyn pulled back with a giggle. \"Oops. Sorry, Gee.\" \"It's fine.\" Georgia waved a hand. \"Wait, what are you doing here? In England?\" \"I told you I was moving.\" Jessalyn grinned. \"You didn't say you were moving to England! And how did you get registered into Stalag 14 so quickly? We're two months into the year. And we have a waiting list!\" Jess shrugged. \"My dad has connections. Plus, he promised to donate to the school's library. The principal couldn't refuse.\" \"Principal…?\" Georgia questioned. \"Right, sorry. Headmistress.\" A cough from behind the two friends had them turning around, questioningly. \"Oh, Robbie! What happened to you?\" Georgia asked, trying to keep from laughing. A water-spattered Robbie glowered at her. Apparently her efforts to keep from laughing weren't going so well. \"Your friend shoved through us, and Lindsay got pushed into a puddle. She was screeching and when I tried to help her up, she splashed me. Don't laugh!\" He snapped when Georgia, Tom, and Dave started laughing. \"Thanks for showing me to my classes, Gee.\" Jessalyn said. \"It's fine, Jess. I still can't believe they have you taking Year 12 classes. You're not yet sixteen.\" \"It's because while I am too young to be Year 12, I was in 11th grade in the States which is the equivalent of Year 12 over here. I think, anyway. The whole system has me totally confused.\" Jessalyn laughed. \"Well, good luck, and the girls and I will see you at break. Meet by the library? I'm sure you'll know where that is already.\" \"I do, and yeah, I'll see you.\" And with that said, Georgia was off to her classes and Jessalyn entered the classroom. And then promptly stopped short. The water-spattered boy from earlier was in her class. Okay, so technically she was in his class. Jessalyn ignored the looks she was getting and headed up to the teacher at the front of the class. She handed him a slip of paper and spoke quietly with him for a few short moments while the students watched curiously. Mr. Norberton shook his head in what looked like amazement, and then pointed out a seat in the corner for her to sit in. Jessalyn smiled and thanked him. She accepted a maths composition book, and once she had sat down, pulled out a pencil and eraser. The pupils waited for their teacher to introduce the new student but were disappointed. \"Now, if we take away the parentheses, and divide the square root by ten…\" As Mr. Norberton started to explain the math problem written on the board, Jessalyn bowed her head and scratched notes in her composition book. The students stared at her, willing her to lift her head up and say something, but eventually turned back to the lesson. Mr. Norberton smiled to himself as he finished what he was writing on the board. He had just met his new student – a Year 11 girl from Southern California. She was too young to actually be placed in Year 12, but was taking Year 12 classes for the challenge. He had seen her test scores, and they were some of the best he had ever seen. He was thinking that he would ask her to answer the first question of the new lesson he was currently teaching, and introduce her that way. \"Right.\" Mr. Norberton lapped his hands, and turned around. \"Who can tell me the answer to the question on the board?\" He waited a moment. \"No one?\" Jessalyn tentatively raised her hand after looking around the room shyly. \"Miss…?\" \"Moure, sir.\" \"Very well, Miss Moure. The answer?\" \"Well, actually, I was just going to say that the equation has been written out incorrectly.\" \"I beg pardon?\" Mr. Norberton asked. The rest of the class exchanged looks. Who was she to tell the teacher that the equation was laid out incorrectly? Actually, who was she that she knew the equation was wrong? \"The parentheses shouldn't include the fraction cubed.\" \"I see.\" A pause. \"Do you know what the answer would be if the equation were written out properly?\" \"If it were written out properly, the answer should be thirteen over seven, next to two point seven nine three rounded up to the highest point, over eight to the fifth power.\" (No, NOT real. If it is, I have no clue. So please, don ' t tell me that that isn ' t a real equation/answer to an equation. I just want to make Jessalyn sound smart.) Mr. Norberton held up a finger, and searched the textbook for the answer to the equation. The students held their breath. \"…That is correct.\" There were sighs as students let out bated breaths of amazement. \"I presume you have done this kind of equation before?\" \"Yes, sir. I was actually studying calculus before I came over here.\" \"How about Trigonometry? Have you studied that yet?\" \"Mmhm.\" Jessalyn nodded. \"I've also done Algebras I and II, Geometry, and… I think that's it, actually.\" She smiled bashfully. \"Thank you, Miss Moure.\" And as the students sighed with disappointment, Mr. Norberton added, \"Would you like to introduce yourself to the students now? They have been very patient. I've certainly never seen them restrain for so long.\" \"Oh.\" Jessalyn was startled. It was clear that she hadn't expected the class to be so interested in her. \"Well, alright…\" She trailed off. \"I'm from Southern California. I have taken a large number of maths classes, and was placed in Year 11 for my age, but because my education is so advanced, I am taking several Year 12 classes. I can't think of anything else. Is that enough?\" \"How about your name, sweetheart?\" Dave shouted from the back of the room, causing students to laugh and high five him. Jessalyn flushed a light pink but retorted, \"Yur Adick.\" ( ' You ' re a dick. ' Get it? I ' ve said it to some boys before who were acting like Dave.) Before Mr. Norberton could reprimand her, the bell rang, and grabbing her bag, Jessalyn was out the door in one graceful swoop. Back in the classroom, Dave was sounding out her name. \"Yur Adick? Yura Dick? You ' re a dick! \" Dave grinned, triumphant on having sounded out what she said. \"Wait a minute… OI!\" Tom and Robbie smirked, and slapped him on the back. \"You got there eventually, eh Dave?\" \"Shaddup\", Dave groused as the remaining students in the class laughed at the expense of his pride. Jessalyn was looking down at her schedule as she wandered the empty corridors trying to find her next class. \"Bloody English schools. Why can't they ever give you a map to find your classes?\" She grumbled to herself. \"This school is so confusing. \" \"You know\", a boy's voice drawled. \"They say talking to yourself is the first sign of madness.\" \"And if you're already mad? What's the next clue, then?\" Jessalyn muttered, not looking up from her schedule. \"Admitting it, of course.\" He replied, not skipping a beat. \"Good reply.\" A moment, and then, \"You'll never find the classroom you're looking for if you don't look up at the room numbers.\" \"Well, if I had a map , then I wouldn't being having this oh-so-scintillating conversation with you. Look, can you just point me towards Room 58?\" Jessalyn looked up, only to meet the amused gaze of the boy from earlier. \"Oh. It's you.\" \"I think I'm the one who's supposed to say that. And by the way, you're heading completely the wrong way for Room 58.\" \"Gah!\" Jessalyn stopped, and threw her arms in the air. \"God?\" She asked sweetly. \"Why do you hate me!\" \"I can take you to Room 58, if you want?\" \"Please? …I'm sorry that I got you wet.\" \"Technically, you got my girlfriend wet, and she got me wet.\" \"Chain reaction starting with me.\" Jessalyn shrugged. \"…Your name isn't really \"Yur Adick\", is it?\" Jessalyn threw her head back and laughed. \"No, definitely not. My mom wasn't that high off the childbirth drugs.\" \"So what is your name?\" \"What's yours\", she countered. \"Robbie.\" Help! Need last name! \"Jessalyn.\" \"Nice to meet you, Jessalyn.\" \"Likewise.\" AN: And… finis! Whatcha think? Reviews are my life sustenance. Love! ","Summary":" Hey, so here's my ATPS (Angus, Thongs, and Perfect Snogging) fic. As you can probably tell from pas"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Lyndsay","Author":"Mrs.Alex.Gaskarth123","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6076486","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 3rd person P.O.V \" Why did he leave me? And for HER? \" were the thoughts running through Lyndsay's head. What's so special about her? She's so ugly and….. SHE'S NOT ME! I was perfect for him! Absolutely perfect. And then she came along and somehow stole him from me. I'm pretty and popular and one day I'll have big breasts. But I still don't get why I wasn't good enough for him. Lyndsay's P.O.V I'm sitting here thinking about why I wasn't good enough for Robbie, when the cause of my heartbreak walked right past me. Georgia… And then she stops and catches me staring. \"What are you looking at?\" she says rather meanly. \"A big pile of dung!\" I say back. \"I may be a big pile of dung,\" she says, \"but I'm a big pile of dung that has a hot boyfriend. But you know what you are Lyndsay?\" \"What?\" I ask. \"You are a fake Barbie. You have no real friends, no boyfriend, and no dignity left. You're nothing. Not even worth calling a big pile of dung.\" After she says that she leaves! Can you believe she has the nerve to say that to me? But what if she's right? What if everything she said was true? But it couldn't be… I have friends. So I am somebody and anybody who calls me a big pile of dung will regret that day for the rest of their lives. ","Summary":" 3rd person P.O.V \" Why did he leave me? And for HER? \" were the thoughts running through Lyndsay'"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Angus thongs and the perfect snogging2: bezzies forever","Author":"fanfick99","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9949402","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi this is yay first fan fick so go easy on me this is about movie/ book. Angus thongs and the perfect snogging 2: bezzies for ever. Jas is at my house we are having a sleepover. \" georgie if I were lesie would you still be my friend?\" asked Jas \" yeah totally unless its wet Lindsay \" I replied I don't know why she is asking questions like this these days. \"Why are asking questions like this all of a sudden?\"I felt really nosey asking that. \"Well because...\" she didn't get to finish because my mum said \"Georgia let your little sister play in your big girl games\" I swear sometime my mum really annoys me. \"NO call one of her baby friends!\". Oh my god all of a sudden she leaned in to you know what ! I was gonna do it back but instead I was stupid and went \" err what the hell are you doing and what were you going to say\" damn it Georgia damn it. \" oh nothing and was also gonna say nothing so yeah. I feel uncomfortable I'll ask you when you come over mine tomorrow\". She kept on leaning in when we were watching the movie and before we went to bed. Like the stupid me would do I ignored her. Argh I'm so angry at my self. That was my first chapter. I know i know its kinda short but the next will be longer. The next chapter is gonna be about Georgia is gonna dump Robbie so she go out with Jas and Jas dumps Tom so she can go out with Georgia. But will the rest of the Ace find out and how? ","Summary":" Hi this is yay first fan fick so go easy on me this is about movie/ book. Angus thongs and the perf"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Till Death Do Us Part","Author":"Edward Obsessee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5962714","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yes! Life is good! Not only do I have a Sex-God for a boyfriend, but we have tickets to see Lady Gaga tonight! Does it get much better? Still have to tell the 'rents, but it should be fine. Dilemma 1: What to wear? Dilemma 2: Should I mention it to the olds or not? As they are stone age, they might not let me go under the pretence that it 'is all for my safety' and yada yada yada. Think I better tell them, or I will be quarantined for life if they ever find out, because I can guarantee Jas would blurt something out, being the cabbage she is. Dilemma 2 solved, but that still leaves Dilemma 1. But anyway, better go chat to my delightful father. ","Summary":" Yes! Life is good! Not only do I have a Sex-God for a boyfriend, but we have tickets to see Lady Ga"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Small Talk","Author":"A Scarlet Rebel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6000791","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Small Talk Two friends, Robbie and Dave the Laugh, sat by the school, having a usual conversation outside in the courtyard... \"Hey, Robbie?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Do you ever think about nunga nungas?\" \"Dave, that's gross.\" \"What? Don't act like you don't think about things like that.\" \"Sure, Dave.\" \" Every guy thinks about that stuff. Or... are you gay ?\" \"What...? I'm not gay.\" \"Of course you're not. It's okay if you don't want to come out of the closet. I'm here for you, mate.\" \"...\" \"But, I'm straight. So... I won't be there for you in that department.\" \"Dave, you're insane.\" \"That may be true, but that's what makes me awesome .\" \"\"It sure does... it's actually quite amusing.\" \"Oh yeah. You're the musical, cat-loving ladie's man, and I'm the funny one. Nuf said.\" \"Yes, that pretty much sums it all up for you.\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"Yep.\" \"Yes sir...\" \"...\" \"What?\" \"This is a pointless conversation.\" \"But that's what makes us buds! Our pointless small talk!\" \"True, very true.\" \"Hey... can I ask you something, Robbie?\" \"Yeah, what is it?\" \"How come you can get more girls than I can, but I'm the funny one? Girls like a sense of humor!\" \"Yes, but they also like maturity and eye candy.\" \"Are you calling me ugly?\" \"It wouldn't kill you to join a gym.\" \"Oh, so now you're calling me flabby?\" \"You just need to get some muscle on those bones.\" \"Now I'm weak?\" \"That's not what I meant-\" \"And how come you said girls look for maturity like I'm not mature?\" \"Sometimes you can be immature.\" \"And what exactly do you mean by that? \" \"Oh, come on, Dave. This whole conversation started because you talking about nunga nungas!\" \" Again with the nunga nungas?\" \"You brought it up...\" \"... I like my nunga nungas floppy.\" \"That's what I meant by immaturity.\" \"Don't act like you never think about it... you were dating a girl with fake boobs, probably just because of their size... those fake ones were pretty big-\" \"That's not true, I wasn't dating her because of that. And do you still have those? You know... the fake ones you were speaking of that Jas threw out at you...?\" \"... Maybe...\" \"And does your new girlfriend know?\" \"No, I don't believe Ellen knows...\" \"Oh wow.\" \"Yeah.\" \"You do realize that is just a little creepy, right?\" \"That I kept Lindsey's fake nunga nungas? Yes, I realize this.\" \"... Dave, you sound like a pedophile.\" \" That's probably why girls don't like me...\" \"Well, why do you care about other girls? You have a girlfriend.\" \"But it still bothers me that other girls picked you over me... like Georgia.\" \"But Ellen accepts you as you are. Why do you need to worry about other girls?\" \"I don't know... it just bothered me.\" \"Well, I accept you, mate.\" \"Really? You mean that?\" \"Are you going to start crying ?\" \"I was being dramatic, idiot.\" \"Just making sure.\" \"Yeah, I wasn't really going to cry.\" \"Okay, thank you.\" \"...\" \"Dave?\" \"Huh?\" \"You do know that I'll always be your best mate, right?\" \"Yes, I know that Robbie. But thanks for reminding me.\" \"Why did you just put your arm around my shoulders dramatically?\" \"I don't really know... just felt like one of those dramatic friendship moments. Like in the movies.\" \"Okay then.\" \"Yeah...\" \"So, Dave. Shall we now walk dramatically in the distance back to the school?\" \"We shall, my friend. We shall...\" \"That sounded creepy.\" \"I know...\" ","Summary":" Small Talk Two friends, Robbie and Dave the Laugh, sat by the school, having a usual conversation o"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Being a Teenager Is Hard Work!","Author":"TeamJacob2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5909120","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Monday 19 th April 4.30pm Day from hell. First day back at the dump (i.e. school) after the Easter Holidays. It's always hell first day back after a holiday. You get so used to lying in bed all morning and taking it easy, with school its up at 7.00 ( urrrgghh ) and then you have to drag yourself down to a place you don't want to be ( double urrgghh ). And to make things much better I had physics with Tight-Trousers first period. Yippee!!! Not. He really should get some baggier trousers. I really ( and I speak on behalf of the whole class ) do not want to see the outline of his private parts thank you very much. He skips around the classroom like he's a loony. He tries to be funny but he is seriously not. I don't get it why are teachers so strange. They must come from a different planet. I mean who in there right mind would want to work in a school after spending 12 years at school!! And that's not even including kindergarten, college and Uni! Mad people! 6.45pm Eating a chocolate chip cookie. Mmmmm.....Yum. 6.48pm Oh crap, now I'm gonna be fat! 7.00pm I wish I was 6 years old again; baking cookies, singing songs, skipping, tamagotchi's ( how cool were they?!?! ), rolling down hills. All without a care in the world. No worries about spots, braces, puberty, exams, work, relationships. Bloody hell, thinking about it, being a Teenager is HARD work. 11.00pm Was just nodding off to sleep when suddenly, Crap!!!!!!!! 3 pieces of homework due for tomorrow!!!! EEEEKK! 2.16am Must finish homework. I cannot have detention tomorrow! My mum will have a cow at me! ( haha that expression makes me chuckle ). 3.19am Woops fell asleep at my desk. 4.02am Finished. Woo !!!!! ... Woops... got a bit over excited and accidently knocked my glass of water over the desk!!! Crap! I can hear someone coming...I must run and pretend to be asleep. 4.05am I'm getting good at this! My mum didn't even notice I was actually awake!! Muhahahaha! Note to self: Get a career in acting Now I must get too sleep. I've got just under 3 hours 'til I have to be up ( grrrrrr ). The last thing I want is too fall asleep in class especially because I will already be in the teacher's bad mood after handing in a kinda soggy crumpled piece of homework. GoodNight x ","Summary":" Monday 19 th April 4.30pm Day from hell. First day back at the dump (i.e. school) after the Easter "},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"A Real Love Song","Author":"McFan of Dougie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5647057","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello readers! This is going to be a short little one shot. I've decided that I'm way better at doing a one shot than a story where I feel like I have to post seventeen billion chapters. (: for now, this will remain a one shot, unless I decide in the future to make it longer. I dunno yet. Anyway! Enjoy this little ficlet! The cool London air burned against my face where the stage lights had just previously been, causing me to gasp slightly from the harsh contact. Acoustic guitar in hand, I slammed the pub door closed and sunk to the ground, a rough hand running through my once attractive hair. My hair used to be neatly un-neat, the rocker look of 'I just woke up and my hair seems to be perfect' that most boys pined after. I seemed to have come across it naturally. But all I could do now was get up in the morning and hope that I didn't have a nervous breakdown; they seemed to happen more often than I wanted. For the first time in my life, I had just been booed off a stage, I didn't know what was wrong with me. When I thought I had my 'sound' figured out, some crummy music producer would decide to tell me that it wasn't rough enough or wasn't real. You know the sound I'm talking about, those heart breaking songs about how stupid love was or how I had once been in love. They're never true. No matter how attached someone may get to a song that they think 'speaks' to them because they'd been through the same thing once is just a bag of complete bullshit. Rocker boys don't write love songs about actual love experiences. They write songs that they think girls have been through so that they'll get more money and more fans. I couldn't think. The blood was pounding so hard in head that I couldn't even hear the taxis, the people talking, or the manager of the pub telling me to come back in so I cold get my pay check that would barely get me a meal and a brew. I sighed as I stood up, wiping my sweaty face with the back of my hand. I knew the guy expected me to come back in, but there was no way I'd be able to even be inside the place that was full of Robbie hating non-fans. Turns out, not too many people are fond of a twenty two year old guy screaming profanity into the microphone because he was too drunk to control himself. I looked at the balding, fat man standing in the door way, yelling at me to hurry up, and I chuckled. It was the closest I'd gotten to a laugh in a while. I gave him a nice little salute and turned away from the pub, staring at the people holding onto each other as they stumbled along the sidewalk. I didn't even turn back to get my jacket that was inside the pub at the table where my ex-girlfriend sat. I knew Georgia would be pissed at me; yet again I had broken another promise. I guess she doesn't like the fact the she was in love with a no college degree struggling musician. At the thought of Georgia, a smile crossed my lips. I was finally free. No more hearing her complain about the girls that surrounded me constantly or the fact that I would come to her dorm wasted off my ass to fool around. I could do whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted. She was too young for me anyway. Maybe she'd be useful for one thing and help give me the inspiration for a crappy love song about what not to look for in a girl. I know some teeny bopper fan girls might like that. The thing that confused me was how I put up with her for so long. She wasn't pretty; what she lacked in the looks category, she made up for in the annoying, jealous, obsessed, and whiny categories. She was, after all, a crazy-in-love college freshie. All I knew was that I no longer had to think about her ever again. The only thing I wondered about was that I had broke up with her right before I went on stage. Was it a coincidence or major attack of karma that made me suck horribly? It was getting way too cold out, even for a naturally warm person like me. I wrapped my free hand around the top of my other arm; the thin sort-sleeved t-shirt I was wearing blocked very little of the wind that was whipping through the city streets. Pieces of my dark hair were poking into my eyes, adding to my current irritation. My pace had gone from a slow, blissful stride to a quick walk; I was thinking that if I moved faster that not only would I get home quicker, I would also get warmer. It was working slightly when I had picked up my pace to a semi-slow jog that I heard a soft female voice. I listened intensely, trying to find out where the singing was coming from. I looked all around the street I was walking on and saw nothing. The low street lights cast shadows onto the black road while I peeled my ears for the voice; it had gotten louder, so I must have been close. I looked in alleyways I passed and still saw nothing. I didn't know what I was doing. Why in the world was I searching after a singing girl that could possibly be a loony bird? Because it reminds you of why you love music , the voice in the back of my head responded. I shook my head, trying to clear all my thoughts when I saw a figure sitting on a bench. Immediately, I knew it was her that was singing, the voice had gotten louder and I saw a guitar in her hands. A veil of hair was covering her face, and before I could stop myself, I had begun stumbling towards her, entranced by he lovely music. I guess she heard my loud footsteps because she looked up after I had walked about two feet closer to her. She had a pointed face, red hair that was all choppy and long-ish, and a pair of the prettiest green eyes I'd ever seen. The light from the street lamps shone onto her face, not only making her eyes seem even more beautiful, but pointed out the lip ring on her lower lip. I couldn't understand how she was sitting in the cold wearing nothing but a leather jacket, t-shirt and blue jeans. But she sat playing as if the cold didn't faze her and she glanced at my face. A smile spread onto her face, her eyes intoxicating my mind, causing me to smile back in return. The girl gently pat the bench seat next to her, indicating me to sit down. Not that I complained any. It had been way too long that I had felt guilty for looking at other girls like I was looking at her. Yet I stayed put where I was standing. \"Hey,\" she said, her emerald eyes twinkling, \"you can come sit, if you'd like. It's awful lonely by myself.\" I looked at her feet, an open guitar case sat holding a couple dollars of loose change. I pulled a crumpled dollar bill out of pocket and walked over to the bench, throwing it into her case. She looked at it and stopped playing. \"You know, you could buy me a drink with that dollar instead,\" she said, a smirk playing on her lips. She reached into the bag next to her, pulled out a lighter and a cigarette, and blew a small cloud of smoke into the air. I smirked. We're more similar than I had expected us to be. The closer I got to her, the more I could see about her. The freckles on her nose, the dove tattoo on the side of neck. I laughed shortly and stretched my hand out. \"I'm Robbie,\" I said slowly. It was the first time I'd talked to a pretty girl without thinking about making Georgia mad; my voice sounded weird. She smiled. God, did she have a beautiful smile. \"Macy,\" she replied and placed her cool hand in mine. We shook, not breaking eye contact. \"With all this money I've made tonight,\" she laughed, \"I could maybe buy us both a McDonalds meal.\" \"Are you seriously willing to go out to eat with a guy that you know nothing about?\" I asked, surprised. \"For one, I know that your name is Robbie, so I do know something. Two, it's not anywhere nice, it's just the Mickey D's around the corner. And three, you don't look like a rapist and you're cute, so I'm willing to take my chances.\" With a wink, she grabbed the little bit of money out of her case, placed her guitar in it, took my hand, and we walked in the opposite direction I was originally headed. I stared at her as we walked, astonished that she was so straight-forward. Not that it was a bad thing! Just… different. The sun was slowly beginning to rise; I had no idea how late/early it actually was. Our hands hung loosely between us, her hand was so small and fit into mine with ease. Macy rambled on about something or another and, after many years of practice of ignoring Georgia, I knew when to nod or say 'yeah' or something along those lines. \"Are you even listening, Robbie?\" she questioned, a smile on her lips. I chuckled out of embarrassment. \"Honestly? No. Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are stunning?\" I asked, not really thinking before I said anything. She bit her lip. \"Well, now you have, and that's all that matters at this moment.\" My heart almost flew out my body when she looked at me after she said that. Macy's tiny fingers wrapped tighter around mine, and I knew that this was no Georgia that I would be eating a hamburger with. I had been playing my guitar for about half an hour when I saw the most beautiful eyes in the world. They were the blue you expect to find in the crayon box, the shade of blue perfection. It took me by surprise; I don't normally see attractive guys walking around by themselves at this time of night. Normally they have some slaggy looking girlfriend clinging onto them like glue. He looked cold. A gray t-shirt was attached to his skin by sweat and his hair was sticking up awkwardly in places, but it was cute. He looked completely exhausted, black circles under his eyes. the only part on him that didn't look like it was in pain was his smile. The boy's eyes seemed locked onto my face while mine were locked onto his smile. His teeth were perfect, happiness seemed to be oozing out of his mouth as he looked at me. I wanted to talk to him, get him to know me, I wanted to understand him. He was beautiful. I pat the wooden bench with one of my hands, I wanted him to be near me as soon as possible. My teeth lightly tugged on my lip ring, a nervous habit I wanted to break along with my smoking. \"Hey, you can come sit, if you'd like. It's awful lonely by myself.\" I smiled to him, waiting for him to come sit. The more time that passed by, the more impatient I became. The boy reached into his pocket and got out a wrinkled dollar bill, then threw it into my case. I stared at it and smirked. \"You know, you could buy me a drink with that dollar instead,\" I said and got out a cigarette. It'd been a while since I last smoked. \"I'm Robbie,\" he said suddenly, causing me to smile. I took his outstretched hand and shook it lightly. \"Macy,\" I said, looking into his pools for eyes. \"With all this money I've made tonight,\" I said laughing, \"I could maybe buy us both a McDonalds meal.\" I didn't want to freak this guy out. I just wanted to get to know him. God, he was gorgeous. \"Are you seriously willing to go out to eat with a guy that you know nothing about?\" he asked, a surprised look appearing on his face. \"For one, I know that your name is Robbie, so I do know something. Two, it's not anywhere nice, it's just the Mickey D's around the corner. And three, you don't look like a rapist and you're cute, so I'm willing to take my chances.\" I winked at him without thinking and grabbed all the money out of my guitar case. I put my guitar into the case and took Robbie's hand, surprised at how rough it was. The calluses rubbed against my finger tips and I smiled. I could tell that he wasn't listening to me. I could feel his eyes on me as we walked the block or so to McDonald's, but I didn't mind one bit. I wasn't even talking about anything important; i was talking about my music and such. Nothing major. \"Are you even listening, Robbie?\" I asked him, smirking. He blushed a bit and chuckled. Aww, I made him embarrassed. Whoops. It's a good thing he's completely adorable when he get embarrassed. \"Honestly? No. Has anyone ever told you that your eyes are stunning?\" he asked out of nowhere. I bit my lip shyly. No one of importance had ever told me that before, no. \"Well, now you have, and that's all that matters at this moment.\" I said as I wrapped my fingers tightly around his. Robbie took a deep breath and wrapped his arm around my shoulders, our hands still intertwined. \"You know, if I hadn't completely sucked at the pub I just played at, I would have never met you,\" he thought out loud and I laid my head onto his shoulder. \"How lucky am I that you suck?\" I asked his smartly, earning a small kick on the butt from his foot. \"For just meeting you, I feel good.\" I smiled as he opened the door to the resturaunt. \"I feel the same,\" he said blushing as we walked up to the cashier to order our food. We quickly ordered and had a small fight over who was paying (he ended up winning that argument) then chose a small booth to sit at. Robbie grabbed a fry and shoved it into his mouth, like he hadn't eaten in days. \"Hungry much?\" I asked sarcastically and threw a small fry end at his face. It bounced off his forehead and landed in the small cup of ketchup we had gotten. I chuckled and he threw a different fry at me. And The Fry War had begun. We spent a good five minutes throwing fries (ketchuped and non-ketchuped) at each other, laugh hysterically in the process. After we ran out of fries, we obviously stopped, not having enough money to buy more. We sat in that booth for a couple of hours, watching all the business men and women coming in at six in the morning to order a coffee and a hashbrown, holding hands the whole time. As he went and refilled our sodas for the fourth time that morning, I watched as he mixed my Sprite, Coca-Cola, and Dr. Pepper together the exact way I liked it. I smiled as he sat back down. \"What? Is there something on my face?\" he asked with fake concern as he put my drink in front of me. \"Your eyes are stunning, too. The blue is perfect.\" I said, taking a long gulp from my drink. He placed a hand on my cheek, stroking back a piece of hair that had fallen into my eyes. \"Well then, I guess we're a perfect match.\" Robbie and Macy stayed together for four years before they got married in the fall. Georgia didn't attend the wedding, but became the president of Robbie's official fan club. Robbie and Macy became the new Sonny and Cher (so to speak) having numerous hit singles until she became pregnant. Robbie continued to make music to keep their twins, Nate and Iveigh, from having to live on the streets. His most popular songs were the ones he'd written for Macy. Turns out, rock stars really do write real love songs from the heart. R&R; por favor y gracias! ","Summary":" Hello readers! This is going to be a short little one shot. I've decided that I'm way better at doi"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Invisible Elephant","Author":"i am shunpike","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6079056","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Over the past year, something had changed between them, and it had taken a good deal of time to realize what it was. There was no placing exactly when it began, or how, but to Ellen, the place that stuck out earliest in memory was the locker room. That was where, one day, this invisible elephant had walked into her life and hadn't left. That was over six months ago. On an average September day, the Ace Gang finished their lunch and descended to the changing room to get ready for P. E. Normally Ellen, however modest she was in any regular setting, wasn't the kind of girl that became embarrassed and hid in a corner while changing. Today, though, something was off — literally and figuratively. Ellen had recently tried out for the girls' field hockey team, a mark of a growing independence she'd surprised her friends and family with as of late. She had been accepted onto the team, and today was her first practice. Running ahead of the casually strolling Gang, Ellen made it to the locker room first and was half-ready before any of the rest arrived. Appearing in the doorway, Georgia headed the group, and, seeing her, Ellen nearly fell over. \"You little spaz! Thought you'd be gone before the rest of us, eh?\" Georgia's accusation came with a laughing voice and raised eyebrows. Walking over to a hook on the wall, she hung her knapsack up and proceeded to pull clothing out of it. Jas and Rosie followed suit, still giggling about something Peter Dyer had said to Rosie the other day. Now finished dressing, Ellen grabbed her sneakers out of her bag and began to put them on. She met Georgia's face with raised eyebrows of her own. \"Today's first practice, remember? I can't be late!\" \"I know that! Why d'you think we're here?\" Georgia gestured to the rest of the Gang. \"We want to support you.\" With this, she reached over and patted Ellen's shoulder for the space of a nanosecond. Ellen suddenly felt as if her stomach wasn't there. \"I can't imagine playing a sport,\" said Rosie from the corner. \"And those girls are tough! I'd be all roughed up by the end it, I don't know how I'd keep up.\" Ellen gave a noncommittal shrug and began putting on her knee guards. Facing the mirror, she caught sight of Georgia's reflected back as she changed shirts. She suddenly tensed and dropped the knee guard she'd been holding. Eyes wide, she was pulled away from what she saw in the mirror by the sudden clattering sound of plastic on tile. She looked over the floor for it and reached down to grab it. She saw a hand take it and barely had time to see whose it was before the item was pushed into her own. \"What's up, Ellen?\" asked Georgia, now in a new shirt, as she handed Ellen the knee pad. Suddenly without voice, Ellen did the best she could to mutter, \"Just a bit nervous.\" \"You'll do fine. You're on the team, aren't you?\" Georgia smiled encouragingly and went back to changing. Jas added, \"Yeah, you will. You were the best at tryouts. Well, besides the Bummer Twins.\" Her face now took on a slightly blank look. \"They've played every year, haven't they?\" Georgia turned to glare mildly at Jas as Ellen gulped. \"Yeah, that's really what she needs to be thinkin' of, Jas: the Bummer sisters.\" She rolled her eyes and pulled out a fresh pair of socks. Ellen turned and pulled on her right knee guard, avoiding watching Georgia's further changing. Out of the corner of her eye, though, she noticed as Georgia, instead of sitting, propped her foot up onto a bench to put her shoe on. Georgia's skort moved up her leg slightly and Ellen looked away. She walked over to her knapsack and took her mouth guard out of a pocket, taking a deep breath before shoving it in. \"Nice! You really look the picture!\" said Jas. Ellen smiled, a difficult thing to do with the mouth guard in place. Rosie snorted in laughter. As she turned to leave, she stopped at the door and said, in a muffled voice, \"Wish me luck!\", met with a general cry of encouragement from the Gang. She turned and pushed through the doors, feeling more frightened than before, for more reasons than one. ","Summary":" Over the past year, something had changed between them, and it had taken a good deal of time to rea"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Stars Fade Away","Author":"freddiebenson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5870775","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own anything. Oh, and I purposely changed Jas' name to Jazz because it seems cooler. We wait. For dawn to come. With a person I had barely interacted with before. Robbie. I lay here, with you, all night, thinking, 'How did I get here with you?' I didn't know. I didn't care. I was Jazz. Of course I didn't care. All I cared was that I was with you. Robbie. We didn't talk. We just looked into each others eyes all night. I was never bored. Not for one moment. I can feel my body pressed against his. I smile. It couldn't be better than this. Because I'm with you, watching the stars fade away and light beginning to streak across the sky. It was the perfect moment. Because I was with you. I wouldn't want it to be anyone else. Thank you. For being here with me. I love you Robbie Jennings. I hoped you liked it! Please review! ","Summary":" I don't own anything. Oh, and I purposely changed Jas' name to Jazz because it seems cooler. We wai"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Valentines day with Robbie and Georgia","Author":"hiddencrush","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4975426","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Random moment Robbie layed on his bed upside downntalking to his best friend who was conveniently a girl about what tonget Georgia for Valentine's Day, \"Meg, I don't know what to getnher, I want it to be special\" he complained, \"ok\" she saidnslowly. 5 minutes went past , \" well?\" he asked , no responsen, another 3 minutes went past , \" earth to Meg\" he echoed , \"nSHUT THE HELL UP ROBBIE!IM THINKING!\" she shouted , he shrinkednback , he loved his best friend but she scared him sometimes. \"OH! I GOT IT!\" she exclaimed,n\"what?\" he asked excitedly, she beckoned him over with her hand,nshe whispered her idea into his ear, a grin spread itself across hisnface, \"Meg, I love you , you're a genius\" he praised , shengrinned , \" I know I am ,it's why you love me\" she smirked. NEXT DAY – Georgia Opened her door the nextnmorning and smiled when she saw Robbie there , He handed her 12nroses , 11 real , 1 fake . she smelt them and sighed. He took onenof her hands and intertwined their hands , \" Georgia Nicholson , Inwill love you until the last one dies\" he said passionately , Shennoticed that one stood out from the rest , it was the fake one , shenunderstood the meaning of the sentiment and almost melted . She wrapped her arms around hisntorso in a tight hug , \" Robbie , That is the sweetest thingnanyone has ever said to me!\" she said , her voice cracking from thentears of joy that were pouring out of her eyes , \" Oh I havensomething else to show you!\" he said as he grabbed his guitar ,nthey both took a seat on her front porch steps and she listened as henstarted to play , Ifnthe heart is always searching, Can you ever find a home? I'venbeen looking for that someone; I'll never make it on my own. Dreams can't take the place of loving you, There's gotta be anmillion reasons why it's true When you look me in the eyes, And tell me that you love me. Everything's alright, whennyou're right here by my side. When you look me in the eyes, Incatch a glimpse of heaven. I find my paradise, when you looknme in the eyes. How long will I be waiting, to be withnyou again Gonna tell you that I love you, in the best waynthat I can. I can't take a day without you here, You're thenlight that makes my darkness disappear. When you look me innthe eyes, and tell me that you love me. Everything's alright, when you're right here by my side. When you look me in theneyes, I catch a glimpse of heaven. I find my paradise, whennyou look me in the eyes. More and more, I start to realize, I can reach my tomorrow, I can hold my head high, andnit's all because you're by my side. When you look me in theneyes, and tell me that you love me. Everything's alright, when you're right here by my side. When I hold you in mynarms I know that it's forever I just gotta let you know Innever wanna let you go Because when you look me in the eyes. And tell me that you love me. Everything's alright, whennyou're right here by my side. When you look me in the eyes, Incatch a glimpse of heaven. I find my paradise, when you looknme in the eyes. If the tears weren't flowingnbefore they were now , she leaned forward and kissed him , he kissednher back with more passion then she had ever had before , when theynfinally broke apart she grinned at him , \" I love you Robbie \"nshe said , \" I love you too Georgia\" he replied. They spent the rest of the day justnenjoying each other's presence. How do you like it ?????? I am unsure ","Summary":" Random moment Robbie layed on his bed upside downntalking to his best friend who was conveniently a"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Second Time Around AT&PS;","Author":"syllvesther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12777077","Passage":"[Chapter 1] NOTE : So there's a lot of things i need to clarify first before you proceed. So, first things first: • This is my first time ever writing here so i probably don't know how this thing works and i need some time to figure this out lol. • I wrote this while I was bored after watching ATPS in my wattpad draft and i just decided to write these here. • ENGLISH IS NOT MY FIRST LANGUAGE so i'm really sorry for all the errors coz i'm still learning. not only for the grammar errors but for the story as well. I reall don't know much more abou the details of the story but oh well. I hope you like it even if i suck. lol. CHAPTER 01 Annie I woke up to the sound of my alarm at 7 in the morning. I kinda got pissed because of that. My body's not yet ready for everything. \"ANNIE! WAKE UP! WE HAVE A LOT TO DO, HONEY!\" I heard mom yell from downstairs. \"ANNIE—\" I groaned. \"YES MOM! I'M AWAKE!\" i yelled back. I got up and fixed my bed. Took a shower and went downstairs. My mom, my 4 year old brother and me just moved in here from New Zealand for my mom's business. I mean, we're only here because it's summer you know? After summer, we're going back to New Zealand. Well, we haven't really talked about it yet, but i really wanna go back. She wanted to start a pet shop here at Eastbourne since this is her hometown. We live at New Zealand because mom worked there—in which she quitted if i might add— and met dad before i was even born and because my school is at New Zealand. If you're asking where my dad is, well, he died 4 years ago. From an accident actually. \"Here's your breakfast honey.\" Mom gave me a plate of pancakes and some milk. \"Mom, i'll ask you one last time again. Are you sure, you're really going to do this?\" I asked her. I was just making sure. \"Of course honey! Your father and i have been dreaming to start our own pet shop! Being a pet lover kinda runs in the family you know?\" She winked at me. Well, that IS true. I'm a pet lover myself. \"Okay fine, mom.\" She went to get her bag. \"I'm gonna go open the shop first okay honey? I believe you know where it is. It's just—\" \"Yeah mom. I know okay? I'll bring Zac with me.\" She kissed my cheek. \"Love you hon.\" She kissed Zac as well who was at the living room playing toys by himself, before leaving. I finished eating. Washed the dishes and went upstairs to get changed. It's nothing special actually. A bleached ripped jeans and a white shirt that i didn't knew fits perfectly in my body. Like really, it shows my curves! Not that i'm showing off. In fact, i'm about to change. I went to my closet to search for some loose shirt when Zac went inside my room. \"I want mommy, Annie\" he said like he's about to cry. \"What? Oh. Um. Wait i'm just gonna cha—\" \"But i'm starving Annieee.\" Why is he like that? He's acting cute but it's annoying. \"Well.. There's some food downstair Zac.\" \"I want outside Annieee\" he said, shaking his toy up and down in the air. \"Fine. I'm just gonna get my shoes okay?\" He nodded. I didn't bother looking for shoes actually. Lol, i can't find any! So i just grabbed my flip-flops and carried Zac to get change as well. He wore this blue cow shirt and short pants and a belt. I made his shirt tucked in his pants. I looked at him. \"Zac, you're so adorable i find it annoying.\" I said as i pinched his cheeks. \"Mommyyy\" \"Okay okay. I'll get your sandals.\" I grabbed his black sandals and made him wear those. Good thing he's in the mood to follow my commands today. normally he doesn't. \"Let's go.\" I said as i placed my phone and house keys in my pockets. \"Yay!\" He grabbed my hand while he holds his beloved giraffe toy on the other. We went out to the shop. Of course i locked our house first.The shop's not far from here. Just a minute walk from our house. As soon as we went inside the shop mom had 2 customers. \"Hi mo—\" \"Mommyy!!\" Before i could even greet mom, Zac ran to mom's legs and hugged it. \"Oh! Zac!\" Mom carried Zac. \"Mommy i'm hungry!\" \"You're— what?! Honey, didn't you feed him before going here?\" What? \"What? I thought he already ate!\" Mom sighed. \"What do you wanna eat Baby?\" \"I wanna eat cotton candy!\" \"Baby, you can't eat that. You just ate some yesterday— Nevermind. Honey?\" I looked at mom. \"Go out with Zac. Look for something he can really eat. Here,\" she gave me some cash. Wow. \"And don't think about using it for your own good hon. Feed Zac first. Then the change's yours. Go! I have a lot to do.\" \"Thanks mom. Jeez.\" I grabbed Zac's hand and we went out to look for food. Zac ended up eating burgers. Well, that's food right? He liked it. The change wasn't that much though and I don't think i can buy some burgers with this either so i decided to just return to the store. Zac and I were about to walk back to the shop when i saw this organic store. Do they have apples in here? I think i can afford some apples. As i went inside i was greeted by a lady in her late 30's i think, serving some customers. \"Oh, welcome young lady! Robbie! Can you help out here for a minute? Tom went out!\" I looked around. There are apples. I heard the lady talking to someone but why would i care, it's not my business. My business are apples. I crouched down to Zac's level. \"Zac, would you like some apple?\" I fixed his shirt. \"No. I'm getting sleepy Annie.\" He said. His hands rubbing on his eyes. \"Oh.\" Zac placed his arms around my shoulders. He really looks sleepy. So i carried him. I felt some presence behind my back. \"What can i help you with, miss?\" He had the same accent like the lady on the cashier. And his voice was so soft. \"Oh, just a piece of apple is—\" i looked at the guy. \"...is fine.\" If only i could drop Zac, i would. What a handsome guy he is! Is he even real? He's so... gorgeous i'm not even denying it. \"Oh. Would you like some plastic with that?\" Please don't stare at me. I'll melt. \"N-No. I'll just grab one.\" I grabbed one apple. \"Here.\" I gave him my money and was about to go out. \"Wait!\" Oh my g— \"Your change?\" Oh. \"O-Oh no it's fine. Keep it.\" I was about to walk out again. \"Wait, miss!\" I look back at him. What is it this time? I can't afford to look at him more. He's so gorgeous. He went near me. Oh Gosh. \"Your brother's stuff toy.\" He gave it to me. Wait— can i even carry that?! I have Zac in my arms. And an apple in my hand. Can i just leave the stuff toy here? Zac's heavy enough. But when he wakes up, he'll look for his stuff toy! Ugh. I can do this. \"T-Than—\" \"Robbie! What are you doing? You help her carry her brother!\" The lady at the cashier spoke. I looked at him— Robbie. \"Y-You really don't have to do tha—\" \"No, i insist. He's heavy for you.\" I felt my face flush. Am i blushing?! Oh gosh. He lend his arms. Even his arms are gorgeous! I slowly gave him Zac. He has Zac, i have Zac's toy. And an apple of course. \"You really do—\" \"It's okay, really. Shall we?\" I just nodded and lead the way. Wait, where should i bring Zac? He probably can't sleep in the shop so— Well. I guess i should bring Zac home?[Chapter 2] CHAPTER 2 Annie We're currently standing in front of our house now. Great. Just great. Now, he knows where i live! But then again, this can be good right? I mean.. w-what if i had some emergency to do. At least someone other than me, mom and zac knows the house.. right? \"I can carry Zac from here.\" \"Of course!\" He gave me Zac. How can Zac sleep so tight when i'm here panicking because of him? \"Well, Thanks again. You really don't have to do that. I'm sorry for the inconvenience as well.\" He smiled. Robbie freaking smiled. Annie keep your shit together. Annie calm down. Calm... D— I CAN'T CALM DOWN!!! \"No it's really fine! Please don't worry about it. Miss...?\" What. Is he asking for my name? IS HE ASKING FOR MY NAME?! Well, SHOULD I GIVE HIM? \"Annie. I-It's Anniston actually but, since it's longer, i prefer Annie.\" He only asked for my name! Why did i told him so much?! \"Cool. Well, Annie, i'm Robbie.\" Duh, Robbie- I KNOW. \"N-Nice to meet you.. Robbie.\" \"We can't really shake hands.\" He laughed. I giggled. \"Yeah. Well, i have to put Zac in the bed so..\" \"Y-Yeah i should probably get going too. See you later.\" He waved his hand. I wanted to wave as well but Zac's in the way. I watched him vanish from my sight. Before I entered the house. It's kinda hard to open the door since Zac is sleeping in my arms. As soon as i enter our house i placed Zac in his bed. After that i went to my room. I sighed. \"What a handsome man, he is.\" I lay down on my bed. \"He told me he'll see me later.. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!\" I screamed at my pillow. Why is he so cute? I mean, WHY DOES HE HAVE TO BE SO CUTE?! After letting my feels go out, i opened my laptop. If you don't know, i have this special talent called \"stalking\". Yeah, i'm so good at it. I searched Robbie at my Facebook. I was expecting it to be a little challenging since i only know his first name, but the first person that was suggested at the search box was the actual Robbie that i met! His surname was Jennings! Robbie Jennings huh? Even his name is so handsome. The first thing i saw was that he's single and he's 19. Wow, i'm 18. I'm single, he is too. Does that mean i have a chan— Wait, what?! I don't like him... Do i? \"I'm home!\" I heard mom from downstairs. I didn't actually viewed all of Robbie's details since i don't wanna fall for him. First of all, i can't. Summers the only time i got here. I can't be attached to someone. It'll be hard for me. So i better stop. \"Mom!\" I kissed mom's cheek. \"I'm sorry we didn't come back. Zac fell asleep. So i carried him here.\" I told mom. Well technically, i wasn't the one who carried him here.. It was Robbie. But, psh, mom doesn't need to know that. \"It's fine honey. What did he eat? Is he even still asleep?\" I nodded. \"He ate burgers. He actually liked it.\" I said. \"Good. So what do you want to eat? I'm sure Zac won't wake up till tomorrow.\" I thought for a second. \"Anything's okay mom.\" I told her. \"Okay.\" Mom ended up cooking some pasta. It was quite good actually. \"Honey can you do the dishes? I'm kind of tired.\" she said. \"Sure mom. You should get some sleep.\" She patted my shoulder and went upstairs to her bedroom. \"It's you and me dishes!\" I grabbed an apron and did the job. Washing all the dishes was seriously tiring. My shirt's all wet even though i'm wearing apron too. I removed the apron and went upstairs to get changed. I wore some random tank top and my pajamas. I tied my hair in a bun and went on my bed. I was reading some book when i looked at the clock. It's 10 in the evening already. And i wasn't even sleepy. Is it because of hi— What the, i shouldn't even be bothered by him! He's just a normal.. Handsome.. Gorgeous guy that i shouldn't even be dreaming on. Please Annie.. Don't try to fall for him. You can't. \"What the heck is wrong with me.\" I grabbed some random jacket. Got my keys and went out. I decided to just walk around the streets. Heading to the park nearby. I don't even know why, i just have this habbit of walking at night when i feel like i'm being bothered. I sat by the bench and stared at the stars. It was so beautiful. Like everything is so peaceful. No problems to take care of.. No worries.. I sighed. I sat there for about 5 minutes. Casually staring at everything. I was about to leave when some cat bumped into me. \"Meow.\" It was a black with a mixed of brown furs. Is this a stray cat? \"Hello little fella.\" I rubbed the cat's chin. This cat is so clingy.His/her collar has the word 'Jubly' in it. Was it the cat's name? \"Why hello there Jubly.\" I played with Jubly for about a minute. \"Where's your owner? Are you lost?\" It's been a while since my cat, frost, died. It was 3 years ago. You see, i can't take care of cats anymore, since we found out that Zac has an asthma. \"Are you hungry? Oh i really wanna take you home.\" Can i take Jubly home? I mean, Zac won't be near Jubly. I can keep Jubly on my room, right? No one should even notice..? \"Are you a girl or a boy, Jubly?\" If someone sees me, that someone would most likely think i'm a crazy person. \"Annie?\" My heart almost dropped when someone called my name. I turned around, only to find him behind. \"Robbie? What are you doing here?\" ","Summary":" NOTE : So there's a lot of things i need to clarify first before you proceed. So, first things firs"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"The Time of Our Lives","Author":"superficialspacecadets","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6570157","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WOOOOH! It's LIZ! 'Kay, so this is my first FFS fic, and it could very well suck because I'm not British. But a girl can always try, right? Enjoy! Our story begins with Georgia lying on the floor on a typical Monday morning. Does she know that this may very well be the last normal Monday morning of her life? We shall see. Monday, March 19 on the floor 7 a.m. Sighhhh…just woke up. Back's feeling a bit stiff. Wait. Why in the name of my Vati's enormous trousers am I on the floor? Maybe if I would open my mincers up all the way I would be able to see what's happened, but I'm too tired. Yawn. 7:03 a.m. Got up because I'm in too much pain. Oh, I see. Libby's in my bed with Scuba Barbie, the Carrot twins and Angus. That would explain why I'm on the floor. Lovely. Well, I guess it's off to get ready for the torturous day that lies ahead at Stalag 14. Ho hum. 7:51 Maybe I can see my Sex God after school today! Oh, no! Wait! He's gone off to Kiwi-a-gogo land. Blimey O'Reily's trousers, I think I've finally gone off the deep end! Oh merde , how could I forget that? Must I spend the rest of my life on the funny farm with Uncle Eddie? Dear Buddha, please don't take my memory yet; it's the only thing I have left! 8:14 a.m. Ladida On my way to meet up quickly with Jas before school. Oh wonderful, marvy best friend of mine, at least you're a tad bit more insane then me. Otherwise I may have to start confiding in Nauseating P. Green. ERLACK! It's too disgusting to even consider. 8:30 a.m. As I waltz up to Jas's front door, I can't help but notice something strange. I see Jas with her ridiculous fringe held on the side by two bobby pins (which is quite strange in itself – only Jas would do such a thing) and next to her is Tom and next to him is…no, it can't be…ROBBIE? I break into a run as I approach her house. By the time I get there I am sputtering from the cold and my hair is all messy under my beret glove animal getup. I attempt to say something intelligible to show that I can maintain my maturiosity even though SG is right here in front of me instead of in Kiwi-a-gogo with the sheep like I thought. \"I…you…Kiwi-a-gogo…\" I huffed, looking at Robbie. \"Hello to you too, Georgia.\" Oh goddy god god. The Sex God has spoken. \"I…I thought you were off studying the environment or something. Yep, good old environment. Hills and volcanoes and…sheep.\" What in the name of Angus' furry offspring am I talking about? Oh Georgia, now you've really done it. \"Well, I got an urgent call from the members of The Stiff Dylans and I had to come back. They said something about finally landing a deal and it involved you, for some reason or another. Which leads me to my first question…what did I miss?\" OH MY GOD. Ohmygod! Had Robbie somehow found out about the talent show two weeks ago? My mind entered major flashback mode. There I was, standing on a dark stage with a single spotlight on me. I had a microphone in my left hand and my right one was balled in a fist at my side. I had convinced the members of the Stiff Dylans to play backup for me as I sang my version of Livin' On A Prayer by Bon Jovi. They didn't really want to, but I told them that they would have to deal with me coming over everyday and moaning about how much I missed Robbie if they failed to show. This whole ordeal started with a dare, of course. Rosie had thrown one of her world-famous theme parties that I was obligated as a member of the ace gang to attend. So, in the spirit of best friend-osity, I did. We danced (er, watched Sven dance), ate snacks and finally, as always, played truth or dare. It was Jas's turn and she was very very angry at me for making her admit that she liked to snog her teddy bears. Well, it's true! She chose me as her next victim. \"Georgie\" \"Yes, Jas\" \"Truth or dare?\" \"Er…\" \"You must pick one, you know.\" \"Yes I know, Jas, I'm not thick. I'm just rather scared about what you might make me do.\" \"Well, if you pick truth I may have to tell everyone about what happened last week in geoggers…\" \"NO! You may be a human broadcasting service, Jas, but this is one thing that even you wouldn't dare tell.\" \"Oh, but I would mon petit pal.\" \"Fine, then I choose dare.\" Knowing Jas, it would be something simple like showing my knickers for two seconds. \"All righty, Georgia, I dare you to sing a song at the talent show next week. No other people may sing with you, but it must be professional and have somebody playing an instrument. If you don't do it, I'll tell everyone about geoggers.\" The room went silent. Finally, Dave the Laugh spoke. \"Well, Georgia, are you gonna do it?\" I had to think for a minute. \"Of course I'll do it! I'll show you that I'm not some wet little ninny. I'm X-Factor material, you guys!\" Well, that may have been a little over the top. But what was I supposed to do? Have Jas spill my secret? No way! And so the preparations began. Now, back to the stage. Spotlight, Stiff Dylans, microphone, yadda yadda yadda. I heard the guitar start playing the first measure of intro. dadadada dum dum… I raised the microphone to my lips. It was now or never, I thought. Dear Buddha, don't let me screw this up! I started to sing. Tommy used to work on the docks Union's been on strike, he's down on his luck it's tough. So tough! I looked out into the audience and was surprised to see that they weren't dieing or being sick or anything. I continued on. Sven and Rosie started dancing. Tom was tapping his foot and smiling at me. Jas just looked shocked. I couldn't believe it. I was doing well! The song finished and everyone cheered. I thanked the band, and after the show nobody really mentioned anything about my singing. I was snapped back to reality by the sound of Robbie's gorgey voice. \"What I heard from the guys is that you put on quite a show at your school's talent competition. Is that true?\" \"Er, I guess so. I just sang, that's it. They helped with the backup music. But I don't understand why this is important. It was just for fun.\" Please don't tell me my performance had found it's way onto Youtube and Robbie heard it and thought it was so bad that he would want to break up with me. I would rather go live with Uncle Eddie in the land of the clinically insane than lose my Sex God. \"Well, apparently the guys loved it. Your headmistress also brought in a talent scout to search for anything that might be showbiz worthy and - wouldn't you know it – it was the same guy we'd talked to before.\" I cut him off there. \"Yes Robbie, that is all great and fine and coincidental, but what does this have to do with me?\" I swear, Sex Goddy as he is, this boy will be the death of me (as dear old Mum says). \"The Stiff Dylans need a new singer, Georgia, and the scout thinks a female voice would be the perfect way to revamp our image a little. They also said that they'll need someone to oversee tour bookings and such, and a few folks to do merch. We've decided that Tom and Jas can take care of merchandizing, and I wouldn't mind booking gigs. So, Georgia, are you in?\" Oh. My. God. \"Er…well…yeah. I'm in.\" She's in the band! Please R&R; (I will love you forever w) and leave some suggestions! ~Liz[Chapter 2] Hi again! Sorry for the late update, I have no willpower. Here's a brief recap: \"The Stiff Dylans need a new singer, Georgia, and the scout thinks a female voice would be the perfect way to revamp our image a little. They also said that they'll need someone to oversee tour bookings and such, and a few folks to do merch. We've decided that Tom and Jas can take care of merchandizing, and I wouldn't mind booking gigs. So, Georgia, are you in?\" Oh. My. God. \"Er…well…yeah. I'm in.\" at home Friday, March 23 9:14 am Ahhh, long weekends. They are truly lovely. Since I don't have to enter into that torture chamber they call school today, I think that I'll make a list of all reasons why my life is totally fab: Still the girlfriend of a Sex God. Yummm. No Stalag 14 for three whole days! Mum said she'd give me ten quid to go out with the Ace Gang today. I personally think she just wants me out of the house, but I'm quite ok with that. Oh yeah, and I'm the Stiff Dylans' new frontwoman. I am double cool with knobs. And the super fab queen of the universe. Lalala! In the hallway 10 am Just got off of the phone with Rosie to talk about going out. Unfortunately (but not uncommonly), Sven picked up. \"Ya, this is the party house. Would you like a coffee?\" \"No, Sven. It's Georgia. May I speak to Rosie?\" I heard RoRo shout from elsewhere behind him, \"HEY! Sven, is it Georgie? Give me the phone please, love.\" \"Georgie? No. I think it's Robbie's girl.\" Sven said, his poor foreign mind clearly confused. \"Sven, are you listening?\" Oh god, I think he's begun to dance. I can hear a lot of thumping and what sounds like singing. \"Hello? Rosie? I'm still here!\" I yelled frantically. We really must do something about this boy. \"Yeah, That's Georgie. Give me the phone. Why don't you go put your disco pants on? I think my mom wants to show you some new moves.\" Dear Buddha help us. \"Okay.\" \"Yeah, hi Georgia. Sorry about that. So, how's it hanging?\" Ooer! \"Fine thanks, Rosie. Are you busy?\" \"No, not now that I've gotten rid of Sven. He thinks he lives here now.\" \"Well, then.\" \"Yeah. What were you thinking we could do today? \"An Ace Gang meeting, of course! My mom gave me a tenner so I can go shopping.\" The line went silent for a second and I thought maybe she'd gone off to chase Sven. \"Rosie, are you there?\" \"What? Oh, yeah, I was just in shock that your Mutti gave you money.\" \"I know. It's strange. Speaking of which, I should probably call the rest of the gang. See you in front of the clock tower at 11.\" \"Cool, cool. See ya there, Georgie!\" back at the ranch 4 pm Home from a totally fab trip with the gang, and now I'm getting ready for band practice. I think my new Converse trainers I bought will give off just the right amount of \"I'm cool, but I don't really care\"-osity for my very first rehearsal. Well, I've only got two and a half hours, so I should probably start on my makeup. Foundation, mascara, lippy and blush; looking good is vair hard work! at The Stiff Dylans practice 6:45 pm Finally here! I've arrived fashionably late to rehearsal, which doesn't seem to be a problem because the band is just setting things up. \"Hey Gee.\" Robbie says. Oh my god, I'm going to sing with the Sex God! \"Hey\" I say, resisting the urge to go jelliod. It's all just too good to be true. One of the guys came over before I could say more and said he had an announcement. \"Ok, you guys,\" He said \"Gather 'round here. Now that we have a girl in the band, I think it's time to try a lighter sound. I was thinking something along the lines of Landon Pigg And The Turbo Fruits. In fact, along with the new song I've been working on, I think we should do a cover of one of their songs, too. We've got to give it our all today. Are you down?\" Oh merde. I have no idea what in the name pants this bloke is talking about. Turbo Fruits? What, do they go through their fruity lives at hyperspeed? And ooer, the band is making all these changes for moi. But I still don't know why we're talking about produce. Ok brain; time to think of something casual and to say to somehow get me back on track. \"Erm…how about we hear the song first before we start?\" Good one, Georgie. That totally works. The dudes put down their various instruments to speak. \"Oh, yeah. Sure.\" The main guy says, pulling a piece of paper from his pocket. \"It's called For Once, and I thought maybe it'd be cool if Georgia and Robbie did vocals together just for a different type of sound, you know.\" He starts to read the words from the paper and I feel my insides melt into one big puddle. It's the most marvy thing I've heard, and best of all, I get to perform it. Well, I think I'll end this chappie there. Thanks to those who read and reviewed this story. I will try my hardest to keep it afloat for you guys (: ","Summary":" WOOOOH! It's LIZ! 'Kay, so this is my first FFS fic, and it could very well suck because I'm not Br"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Hairy legs, Pants and nungas","Author":"xxshadowxxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6548764","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys this is my first fanfic ever and is set after sitnop! So please review and tell me what you think Thanks shadow xx 9:30 am Saturday Lying on my bed staring at the wall. All I did was the twist with Dave. I must say really, really fit Dave! No brain just Dave and handbag loving Masimo. No brain just Masimo and really, really fit Dave. Ahhhh crumbs I need air my gets all hot and that is why I keep saying stuff. Getting dressed I am wearing some black flats, jeans and a jumper very nice. It says fit boys I don't mind a quick trip up the snogging scale maybe number six? As well as saying I'm deffo not a slut. 10:20 Sitting on my wall, swinging my feet. Oh no I can see Dave walking down the road! 10:21 Hiding behind my wall. 10:22 Ha he can't see me. Yes! Sex kitty strikes again! 10:31 Sitting on my wall with Dave. Perhaps dancing in a bush that makes a lot of noise is a bad idea. Yes for all you idiots out there he found me because I started to dance. In a bush. Which by the way makes a lot of noise. \"So... how are you and Mas?\" I looked at him blankly ... ... ... \"Ummm well ummm ... How are you and Emma?\" ... ... ... \"Fair play\" Then he looked straight at me. Oh god! I'm melting no, no, no! \"I love you Gee! Ok? I'll say it slowly so you understand because you still haven't got it yet! I...Love...You! I want to be your horn partner not just mates.\" W.O.W! Just in case you didn't understand W.O.W With that he blushed tomato red and left me there looking like a goldfish. (A.N – I know it wasn't long but I don't want to write a story that no one wants to read so please comment thanks ! love shadow)[Chapter 2] Well here is chapter 2 enjoy ! 11:00 Well he didn't even say bye. Grrrrrr! Stupid me! It must have been the nose! That's it I MUST become a nun now. So bored. Still bored. Guess what! I'm...Bored, nice guess! 11:10 am Dave the so called (really, really, really fit) laugh said he loved me! Again W.O.W Well being a hot babe magnet like me is really hard so I'm just going to sit on this swing in the park. I bet I look like an idiot with no friends (which I am) 11:15 Yes I'm still here on this swing that might have been peed on by some idiot kid that was swinging to high. 11:19 Oh look I see Dave and Emma, and they are having a fight. Hehe wait. What? 11:20 Oh no! I see Masmio I guess that is so crapio. Oh no he has seen me and he's coming my way um there's nowhere to hide! 11:22 Ok well my \"great plan\" was to just lie down on the floor. Well done Georgia! Ok he just called my name! 11:24 Everyone's looking my way dam! Ok just get up... I'm up and he is standing next to me just looking at me then turning to look at Dave. Dam! 11:26 Well... this is fun... not. Finally the dude speaks \"you like Dave don't you?\" My vair stupid reply was \"of course\" \"Ok well you must ummm pick me or him?\" 11:30 I just stood there like a lemon, why should I \"pick\" err! That's when I noticed I had a very small tear in my eye. I look up at him and he just looked back at me. Then my stupid lips said what my heart felt! \"My friendship with Dave means a lot to me and I can't stay away from him I would miss him way too much. Then I saw a whole new Masmio \"really you pick this Dave? Well then I pick Lindsay well I don't have to pick as she all ready is mine and is very good at it\" A huge smile began to spread across his face. I felt sick to my core but what more I was angry real angry. I felt it boil in me then I just burst. \"You slept with that tart whilst with me?\" BY now I was shouting and I was full on with tears. Everyone was looking now \"I can't believe you! I climb hill to hill for you and the least you could do was at lease keep your hand to yourself!\" He just stood there and smiled \"she is a lot um how you say ... lets me do stuff\" I just stood there with a goldfish expression and slapped him across the face and shouted at him \"tell you what go back to that prize tart and go sleep with her because I don't want to see you ever, ever again!\" Whilst running off I called back \"you deserve each other you're both slags\" 12:00 Ok... well I've got no boyfriend and my makeup is in a complete and utter state. A.N – Thanks for reading please review! Thanks shadow xx ","Summary":" Hi guys this is my first fanfic ever and is set after sitnop! So please review and tell me what you"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Eternal Pain","Author":"Caligo-TheDarkness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1647779","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Patients enslaved like animals. A poem of one such patient, his reflections on before and after the incident at House on haunted hill. Eternal Pain Sturdy door Thrown and locked Twisting thrashing Trapped and mocked. Watching feeling Searing pain Anger rages Screams in vein Tied and left A clever trap Knowing fearing Doctors slap Open doors Free enslaved Walls of fire Patients saved. Never free Never safe Locked in sorrow In chains that chafe Look away A tortured form Trapped eternal Vannacutts pawn Trapped alone Trapped afraid Trapped in a flesh The flesh he made Freedom lurking Beyond the door Waiting hoping Pain no more. Disclaimer. I do not own any characters in the poem. Dark Castle owns them, and House on Haunted hill. I will write the next one soon.. Talking about after 1999. ","Summary":" Patients enslaved like animals. A poem of one such patient, his reflections on before and after the"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"house on haunted hill","Author":"turtletoni","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2224705","Passage":"[Chapter 1] House on Haunted Hill by Toni Blundell It all began way back on septemeber1st 1939 the war was just beginning and my parents had been summoned to join the fight. This is it I thought my life is over. All of a sudden there was a knock on the door and there stood a tall man wearing dark and damp green overalls with black heavy boots. I began to shake as he began to speak the words I was dreading 'it's to go kids' he said. My mum shivered with fear as my eight year old sister clung on to her. My dad came over put on my thick duffle coat and hugged me and said 'it's up to you now son, your sister is relying on you. I turned and began to open my mouth when the strange man who was still standing at the door took my hand with the tightest grip I had ever felt. I leaned over and grabbed my mothers hand but it was too late within seconds my parents were gone. Alls I could hear was my sister crying I grabbed her hand and pleaded with her to keep quiet. She glared into my eyes and I felt like I had lost all feeling. I hugged my sister and told her we would be fine. In the distance I could see an oblong shape vehicle and I could hear people's voices but I couldn't work out what they were saying. As we got closer the shape became more oblivious it was a train and our ticket out of here. A sudden relief came over me as I knew the further away from our home we were the further away the war was. I was still missing my family but I felt like this way our ticket to a better life away from all this fighting and I was going to take it. Suddenly my sisters grasp was broken and was taking away by a tall man and placed on a near by train. I could still see her pressing her face against the window and as I stood motionless watching the tears fall slowly down her eyes like light droplets of rain falling from a black cloud. Just as I thought my life had hit rock bottom I was tapped on the shoulder and dragged by short black curly hair to the next train. I was lead to my seat where a small boy was already sitting. The train was silent no one dared to speak. As it left the train station I couldn't help but remember what my dad had said in our final moments together. He told me my sister was counting on me and I had just let her be taken away without even the slightest fight. How much had I let my father down? A sudden shiver ran down my spine. The train was still travelling and it was now almost dark. It felt like we had travelling for hours. Suddenly we heard a loud bang and the train came to a Holt. I quickly sat up and watched as we pulled in to the station. There were children all ready waiting. The look of fear in all of their eyes I will never forget. We were all quickly off loaded and crammed in to a dirty old rusty bus. It was almost four children to every seat but I was too scared to care. I stared round and with amazement I recognised a face it was my sister she was standing with another little girl on a near by plat form. As the bus pulled away I waved good bye and my heart sank I was quickly alone. It wasn't long before my eyes began to get heavy and I slowly drifted in to slumber. I was awoken by the noise of my surroundings. We were in quiet little village and it seemed friendly enough. As we parked up I stood up and quickly unfolded my duffle as I was using it for a pillow. All the children were placed in a line and one by one were taken by new families. No one dared to argue. By now it was turn a small thin old looking woman stood in front of me with a medium sized old man. She turned and spoke and with each word she said my world began to feel better. She took me by the hand and the three of us walked off. Whilst walking home she said 'my name is Betty and this is Jim, We don't have children of our own so for now we want to be your mum and dad'. I just simply smiled and I was too emotional to say anything. We walked for around ten minutes and suddenly came halt in front of a small cottage. Betty glanced in my direction and whispered 'Never go over that hill, it's a place we never speak of '. I assured her that I wouldn't and we quickly went inside. By this time my stomach was rumbling. We sat down to a hot meal of meat and potatoes and with every mouth full I felt as if it were heaven. It was getting very late by now so I was shown my room. As I lay on my bed I couldn't help but wonder what actually was over that hill. Mysterious and mischievous thoughts ran through my head. I had to know what was there. While I was getting up to go investigate I couldn't help but think what Betty had said she had been so good to me could I betray her in this way. A sudden rush of guilt ran through my veins like water running through a tap. I decided I couldn't do it. I knew it would hurt her so I lay on my bed and slowly drifted off. By day break life seemed very different I was happy, I was missing my family but I didn't care. This was the happiest id been in a long while and I didn't want it end. The day quickly passed as I was helping out on a near by farm and there was a lot of work to do... By sunset I was at the point of exhaustion. After supper I went straight to bed. I awoken in the middle of the night by a faint light came from over the hill. I went into to near by room where Betty and Jim were sleeping. I couldn't wake them so I knew it was up to me to go see what was happening. I walked down the stairs and out of the big wooden door. Once outside I scrambled though bushes and climbed over logs. I stood at the bottom of a huge hill the biggest I had ever seen. I began to walk up it but I knew it would take me and awful long time. But doubtless I carried on with the thought of knowing every step was taking me closer. After what seemed like hours of work I reached the top. To my surprised there stood a huge black house with dark windows and a dark entrance. Outside of the house grew tall trees with spiky bushes. It looked like a dungeon. The feeling of fear but complete excitement came over me. Without what seemed my control I was walking nearer and nearer the house. I stood at the front door and placed my small hand around the door knob. I was sure what I was expecting but I went in anyway. My feet touched the dirty dark floor boards and creaked. I screamed! I walked further in a came to a dark corridor full of paintings of dead people. I turned and went to run towards the door but the door seemed to be getting further and further away. I turned around and shadow appeared in front of me. It was an old man and he reached towards me. I stepped back and with in an instant he was gone. I walked forward and eventually came to a room. I grabbed the door and pushed and it opened with a loud screeching noise. I was inside and began to feel the wall for a light switch. The walls were cold and wet but I couldn't find the light. I walked in anyway and began to hear voice. In the distance I could see a faint light I walked towards it and seen a door was open. As I got closer I could a very deep voice and it sounded like a man and he seemed to be shouting. I walked towards and peered around it. There sat a man wearing a long red robe with black lacing. He was wearing dark slippers and by his side laid a very old aged dog. The man got up and began pacing the floor the dog followed by his master's feet. I stepped floor and the floor boards began to creek. The man suddenly turned and bellowed, 'WHO GOES THERE?' THIS IS MY HOUSE WHAT DO YOU WANT?' I quickly stepped back as the man walked towards the door. I slammed the door and began to run but I could hear his foot steps getting nearer. I was only a small boy and I knew he probably would catch me. Even so I continued to run as fast as I could. I reached the door and turned the knob. It wouldn't open I was trapped. The foot steps were getting closer and I didn't know what to do. I ran into a small room that was near by. I sat and waited. The man got to the main door with his dog by his side. He reached into his pocket a pulled out a shiny key that was bigger than my arm. The room door were I was hiding was slightly ajar. The dog must have been able to smell me as he was sniffing in the room. The man opened the door and I made a run for it, I ran as fast as my little legs could carry me. I never looked back as there of him seeing my face was bad. I stumbled all the way down the hill until I hit the bottom with a loud thump. I rushed to my feet and ran through the bushes and over the logs all the way back to the cottage. I had never been so glad to be back there in all my life. I opened the door and rushed upstairs and climbed into my bed. I was just about relaxed and drifting of again when I woke up to see Betty standing over me. It was then I knew it was all going to be fine. At breakfast that morning I promised Betty I would respect her wishes and never go there. ","Summary":" House on Haunted Hill by Toni Blundell It all began way back on septemeber1st 1939 the war was just"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Just Our Luck","Author":"night-magician2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4801250","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Time to get on the bus,\"yelled Mrs. Perkins from the center of the cafeteria. Students howled as they ran outside to get the best seats. Kristen got up slowly with a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach. \"Do you need help with that,\"Mark asked cautiously. Kristen then replied,\"I believe I can do it... it may just take me a minute, considering I hate long busrides and the only true reason I am going is to watch out for my little sister Mia.\" \"I just asked if I could help, not for your life story.\" They both began to laugh. Without another word they walked toward the bus. As Kristen stepped on the bus, she looked around and saw how horrible this was going to be. Then she saw Casey stand up. \"Over here, over here,\" Casey yelled as she stood beside an empty seat. Kristen then looked back at Mark and they both shrugged their shoulders. Then Mark signaled for her to go on. She smiled at him and then walked cheerfully to her seat in the back. \"So what is going on with you and Mark,\"asked Casey with her tell me more attitude. \"What do you mean, he was just helping me with my stuff...I havent been feeling good,\"answered Kristen. Announcing it to the whole group Casey then yelled,\"Eww...Kristen is going to throw up!\" Everyone then looked nastily towards Kristen. \"No..I'm not going to throw up, I just said I wasnt feeling well...thats all,\"reassured Kristen. Kristen then redirected her attention towards Casey and with a quiet tone said,\"Look, I am going to be just fine, but I'm going to try to take a quick nap before we get to the campsite...is that okay by you?\" Casey then nodded and turned to face the window. ","Summary":" \"Time to get on the bus,\"yelled Mrs. Perkins from the center of the cafeteria. Students howled as"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"A New Life","Author":"Moluvsnumber17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3954759","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Description- A storynabout the life of the Channel three cameraman Disclaimer- Insuppose the idea for the Channel three cameraman belongs to thenwriters of House on Haunted Hill and James Marsters belongs tonhimself…though I wish he belonged to me. A/N- So I have beennthinking about doing this story for a while now, and for some reasonnI got inspired to write some of it today. I'm not really sure wherenit's going or how long it's going to be yet. I'm just writingnwhatever pops into my head. Hopefully someone will enjoy it. And I'mnpretty sure the cameraman and the reporter were never named in thenmovie, so I took the liberty of naming them myself. Anyway…on withnthe story. ---------------------------- AnNew Life ThenStory of the Life of Channel Three cameraman, Nate Richards He wasn't sure whennit had happened. When had he become this person? This person whonspent most of his time with his boss, Lisa. He had become a cameramanna few years before when he had been in dire need of money. The jobnpaid relatively well, and most of the time, he and Lisa would get anninteresting story to report. The latest being about a Mr. StephennPrice, and his amusement park. It had been one of the craziest placesnhe had ever been. At one point, he even thought he might die. He hadnmentally cursed the man for pulling that joke on he and Lisa. The ride had been anpretty good one, and he wouldn't mind getting the chance to do itnagain. Unfortunately he probably wouldn't get that chance becausenthey had been given a new project that apparently took place out ofntown. He sighed as he rollednout of bed. His clock read 6:30 and he ran a hand through hisnbleached blonde hair, wondering if he would ever get the chance tonsleep late. Since taking this job, he had been up no later than sevennevery morning. It seemed there would always be news to report, nonmatter what time of day it was. The Channel Three newsnstation was arguably the top news station in the country. There werenmany people fighting to get a job there. This is what motivated NatenRichards to get up every morning and head into work. The last thingnhe needed was to lose his job to some twenty year old, who onlynneeded money for beer and cable. If only his problems were thatnsimple. For that last ten years, he had been taking care of hisnmother. His father had died when he was a teenager, and not too longnafter that, his mother had come down with a serious illness. He hadnelected to be the one to take care of her since his sister was inncollege. It had really taken a toll on him, and at only thirty three,nhe looked every bit of forty. With his mother gone,nit was just him and his sister Amanda. She had graduated from collegenand was now a teacher at an elementary school. She had married a mannnamed Jacob Friedman, and they now had a four year old daughterntogether. Jay worked as a scientist for a local pharmaceuticalncompany. Nate walked into thenbathroom and shed his shirt and pants. He turned on his shower andnstepped in, letting the water run over his body. He hoped it wouldnwash away his feelings of loneliness. He had been feeling it a lotnlately. It had been years since he'd had a decent relationship. Thenlast girlfriend he'd had, had broke up with him because he wouldn'tnlet her get close. But, in his defense, he hadn't been looking fornanything serious. After a bad breakup when he was twenty one, withnhis long time girlfriend Casey, he hadn't been looking for serious.nHe decided he would never let himself feel that strongly about angirl, ever again. Casey Burman had beennthe love of his life. They had met when they were freshmen in highnschool, and he thought their love was ever lasting. Until he'dncaught her with her with Brian Morris. She said she'd grown tirednof him, and that she couldn't put up with his whining anymore. Henhad been devastated, but had had to put it in the back of his mindnwhen his mother got sick. Throughout the last twelve years of hisnlife, he had dated casually and had more than a few one night stands.nBut now, the loneliness was really getting to him. Most of hisnfriends had settled down and were now married and expecting kids ofntheir own, while he was still living in a small apartment, withoutneven the hope of a future with anyone. When the water began tonget cold, Nate turned it off and grabbed a towel. He wrapped itnaround his waste and walked over to the sink. He wiped the steam offnof the mirror with his hand and went to brush his teeth. Once he'dndone that, he went back into his bedroom and searched for somethingnto wear. He had a feeling that today would be a long day, so hendecided to go with jeans, a black t-shirt, and tennis shoes. He grabbed an applenfrom the kitchen and put on his coat, before leaving the apartment.nIt was time to go to work, and leave all of his problems at home. ---------------------- \"What do you mean,nI'm fired?\" Nate walked into thennewsroom and saw Lisa talking to Dave, the manager of the station. \"I'm really sorry,nLisa. Don't take it personally, but the network wants a freshnface.\" \"But…I can benfresh.\" \"I don't think so,nsweetheart,\" Dave said giving her a pat on the shoulder. And withnthat said, he walked away and left her standing there, stunned. Nate approached her. \"Lisa, whatnhappened?\" \"They fired me.nApparently, I'm not fresh enough for them.\" \"That'snridiculous.\" \"That's what I toldnthem, but…they don't seem to care.\" \"What about the Pricenstory? That was some of your best work. What did they have to saynabout that?\" he asked. \"They said it wasngreat, especially the part where you screamed.\" \"I did not scream,\"nhe said. \"Oh really? Whatnabout 'oh my God, we're all going to die'?\" \"That's not exactlynwhat I said.\" \"Right. Anywaynthough, it doesn't really matter how good it was. It's me theyndon't want.\" \"Then they're allnmorons.\" \"I wouldn't saynthat too loud. They might fire you too.\" As much as he wanted tonsay that that didn't matter, he knew that it did. He couldn'tnafford to lose his job. Money was still tight. His mother's lifeninsurance policy had barely been enough to pay for the cost of all ofnher medical bills and funeral expenses, and she'd sold her housenprior to becoming sick, so there was no money to be made from that.nHe was basically living from paycheck to paycheck. \"I'm really sorry,nLisa. I'll miss you.\" \"I'll miss you too,nNate. You've been a great employee.\" She reached out and gave himna hug. \"I guess I should be getting my things.\" He watched as shenpacked up her stuff. He couldn't believe that they fired her. She'dnbeen working there longer than he had, and everyone had always seemednto really like her. Nate had always thought she was a nice girl andnshe had been a good boss, as far as bosses go. Though she hadn'tnreally been his boss, since she wasn't the one who actually madenout the paychecks, but she had had the authority to tell him what tondo. Lisa had been mostly soft spoken though, and only informed him ofntheir assignment. They had been more friends than anything. Henwondered who the network had gotten to replace her. \"This is the station,nhuh?\" \"Yes ma'am. I knownyou'll just love it here.\" Nate turned to see Davenwalk in the room with a blonde woman. \"It's nice.\" He looked her up andndown. She was definitely a looker. He snapped out of his daze when henrealized they were walking towards him. \"This is NatenRichards, our on scene camera man,\" Dave told her. She studied himncarefully before speaking. \"Hi, I'm Sarah. I'mnyour new boss.\" ------------------------- A/N- So review andnlet me know if you think it's worth continuing. ","Summary":" Description- A storynabout the life of the Channel three cameraman Disclaimer- Insuppose the idea f"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"The untold story","Author":"Caligo-TheDarkness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2875843","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Schicter the Magnificent and the Pub Crawl from Hell By: Carl Schicter \"What's a fine looking guy like you doing here?\" She asked me; she being a 60 year old corpse with only one leg and eyes hanging lower than what I assumed to be her breasts. That was to be the highlight of the evening.. Yes that's right, the focal climax of the entire evening. Exciting huh? Now, let me say I've done a lot of stupid things in my life time. I once told a nun she resembled Larry King, not to mention the time I tried to dry my kitten in the microwave before I realized that the red on the microwave door was more than wet dirt. I even offered to help Price with his wiz bang party and god forgive me, I borrowed a few videos from blockbuster. But going to this 'incorporeal bar' is the stupidest thing I have ever done. I've been stuck in the after life for a good two years now. I am one of the only beings in 'house on haunted hill' that spirits can talk to without getting preternaturally ripped apart, and since it takes a tremendous lot of sticky tape to stick ones self together Trust me, my face looks like a child's attempt at making a cotton ball snowman Vannacutt decided to make me an honorary interpreter. So, there I was, as Vannacutt's personal… well whatever he wanted to call me, waiting for the good old doctor himself to get out of the bathroom. You know for someone who had his innards extracted that little guy sure can pee. Meanwhile I treated Pritchett another free being, but by no means sane to a violentini. Then another, and another. By the time Vannacutt decided to show up Pritchett was on his fifth round singing 'my heart will go on' to a terrified young Chinese couple, dynamite strapped conspicuously around their waistlines. I bet they'll be regretting the day they decided to die for a cause. Him aside, the rest of us (those of us who died at Evelyn's birthday bash) took a seat around some table in a corner shellacked with a red tar. Vannacutt, dressed in his exaggeratedly flash gold tux, looked at me. I glanced at Melissa and Evelyn in matching erm… nakedness. Evelyn glared at Price and Blackburn who I might say wanted nothing to do with each other and Blackburn's left eyebrow was oogling my good friend Hank, who was dressed in a black silk satin dress that really matched his dark thick arm hair. \"So shall we get ourselves something to eat\" Vannacutt suggested. The vote was unanimous and so Vannacutt called the waiter up while Vannacutt retrieved some money for a tip within Melissa's chest cavity. Yes we all knew that space would come in handy one of these days. The young waitress took the orders, plus tip and walked off. An hour later we finally got our meal. Talk about table manners, I was the ONLY person there who ate with any kind of eating tool. If you've ever seen a close friend or family member mauled by a bear then you'll know exactly how it looks like. \"Well? No need to pander to my presence\" Vannacutt spat out as he finished his ribs. \"I would like to talk with Mr Schicter\" \"Yes sir\" four equally quiet voice whispered as they made themselves scarce. \"So how is everything Carl\" The doctor asked. I smirked. \"Well let's take a moment to recap, shall we. Someone, not mentioning any names 'Richard' curved out my face , then sentenced me to an eternity with an abundance of hot women, all of whom would rather have sex with a certain dead man stuck on an equally dead horse than myself… peachy.. Just peachy\" After a brief silence he changed tactics and we began talking about Melissa, before ending up conversing about Vannacutt and his most unfortunate arrest during his early years. As he put it 'I was arrested for mooning.' But if you ask me, what the police didn't know, was that he really was an ass. Nothing else interesting popped out of his mouth after that, but we did get some onlookers, like the ghost of Christmas past, a Walter Disney look a-like, and Lassie who wanted an autograph from Vannacutt. Just as Richard and I were about to order a drink, from the adjoining games room came a loud crash. Running to see for myself what had happened I found Steven out cold, compliments of Blackburn who off course blamed it on his eyebrows various mental ailments. \"No Sue Ellen, don't marry him, he loves Dominic, he's gay!\" I looked at Price, seemingly hallucinating \"Another home made torture.\" Melissa commented \"What throwing each other into bits of furniture?\" I asked. \"No,\" She shook her head \"Day time soaps\" 'Poor Bugger' I thought to myself. Hearing the commotion Evelyn rejoined the group, placing a heel to her husband's crotch, squeezing his poor privates. It woke him up pretty fast. \"LAY OFF YOU UGLY WENCH.. WHAT DID YOU DO THAT FOR?\" Melissa sighed \"Well you were unconscious you know\" Evelyn shook her head \"No…. I just wanted to prove my point… Dominic loves Sue Ellen, always and forever… so BACK of.\" Just when the night couldn't get any more tiresome, Evelyn poured scalding hot water all over some girl who tried to help Price stand up, and a fight ensued. To put it simply, we are now banned from the bar for the rest of our lives, or in our case, our deaths. That's right, the first and maybe only bar where us ghosts can actually go to get drunk and / or laid, we are banned from, because Evelyn had a hissy fit. The ride home was long and tiring. Melissa, who was almost as drunk as Pritchett was making toe prints on the window whilst whining bad enough to give my three year old niece a run for her money. \"I need to go to the toilet, now…\" Pritchett chimed in. In frustration I gave in, rolling my eyes as I stopped the car to let him get out. It wasn't like the broad back at the car was going to follow us. Not after Evelyn shoved a hand full of sugar and Melissa's liver down the woman's gas tank. Five moments after Pritchett wondered off into the bushes, an old lady let out a large screech. Upon investigating I found Pritchett 'watering the flowers' in front of two old ladies using a whole loaf of bread to feed the ducks. \"Ahhhhh you perverted man\" the old lady squealed. I took Pritchett away disgusted. Since when do old ladies feed ducks this late at night... God almighty what's wrong with this world today! With that in mind I made the rest of the journey in record time. You would've thought that because we're all dead we wouldn't have to arrange transport to a transdimensional bar for the deceased but it just so happens that you're wrong. Anyway, as soon as we set foot in our home sweet institute, Vannacutt offered to read us Lord of the Rings. Unfortunately the 'oh so powerful' god voice of this story, told Vannacutt, that while he was indeed evil and very powerful, he was by comparison a sissy four year old girl, to J R Tolken's copyright lawyers. So the moral my fair mortals is...not applicable at thistime.But if you do happen to find one, send it to 1601 Memorial Lne LA California 90310 U S of A. I answer all my fanmail personally, but in no circumstances will I get Vannacutt to autograph anything. He's a busy manand can get very grouchy when he hasn't had his afternoon naps. Goodnight and godbless! THE END ----------------------------------------- Disclaimer: I Caligo hereby proclaim that all intellectual property, both character and situation wise belongto Warner brothers, Dark Castle and other respective owners. In no way do I gain money or other benefits other than self satisfaction.I therefore request that I not be sued, as my funds arejust about non excistant. I also must credit Amber for proof reading and Daiz, the young padawan, for inspiring me. ","Summary":" Schicter the Magnificent and the Pub Crawl from Hell By: Carl Schicter \"What's a fine looking guy "},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"The Doctors New Guests","Author":"MuseiRain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2017339","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The VannacuttnPsychiatric Institute seemed to gleam of his glasses as he droppednhis cigeratte to the ground walking towards the woman waiting at thengate that lead to the unkept and gothic architecture that seemed tonmock all beauty and light, in defiance of the sun. He walked side bynside with her to the main building where they stood under the daytimenlight that couldn't seem to pentrate the buildings apprence as hernwords broke their silence. \"Is it true that thisnhouse on the hill is haunted..\" She smiled with polite posture andnheld her palm pilot receiving transmissions back and forth from hernbusiness partners who desired to purchase it along side with her. The realator gave anempty facial expression, his eyes focusing on her in a calm but coldnmanner not losing focus at any point with his hands folded in frontnof him and holding his booklet with info and contracts on the house. \"Well you know peoplenand their rumors..\". Sounds came from thenpalm pilot of transmissions back and forth from her partners as thenimage of the Vannacutt Psychiatric Institute was sent by email. Thenlanuage of modern day technology interrupting the realators words. \"Please call me Mrs.nSinaket..\". \"Very well Mrs.nSinaket if I may say myself rumors are so very nasty and give thisnbeautiful architecture no justice..\" The realator said making notesnin his booklet and smiling with a grim passion. She made notes and sentnthem by email that she was impressed and her partners had alreadyndecided it was a done deal. The realator and her spoke for a periodnof time on conditions and price as they walked throught he sidenentrance shaking hands. \"Mrs. Sinaket if Inmay ask why are you and your partners so interested in VannacuttnPsychiatric Institute..\" She walked around as he asked thisnquestion in curiousity admiring the beautiful designed entrance. \"We plan to make itninto a Psychiatric Institute like the old days with modernntouches..\"She closed the palm pilot and smiled watching thenrealator speak his words as the doors closed to the VannacuttnPsychiatric Institute. The realator lookedninto the glass shattered across the floor revealing the image ofnDoctor Richard Vannacutt. \"Oh good we alwaysnneed new life in the Vannacutt Psychiatric Institute..\". ","Summary":" The VannacuttnPsychiatric Institute seemed to gleam of his glasses as he droppednhis cigeratte to t"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"House On Haunted Hill  1958 My Version","Author":"Ron's Sweetie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6799648","Passage":"[Chapter 1] House On Haunted Hill (1958) My Version Frederick Loren, and his wife Annabelle were giving a party in the House on Haunted Hill. Frederick invited some guests who were in desperate need of money. He said he would pay their guests $ 10.000 dollars if they stay the whole night. Strange happenings would be going on in the House on Haunted Hill now lets join Frederick, Annabelle, and their guests. Frederick \"Our guests have arrived, and their still alive for now is your face on yet?\" Annabelle \"Yes Frederick, and I'm not going to the party.\" Frederick \"The spend the night ghost party was your idea.\" Annabelle \"I'm sure your mistress will join you.\" Frederick \"You're cruel Annabelle leave my mistress out of this.\" Annabelle \"I know you love her, and I know she loves you, why she loves you I'll never know.\" Frederick \"I'm going to go met our guests I'll see you down at you're party.\" Frederick left the room before Annabelle could protest. On Frederick's way downstairs he was stopped by in his tracks by his mistress Jackie. Jackie \"Hello Frederick.\" Frederick \"Jackie it's so good to see you my darling will you join me downstairs while I greet our guests?\" Jackie \"Of course I will.\" Frederick \"You look stunning this evening.\" Jackie \"Thank you Frederick.\" Frederick \"Your welcome.\" Jackie \"Will Annabelle be joining us?\" Frederick \"She'll be down later.\" Jackie \"She doesn't like me much does she?\" Frederick \"No, but that doesn't matter I love you.\" Jackie \"I love you too, once you, and Annabelle get divorced we can get married if you want to of course.\" Frederick \"I love the idea we'll talk more about it tonight.\" Jackie \"Sounds good to me now let's go greet our guests.\" Frederick \"Alright my darling.\" Jackie, and Frederick walked into the living room where their guests were waiting for them. Frederick \"Good evening I'm Frederick Loren, and this is a very good friend of mine Jackie Owen.\" Jackie \"Hello may I offer anyone a drink?\" Ruth Bridgers \"I'll have a scotch and.\" Jackie \"Here you are.\" Ruth Bridgers \"Thank you.\" Jackie \"Anyone else?\" Dr. David Trent \"I'll have a scotch and as well.\" Jackie \"Here you are.\" Trent \"Thank you so how do you know Mr. Loren?\" Jackie \"I'm his mistress.\" Frederick \"Are you alright my darling?\" Jackie \"I'm alright I'm just a little tired but I'll be alright.\" Frederick \"You better sit down.\" Jackie \"I'm fine now tell everyone what the whole idea is for the party.\" Frederick \"As I told you all earthier by phone or mail if you can stay here in this house till 8:00 tomorrow morning I'll pay $10.000 dollars those of you who leave before midnight will get nothing if you wish to leave with the caretakers please tell me now?\" Watson Pritchard took everyone on a tour of the house. Ruth Bridgers stood under a puddle of blood that was on the ceiling, and got marked as Pritchard called it. Then they went down to the basement where Pitchard showed them a wine vat that was filled with acid. Nora almost fell in but Lance caught her. Jackie was hanging onto Frederick tightly so she wouldn't fall in, and he was hanging onto her to protect her. Pitchard closed the wine vat, and everyone went back upstairs, everyone except Lance,and Nora. They talked while they looked in all the rooms in the basement. Lance walked into one of the rooms, and when he did the door locked on it's own Nora tried to open the door but it wouldn't budge then she saw what she thought was a ghost. She left Lance alone,and ran out of the basement, and into the the living where she told everyone that Lance was gone,and that she saw a ghost. Everyone followed Nora down to the basement when she wen to the door of the room where Lance was locked in the door was unlocked. Frederick, and Dr. Trent helped Lance to the living room, and Nora was close behind. Frederick \"This is my wife Annabelle.\" Annabelle \"Good evening everyone.\" Jackie \"Hello Annabelle you look lovely tonight.\" Annabelle \"Hello Jackie you look stunning are you well?\" Jackie \"Yes I just feel a little tired that's all.\" Annabelle \"Frederick tiring you out is he?\" Jackie \"No, Annabelle I'm sorry that I came between you,and Frederick and I'm also sorry for wrecking you're marriage but I love him, and I promise to take very good care of him.\" Annabelle \"It's alright Jackie I'm glad Frederick is with you he needs to be happy.\" Jackie \"I'm glad you're being so understanding about everything, and I will make Frederick very happy as matter of fact we might be expecting.\" Annabelle \"That's wonderful congratulations.\" Jackie \"Thank you.\" Annabelle \"Your welcome.\" Frederick \"What are you laddies talking about?\" Annabelle \"You.\" Jackie \"Annabelle is happy for us.\" Frederick \"You're being a lady tonight Annabelle any other time your a cold hearted witch.\"Annabelle \"Thank you for that Frederick I think.\" Frederick \"It's only a few hours till midnight if you wish to leave with the caretakers you can leave now because once the door is locked you won't be able to leave until tomorrow morning.\" The caretakers left, and locked the door. Frederick ran to see if he could open the door. Frederick \"It's too late the care takers made the choice for you we're all locked in here till tomorrow morning.\" Annabelle \"Darling get some cars for these people, and let them go home but pay them first.\" Fredrick \"Despite my wife's faith in me to do the impossible we have some party favors for you.\" Frederick opened some little coffins they had guns inside them. Frederick \"Mr. Pritchard, Dr. Trent, Lance, Nora, Miss Bridgers, and here's you're's dear.\" Annabelle \"I don't need it.\" Frederick \"Who knows you might want to use it on me before the night is over.\" Jackie \"I don't think Annabelle will shoot you Frederick she'd just poison you again.\" Annabelle \"I'd be careful Jackie Frederick might try to kill you.\" Jackie \"You know he was never charged with anything when his first wife disappeared, and his other two wives died.\" Frederick \"Thank you for standing up for me Jackie.\" Jackie \"I love you Frederick , and I want to be with you forever.\" Frederick \"You shall be with me forever my darling , you shall be.\" Nora began screaming. She said there was a head in her suitcase everyone went upstairs to look Watson Pritchard opened Nora's suitcase there was no head inside. The doctor offered to give Nora a sedative. She screamed at everyone , and them to get out. Lance asked Ruth Bridgers to stay with Nora Ruth agreed to stay with Nora. Lance went to his bedroom. And went on a rant accusing Frederick of frightening Nora, and told him not to do it again. Frederick walked away, and Jackie went after him Dr. Trent stopped her. Dr. David Trent \"How is it that your Mr. Loren's mistress your so young?\" Jackie \"That's not important Dr. Trent the more important question is what are you doing screwing Frederick's wife Annabelle, and why are you planning on killing Frederick you have no answer to that question well if you can't answer my question then I can't answer you're question now if you excuse me I need to go check on Frederick ,and see if he's alright.\" Jackie walked away from Trent, and went downstairs to see Frederick. When she found him in the living she ran to him,and hugged him tightly. Frederick \"My darling you've been crying what's the matter?\" Jackie \"Oh Frederick Annabelle, and Dr Trent are sleeping together, and they are planning on killing you.\" Frederick \"I know.\" Jackie \"You know what do you plan to do about it?\" Frederick \"You, and I are going to play their little game too.\" Jackie \"I'd play any game with you I love you Frederick Loren, and we are going to have a baby.\" Frederick \"Oh Jackie I'm so happy I love you with my whole heart.\" Jackie \"And I love you with my whole heart Frederick very much.\" As Jackie, and Frederick were talking. Nora went missing. Lance couldn't find her but he did find a woman's head in the closet. He went to look for Nora he walked into the living room where Pritchard was sitting in a chair holding a knife. As Lance, and Watson were arguing Annabelle Loren hung herself. Lance, and Dr. David Trent found Annabelle they carried her into another bedroom. Jackie, and Frederick ran into the room. When Jackie saw Annabelle she turned away. Then she,and Frederick walked up to the bed. When Dr. David Trent said Annabelle hung herself Jackie held Frederick. Lance left the room to continue his screech for Nora. Nora found Lance then they went to her room where Nora accused Frederick of choking her, and locking her in a room, and leaving her in that room. Lance also accused Frederick of Attacking Nora as Lance was comforting Nora Dr. Trent knocked on the door. Dr. Trent told Lance he came to the same conclusion, and then told Lance to meet everyone else in the living room so they could decide what to do. Lance agreed. Once everyone was in the living room they began to discuss what to do. Dr. David Trent \"When we first came here to this house the one thing we had in common was the $10.000 dollars now share something else in common the death of Mrs. Loren.\" Frederick \"Doctor you were the first one to find my wife did you see anything she could have climbed up on, and jump off of.\" Dr. David Trent \"No.\" Frederick \"Then it was murder, and one of you did it.\" Trent \"Or you did it Mr. Loren.\" Jackie \"How dare you accuse Frederick he was with me if it was anybody who is in our presents tonight I would have to say it was you Dr. you knew Annabelle Loren very well since you were banging her.\" Dr. David Trent went to strike Jackie but Frederick grabbed his arm, and twisted his wrist. Frederick \"You hit Jackie,and it will be the last thing you ever do.\" Jackie \"I'm alright Frederick I'm looking at Annabelle's killer, and it's not you.\" Frederick \"Come my dear I'll take you upstairs.\" Jackie \"Alright.\" Jackie, and Frederick left the living room. Then everyone else went upstairs to their rooms. Frederick went to Annabelle's room, and found Watson Pritchard watching his wife. He grabbed Pritchard around the throat , and squeezed really tight then he threw Pritchard out of the room. A few hours later Nora saw Annabelle Loren floating outside her window. This drove Nora to her breaking point, and she ran down to the basement. Frederick was also on his way to the basement when he got there Nora shot him. Jackie heard the shot when she got to the basement she knelt next Frederick. Nora left the basement screaming. Dr. David Trent came out of one of the rooms, dragged Frederick's body to the wine vat filled acid. Frederick woke up, and pushed Dr. David Trent into the acid. Jackie walked up to Frederick, and kissed him. He kissed Jackie back. Annabelle walked into the basement looking for Dr. David Trent. The doors closed she was locked in the basement. As she tried to get out a Skeleton came out of one the rooms. It had Frederick's voice. Annabelle kept backing up she almost fell into the wine vat but she managed to stop herself but when the Skeleton got very close she fell into the acid. Frederick said goodnight to Annabelle, and Dr. Trent. Meanwhile Nora had just told Lance that she shot Mr. Loren, and she didn't think he was alive. Everyone ran to the basement, and to Nora's surprise Frederick was alive. Nora \"He's alive.\" Frederick \"You didn't shot anyone my dear I filled your gun with blanks I can tell you all right now Trent, and my wife were planning to kill me they failed Trent tried to push me into the acid vat, and my wife tripped and fell into the acid vat I'll let the law prove my innocence or guilt.\" Jackie \"The rest of you shall be paid the $10.000 as promised now I suggest we get the hell out of this house, and go back to our lives.\" Frederick left the basement Jackie was close behind him. Everyone else followed. Frederick paid the remaining guests. And then everyone left. Jackie went back to her house that night. She took a shower as she was showering Frederick stopped by with roses, and an engagement ring. Jackie got out of the shower wrapped a towel around herself, and then put her robe on. Then walked into her bedroom, and sat her dressing table as she was brushing her hair she noticed Frederick sitting on her bed. She got up, and walked over to the bed, sat down in front of him, removed her towel , and embarrassed Frederick they fell back on the bed making love. Jackie, and Frederick laid in eachothers arms on Jackie's bed. Frederick slipped the engagement ring on Jackie's ring finger of her left hand. A few weeks later there was an wedding announcement in the paper. Jackie, and Frederick were married the next week. Jackie moved in with Frederick. Frederick paid to have their house remodeled. Jackie worked on the nursery. Frederick Loren was finally a happy man. Frederick \"Are you happy my darling?\" Jackie \"Yes I am, are you happy Frederick?\" Frederick \"Yes I am.\"Jackie \"Can our life be any better?\" Frederick \"No, but it will.\" Jackie \"I love you Frederick Loren.\" Frederick \"I love you too Jackie Loren.\" Jackie kissed Frederick. Frederick picked Jackie up, carried her to their bedroom. Once they reached their bedroom they went to sleep. The next couple months brought to the Lorens. They had a baby on the way, and Frederick added onto the house. Yes the Lorens were a truly happy couple. One day while Jackie was shopping she bumped into Nora Manning the girls got to talking,and Nora said something about her, and Lance dating or that they were engaged or something like that. The laddies said their goodbyes, and Jackie went home. Jackie was looking forward to having her, and Frederick's first child. The baby would bring joy ,and happiness to the Loren household. ","Summary":" House On Haunted Hill (1958) My Version Frederick Loren, and his wife Annabelle were giving a party"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Never Say Die Series 2","Author":"ClubDread16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1118662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pritchett threw back the door to the cellar. The scotch he had consumed only minutes earlier, rose in his stomach as the dark, formless shape loomed before him. He took a step back as the shape bore down on him, when suddenly it stopped moving. In fact, everything seemed to be frozen except himself. A blue light grew from the center of the shadow. A girl stepped forth from the light and walked right up to him. She smiled at him as if they were old friends. \"Watson Pritchett.\" His eyes grew wider. \"H-how do you know my name?\" \"Listen Pritchett, I'll explain everything later. Right now we have to ge out of here, because that thing,\" pointing to the shape behind her, \"is going to eat you.\" He nodded. \"Yeah we could if all the windows and doors weren't locked.\" She cocked an eyebrow at him. \"I know that, thank you. I already know how we can get out of here.\" Watson's fear subsided and was quickly replaced by sarcasm. \"Yeah, and how is that?\" \"We have to go through the portal.\" Pritchett unfolded his arms and took a step back. \"No way. I am not going through there.\" The girl took a step toward the light. \"Well, I guess I'll just go back and let this......thing eat you.\" Watson appeared to be considering his choices, when the girl grabbed his arm and pulled him through the light. When he had fully recovered from the shock, he noticed he was in a small apartment. DVDs were spred across the floor and walking around the room was a young man with a blue baseball cap, and what appeared to be a permanent dumbfounded look, on. He spun around to face the girl. \"Wait, no! You can't leave me with this moron!\" But the girl was already gone. OFF TO SAVE ANOTHER LIFE. BUT WHO? ","Summary":" Pritchett threw back the door to the cellar. The scotch he had consumed only minutes earlier, rose "},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Mansion","Author":"Dark Storyteller","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1343534","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mansion Script -Opening Credits. All is quiet. The wind is whistling against the deadntrees. Fades out. Fades in,we see our first shot of the mansion and itsngarden,looking beautiful. We fade to black once again. (Eerie music startsnplaying slowly,getting slightly louder)nWe are in a room,but we cant tell until a candle is litten. Most of it'snsurroundings are dark. Title \"Mansion\" appears with an eerie effect ofnfading in and out. After the title dissapears,the casts names are shown. Asnits shown,the camera zooms in slowly to the candle. Getting closer andncloser. As the cast is done bieng displayed,we see an image in the candlesnfire,as were close enough to make the whole screen filled with the candlesnfire,the image gets clearer until the image is completely seeable. Its thenmansion seen before,only now its a beatup old castle with rotting plants innthe garden. It still looks beautiful in a gothic way,as its covered withnvines,and surrounded by dead trees,and normal trees. EXT-TOWN-NIGHTnA birds eye view shot of the town,a few of the houses with lights on,withnonly some streetlights accompaning. The camera is focused on one house,wenget closer. INT-ROOM-NIGHTnWe are now inside a room of the house. We linger from the fireplace,on topnare some pictures of a man and his wife. We linger further and see the samenman on the photos sleeping on a couch with papers on the table next to him. EXT-DREAM-DAYnWe are taken into a dream hes having. A cross is seen. In a cemetery. Itnseems to be the only one there. Flash of a photo of him and his wife. Zoomninto the cross at normal speed. It reads Marian Helton. The letters bleed. INT-ROOM-NIGHTnHe wakes up in a cold sweat. His name is Derek Helton. He looks around thenroom aware that it was just a dream. He takes a deep breath,and gets up,andnpicks up his papers off the table and shuffles them in his hands. On thenfront is a picture of the mansion,Derek stares for a few seconds,and putsnhis papers down. Goes towards the fireplace and looks up at the pictures ofnhim and his. Derek:n \"Marian...\" -He puts the fire out,and walks to his bedroom. It is 2:22 in thenmorning,and goes to bed in his room. Derek is a lonely man who lost hisnwife by a brutal car accident. EXT-TOWN-DAYn-An overhead shot of the town. Kids are seen playing,while the neighboursnmow the lawn. The sky is partially clouded,with some blue showing. Shot ofnstreet,pan up to a nice looking two story house,with a little garden nextnto it,and a small backyard. INT-MONICAS HOUSE-DAY -The girl who owns the house is Monica,a beautiful woman in her mid 20's.nShe is on the phone with her friend Sarah. Monica: \"So Sarah,when are you going to be there?\" Sarah: \"Sometime this afternoon. And you?\" Monica: \"Around there. Have you even seen this place?\" Sarah: \"No,not yet.\" Monica: \"He didnt have a photo in his office?\" Sarah: \"No.\" Monica: \"Hmmm...Well,anyway,I have to clean up my house up before I gonlater,so I'll see you there okay?\" Sarah: \"Alright. Bye.\" Monica: \"Yep.\" Monica hangs up the phone and sees that her door is open. She goes over tonclose it,and then turns around remembering something. She goes over to hernphone and sees Derek Heltons phone number on a piece of paper beside it.nShe dials the number. EXT-DEREKS HOUSE-DAY -A shot of Dereks house from the outside. INT-DEREKS BEDROOM-DAY -Derek is lying on his bed with his eyes partially opened. His phone besidenhim rings. He sits up on his bed and picks it up. Derek: \"Hello,this is Derek Helton.\" Monica: \"Hi,this is Monica,I was with my friend Sarah at yourndepartment,remember me?\" Derek: \"Oh hi,how are you this morning?\" Monica: \"I'm doing okay.\" Derek: \"Well thats good.\" Monica: \"I'm just phoning to tell you that I'll be at the house thisnafternoon.\" -Derek looks down at his watch. Derek: \"Perfect. Ill be in there at about 3:00,so you can go in. Thengate,and the doors are open already,so you can go inside and wait for menand the others.\" Monica: \"Great! Bye.\" Derek: \"I'll see you soon.\" -They both hang up. EXT-ROAD-DAY -Monicas car drives by on the road. The sky is still white,with a littlenblue in it. The valleys surrounding the road are green with white littlenflowers. Monica looks at the ammount of gas in her car. Its almost empty. Monica: \"No...\" -She gets out of her car and looks for the nearest gas station. She spotsnone someways down the road. EXT-GAS STATION-DAY -Monica opens her car door and gets out of it. A woman gas attendant goesnup to her. Gas attendant: \"How may I help you mrs.?\" -Monica looks at the gas selection. Monica: \"Ummm,bronze.\" -She reaches into her purse and hands the gas attendant some money. Shenputs her purse back in the car. Monica: \"Just a second,I'll be back.\" Gas attendant: \"Take your time.\" -Monica walks inside the little store beside the gas station. Theres annantique shop. She walks inside it,and closes the door. Theres a customer atnthe till paying for his things. She looks and sees a little desk withnornaments on it. Miniature statues of angels and a long serpent. Theres anmirror on there also. A woman walks behind Monica. Woman: \"Those are souvineers from Ruth mansion.\" -Monica turns around. Monica: \"Ruth mansion?\" -The woman nods smiling. Monica: \"Im going there right now...\" Woman: \"You are? Your'e gonna love it there. I went on one of the toursnthey held there. Its quite amazing.\" Monica: \"Really? How big is it?\" Woman: \"Atleast four or five stories high.\" Monica: \"Wow...How'd you get these?\" Woman: \"A man gave them to me to put on display here. I dont know why.\" Monica: \"Uh. While,I need to get going,I have to arrive there soon.\" Woman: \"Well come again if you ever need to.\" -Monica walks out the door and to her car. Her gas tank is full. She startsnthe car,and drives off. Various birds eye view shots of her driving. Onenshot of her driving on the road with the ocean next to her. Waves arenforming across it. That shot fades into her driving across alot of trees.nThen a shot from the top of the hill down to the road,which is now ancountry road. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-DAY -Monica is still driving away to get to Ruth mansion. She is lookingnthrough the trees on her left and suddenly spots a driveway. She looksnfurther while slowing down to see a small gate. She suddenly gets more hopenas she see's a rather large house some way's behind it. She gets to thendriveway and rides in. The gate is open already. She slows down before shenpasses the open gate to see all the scenery. She is amazed. Its beautiful.nWell some trees were dead,but some were full of leaves and pine needles. Ansmall garden is on her left. Red roses and blooming white flowers stick outnfrom it. The mansion before her was somewhat covered in vines,and stillnpretty in a way,and eerie. Two towers stick out of the front of thenhouse,while the rest of it is enormous. Must be four or possibly fivenstories tall. It was made of stone/brick and gave off a feeling ofneerieness...As soon as she is infront of it she stops the car. She sees hernfriend Sarahs black car. She takes her seatbelt off and gets her littlensuitcase,then she looks at the house again. Something about it draws hernin. She opens her car door without laying her eyes off of it. Then shensteps out of the car. She then looks to her right to see the forest anlittle away. She then turns to the mansion again,and starts walking. A shotnof Monica's P.O.V. as she gets toward it. Then she gets to the door. Shenlooks up to see the two little towers at the very top of the house. Theynstuck out like those of a castle. It even had a spire near it. She thennmoved her head to see the rest of it. She saw a window that in somewaynstood out. It was on the second floor. Monica stares at it. She then spotsnsomebody in it. Not Sarah. Not any of the people at the mansion. It was anlittle girl in a white dress with blonde hair holding a doll. The girl thennbacks away from the window. Monica gets a chill. She knows its probably hernmind playing images in her head. She then looks back at the front doornwith unease still a bit confused at what she saw. She grabs thendoorknob,and the door flies open by itself. After bieng in a little shocknfor what just happened,she calms quickly. And opens her eye's. And innamazement too. The inside is marvelous and old fashioned. A large staircasensits in the middle,with supposedly other rooms behind it judging by thenopen wall behind it. The cieling is about 15 feet high with decoratednlights hanging above her. The floor has red carpeting,the windows from thenoutside seemed even bigger on the inside,and theres a door on the farnleft,and far right. The top of the staircase shows some of the secondnfloor,the bedroom hallway. The desks had miniature sculptures/statues ofnangels and dragons. Along the walls were a few paintings of possible ownersnof the house. Monica is smiling at just the sight of the place. She goesnover to the staircase,and feels the knobs at the end of them,and passesnthrough the place,which is the Main Hallway. She looks up the stairs. Upnthere is a little dark,and not as attractive as the room she is in rightnnow. She goes toward the door on the far left while still eyeing the mainnhall and all its ornaments. Before she opens the door,she turns around tonsee the other door on the far right. Its darker over there. She gets a badnfeeling of it. She then proceeds to open the door she is at. There is anhallway with a wooden floor,wooden cieling,and wooden walls. There is noncarpet. It leads into another large room. The main parlor. She sees thenfireplace from the end of the hall. She then walks to the end of the hall.nThe parlor has rather warm colours to it opposed as to the cold colours ofnthe otherwise beautiful main hall. There was still a morbid feeling innthere though. Old weapons sit on the walls. A huge double-sided axe,anscythe,and a golden spear. More portraits also hung on the walls. Thencieling was white,and the walls were brown. There is a couch in the middlenright before the fireplace,and a few chairs. There is a spiral staircase onnthe right of the room,and under it,an entrance to the kitchen. She staresnat the spiral staircase,looking up only to see it leading up to anpitchblack room. The house is starting to give Monica an odd feeling. Fromngorgeous to creepy and dark. She looks back at the kitchen,and gets out ofnthe spiral stairs way,and hears something in the kitchen. She hearsnfootsteps. Light footsteps like those of a child. Quiet music is heard. Itnsounds like a childs music box. The melody is very faintly heard though. Monica: \"Is somebody there?\" -Someone grabs Monica from the back. She turns around a little jumpy. It isnher friend Sarah. Monica sighs. Sarah: \"Woah,whats your problem?\" Monica: \"...Nothing,I just wasnt expecting that...\" Sarah: \"Yeah?\" Monica: \"Im okay now...\" Sarah: \"Alright.\" -Monica gives the parlor another stare. Monica: \"Isnt this place great?\" Sarah: \"Yeah,no kidding. When I opened the front door I couldnt believenit...\" Monica: \"Me niether. Have you checked out the whole house yet?\" Sarah: \"No,Ive only been here for half an' hour really. Theres supposed tonbe four to five stories in this house,cant say I have seen them all yet.nEspecially considering all the secret passages in here...\" Monica: \"Secret passages?\" Sarah: \"Yeah,the professor told me about them on the phone. Didnt he tellnyou yet?\" Monica: \"Nope.\" -Sarah goes past Monica to see the spiral staircase. Sarah: \"Have you been up here?\" Monica: \"No,I just arrived. How many are supposed to be in the group?\" Sarah: \"Oh,a few. There names are Scott,Ray,Vickie,Mark and Elizabeth.\" Monica: \"Five of them? How are we gonna keep track of everyone includingnus?\" Sarah: \"I dunno. I heard Scott was a pretty nice guy...\" Monica: \"Whats he like?\" Sarah: \"I haven't met him yet,but I seen his profile.\" -Sarah starts to put her feet on the spiral stairs. Monica: \"How'd you see that?\" Sarah: \"At the department along with the rest of the descriptions.\" -She puts her feet on the second step,and slowly goes up them. Monica: \"Why didn't I see them?\" Sarah: \"Because you were a little busy speaking with our professor at thatntime. What did you talk about anyway?\" Monica: \"I was asking him about his research here. He wants to prove thenexistance of the supernatural. He say's the locales are afraid of thisnplace...\" -Sarah continues up the stairs looking strangely at the dark spot at top. Monica: \"I dont think he has it easy with life.\" -Sarah takes another step. Sarah: \"Why do you say that?\" Monica: \"His wife died 6 months ago.\" -Sarah stops,and the step she is on breaks apart,and she gives a littlengasp. Monica: \"What happened!?\" Sarah: \"...Uh...Nothing...\" -Sarah is scratching her back with a pained expression. She looks into thenblack spot. Sarah: \"Uh,lets go...\" Monica: \"Sure...\" -Monica grabs Sarahs arm and pulls her away from the stairs. Monica: \"When will the group be here?\" Sarah: \"Any minute...\" -A front way shot of the spiral staircase. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-DAY -A car drives in front of Ruth mansion. It stops. The door opens and a footnsteps out. The camera pans up to Derek Helton,who has just arrived. Henlooks over at the house. Derek: \"Ruth mansion. There you are...\" -A sound is heard behind him. A red car also pulls into the driveway andnhits to a stop. A guy with black hair steps out. He is Scott. Scott: \"Hy. Are you Derek Helton?\" Derek: \"I believe I am. You are Scott right?\" Scott: \"Thats right. Scott Dunn.\" Derek: \"Welcome.\" -Scott handshakes Derek,and looks behind him to see Ruth mansion. Scott: \"Jesus...Is the rest of the group inside?\" -Derek looks around the parking space and sees the two cars. Derek: \"Well,two of them are. Lets get inside.\" INT-MAIN HALL-DAY -Derek and Scott walk in the front door and spot the two girls,Monica andnSarah. Derek: \"Hello you two. I remember you girls,we met at the department. YournMonica,and your Sarah right?\" Monica/Sarah: \"Thats right.\" Derek: \"This is Scott.\" Scott: \"Hy girls.\" -They both shake hands with Scott. Then Scott reacts to the house much likenMonica has when she arrived. He just looks around staying in his place. Scott: \"Wow...this place is huge...\" Derek: \"Yes,it was built in 1839 by a very wealthy man named Victor Ruth.\" Scott: \"1839?\" Monica: \"Thats pretty old...\" Sarah: \"How is it in such good shape?\" Derek: \"Its been looken after by the present owners who are on vacation atnthe present time.\" Scott: \"So,is it really...haunted?\" Derek: \"No one knows for sure whether or not a place is haunted. One mustnexamine the supposed haunted enviroment. That is what I plan on doing withnthe help of you and the rest of the group.\" Sarah: \"So...what are we supposed to do?\" Derek: \"If your conducting an experiment,you'll find that a group is verynnecessary within' time. Especially one of this nature. You will each bengetting your own bedrooms on the second floor up there,and feel free tonroam the house,just dont get lost. Some people have dissapeared here in thenpast,some have not returned.\" -Sarah and Monica nod there heads and Scott gets closer to the group. Twoncars are heard driving in. The four look through the windows to see anmiddle aged man come out of his car,with a lady coming out of the othernone. Derek: \"I believe those two are Ray and Vickie. Mark should arrive behindnthem in a matter of seconds along with Elizabeth. They are drivingntogether.\" -Marks car drives in. Derek walks to the door and so does the other three.nThe big door flies open and in comes Ray,the middleaged man,Vickie thenyoung woman,and some feet behind them is Mark and Elizabeth. Derek shakesnhands with them. Derek: \"Welcome everyone,I think this is the rest of the group. Follownme,and I'll show you people where you will be sleeping for the next fewndays,and get you all settled in. We will meet you inside the main parlornMark and Elizabeth! Mark: \"Alright!\" -The group walks off to the left door,and Mark walks inside,and stops atnthe front door. He looks around the main hall for a little period of time.nHe then stares off at the cieling. A slow zooming shot of Marks face withnan expression of slight fear.nElizabeth stands behind him peeking her head out from his shoulders to seenthe place Mark is staring at so strangely. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-EVENING -A wide shot of the mansion sitting in the breeze of the trees with thencloudy,pinkish sky. A light is on in the first floor. In the parlor. INT-MAIN PARLOR-EVENING -A shot of the fire in the fireplace roaring. The camera backs up to seenthe group sitting down all having a drink while chatting to each other.nScott and Monica are talking too. Monica: \"So what do you think of this place 'uh?\" Scott: \"Well,it's certainly different.\" -Monica chuckles as Scott eyes the place. Scott: \"Looks as if it was built in the middle ages or something younknow,with all the spiral staircases,high cielings and such.\" -Monica looks up. Monica: \"Yeah.\" Scott: \"So what do you do for a living?\" Monica: \"Me? I live a pretty basic life. I have a job,some friends. But nonmother or father. I dont live with anybody. They all passed away by somendisease. I was away at the time. Ever sinse then Ive just been waiting fornsomething like this to happen.\" Scott: \"Im sorry.\" Monica: \"Oh,Im use to it. Its been this way for years. And you?\" Scott: \"Oh,Ive been living with my parents until last year. Im waiting tonget hired somewhere for work,and I should be getting enough money out ofnstaying here for the week.\" Monica: \"Ah...\" -Monica looks at the group. Monica: \"You know any of them?\" Scott: \"The group? Not many of them. I have seen Vickie around,she was innmy highschool a few years ago. And thats it. Monica: \"Is Vickie the brunette?\" Scott: \"Yep,thats her.\" -Scott looks at Sarah. Scott: \"So,whos your friend over there?\" Monica: \"Oh,Sarah? Shes been my best friend sinse we were in high school.\" Sarah: \"'Scuse me?\" Monica: \"Nothing,just Scott here wants to know who you are.\" Sarah: \"Well,hy there.\" Scott: \"Hey.\" Sarah: \"Saw your profile at the science and psychology department.\" Scott: \"You have?\" Sarah: \"Yeah,on the desk. Me and Monica were talking to Professor Heltonnthat day.\" Scott: \"Yeah.\" Sarah: \"Well,Im just here with my friend Monica exploring you know. Whatnare you doing?\" Scott: \"Well,looking for a job or enough money to keep myself alive. Thatsnpretty much whats in for me now.\" -Sarah nods. Sarah: \"Okay,you guys have fun,Im gonna talk to Vickie now.\" Monica: \"Seeyah Sarah.\" Sarah: \"Yep.\" -She gets up and walks over to Vickie. Scott looks back at Monica. Scott: \"She kinda shy?\" Monica: \"A little.\" -Scott takes a sip of his wine and puts it down and signs and lays back onnthe couch. Monica decides to wait for Derek Helton to come in,while thenrest chat. All of the sudden Derek walks in from the kitchen,and everyonenstops talking and look at him. He is holding some supplies. Some photosnprobably from a room in the house,and a ring. He puts them down on thentable infront of the fireplace. Derek: \"Well,I think it's about time I told you people the history of thisnhouse.\" -Everyone is looking at him. Derek is standing up. Derek continued: \"This mansion was built back in 1839 by a rich man namednVictor Ruth. He and his family moved in right after construction wasnfinished. He had one little daughter named Emily,and one little boy namednArthur,and his lovely wife Amelia. They were all a happy family,untiln1844,five years later.\" Vickie: \"What happened then?\" Derek: \"At first,they didnt worry. At night Arthur looked out his windownand saw the family dog,Wilfred chasing something into the woods whilenbarking uncontrollably.\" -Flash back of black dog chasing something into the woods. Derek continued: \"Wilfred was gone the next day. That was only the start.nThe children dissapeared and were never found again.\" -Derek picks up a photo of a little girl Emily Ruth. Derek continued: \"Emily Ruth,Victor and Amelia's daughter was last seennwalking upstairs to her bedroom.\" -Theres a little flash of Emily Ruth,the daughter looking up the mainnstaircase,and a flash of her mirror in her bedroom. -Derek picks up a photo of a little boy Arthur Ruth from the table. Derek continued: \"Arthur Ruth was in the backyard of the house playing withnhis ball. That was the last anybody seen of the poor boy. His ball was thenonly thing found left of him.\" -Theres a little flash of Arthur Ruth,the son holding his white ball whilenlooking at the forest. And a flash of a bloody ball(the same one)rollingnout of the bushes. Derek continued: \"Victors wife Amelia,was heart broken. She came down withna nasty fever,and eventually died on her bed.\" -Theres a little flash of the dead woman Amelia lying down on her bed. Derek continued: \"Victor Ruth,he couldnt take it any longer. The love ofnhis wife has died right before him on her bed,and his adorable childrennwere never found. Bieng alone for two weeks or so,Victor couldnt take itnanymore. Out of grief,he hung himself in one of the rooms within the house. -Theres a little flash of Victor Ruth hanging from a rope in a dark room.nThe group sits there listening to the story with there eyes widened. Derek continued: \"The next family to take residence in Ruth mansion was annaverage family. A man,Ryan,his wife Linda,and one daughter Margeret,verynsimilar to Emily Ruth,with blonde hair and a blue dress. One month intonowning the house,Linda has been suffering horrible hallucinations andndreams. She said they were visions of things soon to come. She woke upnevery night in a cold sweat,and even said she had these images in her mindnduring the daytime. Some time later,the maid of the house ran out screamingnsaying she saw something in the cellar. -Flashback of a terrified woman(maid)running out the front doors,and a shotnof Linda doing her laundry while reacting strangely to the maids constantnscreaming. Derek continued: \"She refused to work there ever again,and they couldntnafford another maid to take care of the house. They say it was her lastntime in the house. She quit over the phone. Too scared to ever go near thenhouse again. Linda continued having her bad dreams,and one certain dreamnrevolved around her daughter. \" -Flashback of Margeret standing over the water fountain at the front of thenhouse,then a quick flash of her head submerged in the water. Dead. Derek continued: \"A dream of her daughter dying.\" -Another shot of the group in front of Derek Helton. Derek continued: \"The next week lead to Margerets death. She went outside.nAnd she was looking into the water fountain. Linda was watching from thenwindow carefully. Then she saw Margerets head plunge in the water,butnnothing drowning her. Nothing she could see. It would be Lindas last daynalive too. She went downstairs yelling to Ryan. She was on the first stepnup on the main hall. -Flashback of Linda standing at the stairs. Derek continued: \"Ryan was alarmed and ran to her.\" -Flashback of Ryan running to the stairs. Shot is from top view. Derek continued: \"But it was too late. Linda slipped on the step and fellnall the way down the stairs right infront of Ryan. Later that evening,henthen found Margeret dead in the fountain. Before he left Ruth mansion withnhis coach and horses,he gave his wife and his daughter a burial in the backnof the house,where Victor and his wife were buried. Some say Ryan died ofnold age at his other home in England. Others say he also killed himself ofna broken heart just like Victor. Stories went on and on,but nobody reallynknows what happened to Ryan that day in 1894. From then on,nobody elsenlived in Ruth mansion. Most people said the house was cursed,and wouldnbring bad luck to anybody who would live there. In the early 1900's,after anyoung 12 year old German boy named Joseph was found in a cabinet hanging bynhis neck after getting reeled up by a rope,the place was set on fire by thenlocales. -Dereks talking is mixed with a flashback of the house burning. Derek continued: \"But the next day,the house was still standing. Afternthat,it was boarded up 'till 1953 where they held tours in it,which we willnget to ourselves in a moment,where a teenage girl reported seeing thenspecter of an old man walking into a room with rope in his hands. The toursngone on and on,until two people came in and bought the house and itsnproperty. They still live here to this day,who are apparently on vacation.nThe two have not experienced anything truly paranormal in there years here.nThe worst they suffered through was the whole house shaking one day. Theynthought of it as a small earthquake,although nobody else recallednexperiencing it. Many more stories about the house go on through thisntown,mostly about the supposed third family moving in. A photo was found innone of the rooms here of a group of people,possibly a man,wive,boy,andndaughter.\" -Derek picks up another photo...of the supposed third family. Derek continued: \"The daughter had something wrong with her. She wasndeformed. She didnt have a nose,just a blank spot where it should havenbeen,and no eyebrows. The rest of the people looked perfectly normal. Thenrealtors of the house died the day after somebody saw a girl in there withnno nose from the entrance. The realtors deaths were unknown,and it remainednunclear if the girl was a ghost or lived with her family in there.\" -Elizabeth holds her hand up. Derek: \"Yes?\" Elizabeth: \"How did anybody else not know of this third family besides thenrealtor's?\" Derek: \"I dont know. Dont think much people do these days.\" Elizabeth: \"Strange...\" Derek: \"Yes,I know. The house has been through alot. There are more legendsnsurrounding Ruth mansions dark history,but thats all I'll tell for now. Ifnyou'd all stand up,we can begin the tour of the house.\" -Derek walks over to the the entrance to the parlor,and the group also getsnup with him. They all head for the main hall. Monica then hears somethingnin the parlor. She turns around and sees the windows are open. She looksnstrangely remembering they were closed a few moments ago. Then the firengoes out. The parlor is dark. Sarah grabs Monica from behind. Sarah: \"Come on Monica,what are you waiting for?\" -Monica looks back in the parlor,and then back at Sarah. Monica: \"Nothing.\" Sarah: \"Well,lets go.\" Monica: \"Okay.\" -She turns and follows the group. INT-MAIN HALL-EVENING/NIGHT -High shot from top of main hall,panning down to group and Derek who isnleading them up the stairs. Derek: \"First we will go upstairs,where the bedroom hallway is. Each of younwill get your own rooms,which belonged to the past owners,and if anybodynneeds me,Im in the room on the right with the little window on the door.nKnock first.\" -The group and Derek are now in the bedroom hallway. Elizabeth looks at allnthe doors. Elizabeth: \"God...\" Derek: \"After the tour,you will be getting a set of keys from me to enternyour bedrooms.\" -Vickie looks over Dereks shoulder and sees a staircase. Vickie: \"Whats up there?\" -They turn around. Derek: \"The third floor. Come along.\" -Monica looks down the end of the hallway. Theres a door with a white sheetnover it. Like it was forbidden or something. Monica: \"Whats in there?\" -Derek looks at it oddly. Derek: \"Thats where she died.\" Monica: \"Who?\" -Derek looks at her. Derek: \"Amelia.\" -Derek walks to the staircase with the group behind him,then they go upnthem. Monica gets an uneasy feel looking at the old portraits of the housesnearly owners after hearing the stories. They are now at the top of thenstairs. Derek turns to the left. Derek: \"Over there is the library.\" -Then he turns right where a boarded up section of the house is. Whatnappears to be an entrance to a room,or hall is boarded up by wood. Derek continued: \"And over there is a closed up area because of a nearnfatal accident there in one of the tours. I suggest none of you go overnthere alone.\" -Monica looks at the right way strangely. Dereks words left a chill in hernspine. Derek continued: \"Alright. Lets proceed to the library now.\" -They turn for it and walk for it. One last slow zooming shot of thenboarded up section of the house. It zooms in until it goes through one ofnthe boards and is pitch black. The shot turns into a bookcase,where it pansnover to the left to see the group walking. The library floor,walls,andncieling is made of wood,and has no carpeting. Just bookshelves with oldnencyclopedias,stories,ETC. Derek: \"Perhaps the most strange thing in this house lies within this verynroom.\" -Derek walks over to a door behind all the bookcases and shelves. Derek: \"This.\" -He opens the door and there is a blank wall behind it. Everybody looks atnit odd. The wall behind it looks as if it could slide over,but there is anlock on it.\" Derek: \"This wasnt here before the second family moved into this house. Notneven the door,just a walkspace. When Victor and his wife's bodies werenburied,it led to a room made of brick with a hole in the wall. No one knowsnhow the door or blank wall appeared.\" Ray: \"Thats impossible...\" -Ray looks in disbelief. He comes closer and puts his hand against it whilenlooking straight at it. There is a view from inside the small opening innthe blank wall. The shot is in slow motion,and is a P.O.V. Something is innthere. The light from the library shines through the opening. Ray peaksnthrough the opening,and a large shadow passes. Ray's eye squints,and putsnhis head back up. Elizabeth: \"You alright Ray?\" -Ray takes a pause. Ray: \"...Yeah.\" -Derek senses Ray seen something odd. You can see it in his face. One ofnthe lights in the library dim down. Derek: \"We should get out of here now. Group all: \"Yeah.\" -Monica is behind everyone. Then a young childs voice says \"Hi.\" Monicanstops straight in her tracks. Then slowly turns around. There stands theneerie little girl she saw in the window during her arrival. Monica has anfearful face. Her eyes are wide,and she is moving her mouth slightly. Thenlittle girl is donning a music box. It opens by itself and starts playing anhaunting children tune. The girl smiles,and then dissapears into thin air.nMonica can barely speak. She backs away out of the door,and sees the groupngoing down the third floor stairs. She looks back once more in the library.nShe gets a bad feeling from it. Then gets back to her senses. She followsnthem. A front shot of Derek leading the group down the third floor stairs. Derek: \"The fourth floor leads to the towers. It has a great view of thenforest. It also holds the attic. We'll now go down to the first floor.\" -A shot of them going down the main hall stairs from the left side. Dereknwalks towards camera. Derek: \"Over here.\" -Derek points behind the stairs. They look. A dark space for walkingnthrough is under the stairs. He goes through it. The group follows,andnDerek is looking at a door at the end of a hall on the left. The wallsnsurrounding them are a flourescent green shaded by the darkness. Derek: \"Behind that door is the basement. It is a forbidden area. Thenstairs are weak and the lights flicker,and the floor has holes so it isneasy to have an accident down there. It hasnt been used in years. Thenpresent owners store their stuff in the closet,so all thats down there arena few boxes and old toys for children.\" -Derek turns. Derek: \"This way.\" -Another shot of the door. A closer shot. Then a shot of its doorknob. Itnturns. INT-MAIN PARLOR-NIGHT -Derek leads them to the spiral staircase Monica has been staring at,andnthat Sarah fell through. Derek: \"If you look up there at the very top,there is a door. Its beennlocked up for years. Dont go up there. The stairs are not very strong,andnnone of the keys in my pocket can open it,so I suggest you all just ignorenit. -Shot of the small locked door up there. Derek continued: \"Come on,lets go to the kitchen.\" INT-KITCHEN-NIGHT -A shot from inside the cabinet with Mark looking into it. Mark: \"Is this where 12 year old Joseph was found dead professor?\" -Derek turns around while holding a little statue of a fanged cat with itsneyes closed. He puts it down on the countertop. Derek: \"Yes,I believe it is.\" -Derek grabs the rope hanging down it. Derek: \"He was hanging by his neck on this.\" Vickie: \"Uh,Okay,I think I've heard of enough of these stories,I probablynwont be getting any sleep tonight as it is.\" Scott: \"Goin' to bed?\" Vickie: \"You bet,Scott,'night guys.\" Derek: \"Well,here are the keys to your bedroom,If you need anything,justncall out.\" Vickie: \"'Kay.\" -Vickie walks out of the room. Ray looks away from the guillotine he isnlooking at to Derek. Ray: \"Is there anything else to be shown?\" Derek: \"I'll let you people explore the house for yourself over thenweekend,just dont go past the boarded area. We dont wanna lose anybodynnow.\" -As Derek says that Monica thinks about what she saw in the library. Anflash of the girl seen with the music box goes by. INT-BEDROOM HALLWAY-NIGHT -A view from the top of the main hall stairs where the bedroom hallway is.nVickie stands at the bottom. She looks up at the dark hallway up there. Shenslowly starts going up them until shes at the top. She looks at her keys.nShe sees her bedroom door. She looks both ways. Then runs to it and unlocksnit and shuts the door behind her. Her room is painted white,and it isnfairly spacious. She notices her windows are open. She walks over andncloses them,then turns around to face her bed. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-NIGHT -A shot under the two main towers with all the lights off in the house. INT-MAIN PARLOR-NIGHT -Everybody is out of their chair. Mark: \"Well,I'm off to bed for the night.\" Monica: \"Yeah,me too.\" -The rest of them agree by nodding their heads and faintly saying \"Yeah.\" Derek: \"Well,here are your keys.\" -Derek reaches into his pockets and grabs all the keys. He hands them outnwhile saying... Derek continued: \"Mark,Monica,Elizabeth,Ray,Scott,and Sarah...Good nightneveryone,I'll see you all tommorow.\" INT-BEDROOM HALLWAY-NIGHT -Everybody is getting into their rooms. Sarah is following Monica talkingnto her. Sarah: \"So what did you and Scott talk about in there?\" Monica: \"Oh. Things. You know,what he's like. He seemed like a nice guy.\" Sarah: \"Yeah,I'll bet 'eh...Well,see you in the morning.\" -Monica nods. She opens her door with the keys. She slowly presses againstnthe door. A front shot of her slowly opening it while giving off anotherngaze of amazement. The room was spacious,and had a carving of a woman madenout of wood covering her chest. It has a big mirror and tall windows withnwhite curtains covering them. There are little photos on the desk. Monicanputs her suitcase down beside it. She takes her nightgown out of thensuitcase before she leaves it. Then she looks at herself in the mirror. INT-SARAHS ROOM-NIGHT -A shot of cieling goes down to Sarahs face smiling. She is walking towardsnher windows. She looks out them. She turns her head to see a littlencemetery,she puts her hand to her face and puts her other hand out thenwindow which is opened. She stares at the cemetery for a few heartbeatsntime,then looks across to the forest. Something catches her eye. She rubsnher hands against her eyes. She sees two things hanging from each side ofnan elm tree. They look human,but Sarah cant be sure,she is too far away.nShe turns around and her door is in front of her someways. She walks towardnthe camera,then goes to her lights to shut them off. She then looks at thencurtains dancing in the wind. INT-SCOTTS ROOM-NIGHT -Scott is standing in his room looking at his closet which is open a bit,henwalks over to close it,and gets back to his bed. He falls down on it. Anshot of his face looking into the darkness of his room. Something casts anshadow under the door. Something walking in the hall. His eyes movenover,and then move back. He thinks its somebody walking. -A long moving shot of the library,from the book filled shelves to thenentrance. Then we are in the hallway with the doors to everyones rooms. Thenshot moves forward until it hits a wall and everything is black. It fadesninto view blurrily,like someone awoken from a dream. INT-SARAHS ROOM-NIGHT -It is Sarahs room. Everything is a dark shaded blue. She is in her bednlaying down with blanket ontop of her sinking into the soft bed. She isnadmiring the look of her room. Looking at the pretty yet eerie lookingndolls sitting on a chair and the rest on a desk. Then she notices a slightndraft. The curtains are blowing in the air. She turns over and watchesnthem. After a while she notices a shape behind it. Then a curtainnpasses,and a little blonde girl in a blue dress is visible. A close shot ofnher face flashes by before her face is covered by the curtain. Sarah gaspsnand when the curtain moves back,the little girl is gone. Then she sighs innrelief and buries her head in her pillow. A shot of the curtains notnblowing movies to the left. Camera pans down to little feet in slippers. Itnwalks out from behind the curtain and moves out of the dark room and closesnthe door behind it. Sarah lifts her head up. INT-ELIZABETHS ROOM-NIGHT -Elizabeths bedroom door opens. She is holding her luggage. She takes anshort moment to eye her room from her doorway. Shot of an old pianonsitting in her room. Elizabeth is infront of it. She puts her luggage downnby her door and closes it,then turns her light on. Long shot of photos onnthe wall of a woman. Linda,Ryans now dead wife who fell down the mainnstaircase. Shot of her bed. It has a wooden frame and intricate carvings onnit. She goes to the desk with all the little dolls. She picks up a doll ofna clown. It has a long hat,white face,red lips,green clothing,with rednshoes. She puts it down. Closeup shot of its face. She is now at the piano.nShe sits down on the bench infront of it. She looks at the notes ontop ofnthe piano. She plays a note. Then another. All of the sudden the littlenclown doll falls off the desk. She stops playing the piano. She gets up andnlooks down on it as she picks it up. She puts it in the desk drawer andnshuts it. The lights go out. Elizabeth turned them off and goes over to hernbed,lifts up her covers,and slips under them,and closes her eyes tight. Anshot of the desk. The drawer where she put the doll in opens by itself. INT-SCOTTS ROOM-NIGHT -Scott is lying in his bed. He is asleep. Wind echoes from outside into hisnroom. The camera pans up closer to him under his covers with his armnsticking out and rested on his chest. He is dreaming. The camera closes upnto him until it goes black,and you see a shot of the mansion far away. Itnis the evening. The sky is white around it and the shot is tooken from thentop of a hill. Then a quick flash of the mansion burning on fire like toldnby Dereks story. A shot of a large architectual door open,with nothingnseeable inside it. Just darkness. A flash of the little girl without thennose from the story with her eyes open wide,with black bags under them,withnpale skin. Then a flash of a guys face with sharp teeth,no eyes,and a largentongue,with brown hair,and eyebrows. Then a shot of blood dropping onto anwhite table in an otherwise dark room. Then a flash of a set of stairsngoing upwards. Quick flash of a man in a hood wielding a sickle,a gallownarea,the cemetery,and a room with blood splattered on the walls. Thensubliminal images stop. We are in a room. A dark room with windows coverednwith curtains. Moaning is heard in the corner. It zooms in really fast tonreveal a woman with a green dress,almost blue face suffering and sweatingnwith her eyes rolled over. Her hair is in golden little locks. Then anothernquick array of disturbing images. A woman at the top of the stairs,a girlnsmiling,a rope hanging in a room made of brick,and a woman screaming. Thennightmare is over. Scott shoots up in the air in a cold sweat breathingnheavily. He realizes he is in reality now. He,still panting,looks aroundnhis room. A wide P.O.V. shot of it. He once again falls into his bednletting out a sigh of relief. He then sees another shadow run under hisndoor with footsteps along with it. He gets up,and stares at his doornscared. The footsteps are heard again. He goes to his door speedwalking,andnlooks under it again. A shadow of a pair of legs stand there. His eyesnwiden,and he swings open his door. Nothing is there. He looks confused,andnthen takes a glance at both sides of the hallway. Dark. Just dark. He turnsnaround and decides to leave his door open after looking at it once. Hugenand carved with wood. He then moves on forward to his bed. INT-DEREKS STUDY-NIGHT -Derek is writing about what has gone in Ruth mansion so far. Its a behindnshot of him writing. Derek: \"First the group arrived at Ruth mansion,and were told the storynbehind it. Then they were given a tour of the houses first three floors.nThe group reacted quite strangely to each room shown to them. In thenlibrary,one of the group,Ray,supposedly felt a strong presence within thenwall behind the door. Another one of the group,Monica,shown un-naturalnbehavour,staring at the boarded area,cellar door,and library for quite somentime after we left them. No spiritual activity has gone on yet through thenhouse,but hopefully,its only a matter of time.\" -Dereks words are interrupted by the same footsteps that went across Scottsnroom. A closeup shot of his eyes turning the other way,but not his head. Hengets back to writing. INT-VICKIES ROOM-NIGHT -Vickie is asleep. Barking is heard outside. Like a dog barking. It wakesnher up. She squints her eyes a little bit and slowly gets off her bed. Shenheads towards the window. The faint barking continues. Then something runsnacross the field outside. In the shape of a big,black dog. It runs into thenwoods. Vickie opens her window,and sticks her head out and looks around.nShe hears bushes rumbling,but doesnt see them. She looks up at the blacknsky. The moon is up. Then she looks down at the forest. Those trees,shadednby darkness,looking almost evil in a way. She then shuts her window. INT-MONICAS ROOM-NIGHT -A P.O.V. shot of something looking through Monicas closet door. Itsnpartially opened. Heavy breathing is heard. Its watching her. A shot of anlittle girls lower half of face. Her lips are only clearly seen. The restnis shaded black by the darkness in the closet. Back to little girls P.O.V.nshot opening the closet,and moving forward slowly to Monicas bed. A shot ofnMonicas face. The shadow of the little girls arm waves against her face.nThe girl is singing a little lullabye. It is only faintly heard. Monicasnarm moves her blanket up to her face. And turns over while another shadownruns across her. A shot of Monica turned over. The background is blurry. Itnfades in to reveal the whole body of the little girl. A shot of the girlsnhand touching Monicas face. Then her eyes open. The girl is nowhere. Monicanfeels her face to see if anything happened to it. Theres a drop of bloodnon her fingers now. She is alarmed. She gets up out of her bed,goes to thenlights and turns them on. She rushes to the mirror with her hand over hernface. She slowly moves it off. A scratch line is across her cheek. Probablynfrom the girls fingernails. She reaches into her pocket,and pulls out ankleenex. She presses it against her face. It closes up on the mirror wherenMonica is pressing the kleenex on her face,then fades to dark. -Various shots of inside the house go by. A dark room with all of the lightnfocusing on one chair sitting. Then the basement door. Then a shot of thenattic door on the cieling,fourth floor,with a ladder under it for climbingnup. The next shot is a P.O.V. inside the attic. INT-ATTIC-NIGHT -An unseen entity moves through the dark attic slowly. The attic is darklynlit,full of cobwebs,and looks like you could fall through it's floor.nElegant little dolls are sitting on little chairs,like they were set up bynchildren. Theres a bookcase with red and green thick chapter books andnencyclopedias,dictionaries,ETC. It keeps on moving slowly. It stops at anlight dangling from the cieling. It turns it off,but we dont see it'snhand,just the light switching off. All is black. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-NIGHT/DAY -A shot of the the cemetery,panning up to the mansion in the dark and fadesninto a shot of it into the day,at morning. INT-MONICAS ROOM-DAY -Monica rises out of her bed after sleeping. She looks at her watch andngets off the bed. Shes in her nightgown. She looks out her window and spotsnthe small cemetery at her right. INT-BEDROOM HALLWAY-DAY -Monica gets out of her bedroom all dressed and sees Scott walking down thenhall. Monica: \"Hey Scott.\" -He turns around. Scott: \"Oh,hy Monica. What are you doing?\" Monica: \"Nothing. Im just going outside for a while to check out something.nWanna come?\" Scott: \"Sure.\" EXT-CEMETERY-DAY -Monica and Scott are walking through the little cemetery by the house. Monica: \"So Scott,anything wierd happen to you last night?\" Scott: \"No. Why?\" Monica: \"Oh,I dont know. Just wonderin'.\" -Monica looks at Scott and smiles. Scott: \"So Monica,Im curious. Why are you here?\" Monica: \"Well,me and my girlfriend Sarah have been waiting for somethingnlike this for a long time.\" Scott: \"Staying in a supposedly haunted house for the weekend?\" -Scott say's with a little sarcasm while smiling. Monica chuckles. Monica: \"We just thought it would be fun to get out,meet some people,younknow.\" Scott: \"I see.\" -Monica and Scott take a few steps. Monica looks over at Scott. Monica: \"Do you believe what Professor Helton said in there last nightnabout the house?\" Scott: \"Well,I guess. Not any of the ghost stuff,but people did die here.nAnd here they are.\" -Scott say's while looking at the crosses and tombstones. Monica: \"Yep. Look at all of them. Its so sad.\" Scott: \"Yeah,I know. Its so bizzare all these deaths occured here though.\" -Monica kneels down to the tombstone she is infront of. She reads it out. Monica: \"Joseph Melvin,1863-1875. He was only twelve years old.\" -Monica looks over at the tombstone next to it. Monica: \"Jesus.\" -Scott looks over at a big tombstone. Scott: \"Victor Ruth. 1787-1831.\" -Scott turns to Monica. Scott: \"Wasnt he the one who built this house?\" Monica: \"I think so. How old was he?\" -She goes to the large tombstone. Monica: \"41.\" -Monica sees his wifes tomstone beside his. Monica: \"1844.\" -Flash of a closeup on dead Amelia's face on her bed. Monica looks aroundnthe cemetery. Monica: \"I dont like this place.\" Scott: \"Yeah,mean either.\" They both take off for the little gate to the cemetery. A shot of themnheading towards the house is seen behind Victor's tombstone. Monica: \"When I was driving here I found a nice place to walk,just a littlenway further from here.\" EXT-COUNTRY ROAD-DAY -Monica and Scott are walking down the lonely country lane. Eerie. Thentrees surrounding it are actually alive,full of pine needles,pine cones,andnunder them dry pine needles,brown. The road isn't paved. The sidewalk isngrass. Monica: \"What do you think is really behind all those boards on the thirdnfloor?\" -Say's Monica in a flat tone. Scott: \"I dont know.\" -Scott shrugs his shoulders while saying that. Monica: \"That woman on the tour saw something there. It-it scared her. I'mnseeing things too.\" -Scott then looks at Monica after gazing off into whatever he was thinking. Scott: \"Like what?\" Monica: \"I thought I saw someone in the library.\" -She laughs unconvincingly. Monica: \"Last night I felt something touch my face.\" -Monica points to her scratch. Monica: \"Right here.\" -Scott follows her finger with his eyes as she points to the scratch. Scott: \"How would that happen?\" -Monica lifts her shoulders,she could say \"I dont know\",but her look tellnus. Then Scott stops alarmed. Scott: \"Shhh...I hear something.\" Monica: \"Wha'?\" -Leaves crunching under footsteps is heard. But this isn't human. Its anblack dog stepping out from behind the bushes. Monica and Scott looknafraid. The dog stares at them with its two big black eyes growling. Theynstep away without keeping there eyes off of it. Scott: \"Come on.\" -They turn and walk back to where the house would be. Monica turns backnagain as she's walking. The dog is still staring at them. They continuenwalking on the road. A shot of the dogs eyes again. It walks into thenbushes once again. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-DAY -Monica and Scott walk for the front door. Monica opens it. INT-MAIN HALL-DAY -A high shot of Scott and Monica coming inside. They close the door. Monicanwalks on to the staircase and Scott stays where he is standing looking atnher. Scott: \"So I guess Ill see you around 'ey?\" Monica: \"Sure.\" -Scott smiles slightly as Monica walks up the stairs to turn to her bedroomndoor down the left bedroom hallway. INT-DEREKS STUDY-DAY -The lights in Professor Derek Heltons room are dimmed as usual as he looksnthrough photos of him and his deceased wife with his research papers on hisndesk nearby. Mark steps in his door looking at Derek and his photos. Mark: \"What are those?\" -Derek turns around to face Mark. Derek: \"Nothing. Just some old photos I keep.\" Mark: \"Of who?\" -Derek swallows hard. Derek: \"My wife.\" Mark: \"Ah...say,I was just going down to the kitchen,would you like somenwine? I brought plenty.\" Derek: \"Sure.\" INT-KITCHEN-DAY Mark: \"How do you like yours? On the rocks?\" Derek: \"It doesnt matter.\" Mark: \"If you say so.\" -Mark pours Derek a glass. Mark then picks up the bottle. Mark: \"1957. Drink up.\" -Derek takes a swig and puts his small glass down. Mark then pours himselfna glass and takes a sip. Mark: \"So what do you figure?\" Derek: \"Excuse me?\" Mark: \"Is this place all you have imagined? Anything interesting to you?\" Derek: \"I suppose. No real paranormal activity at the moment. Ofncourse,I'll be here if anything goes on.\" Mark: \"I did hear something last night in my room. Im not quite sure whatnit was.\" Derek: \"Probably nothing. Ive experienced a few noises last night,butnnothing out of the ordinary yet.\" -There is a little moment of silence. Mark: \"How are things going with you and your wife Derek?\" -Derek gives a moment. Hes obviously kinda shocked with the question. Derek: \"She...she died 6 months ago...\" Mark gives an expression of feeling guilt for asking a question with such anhorrible answer. Mark: \"Oh my god...Im sorry,I didnt know.\" Derek: \"Thats alright. Im trying to get over it,but I cant try hard enough.nShe was pregnant. It was a carcrash. I was at home. We could have both diednif I went with her.\" Dereks eyes get watery but holds in tears. He holds up his glass and takesnanother drink. Mark looks down at the ground lost for words. INT-SARAHS ROOM-DAY -Sarah is in the bathroom looking in the mirror getting her hair ready.nShes wearing jeans and a red shirt and a brown leather jacket. Shes combingnher hair now. Then something runs behind her. She sees it through thenmirror. It was fast,and wasnt clearly visible. She turns around and putsnher comb down on the counter in front of the mirror. She hears footstepsnleading out of her room. She follows the sound out of her bathroom andnbedroom to the bedroom hallway. She then hear footsteps up the stairs tonthe third floor. Sarah: \"Hello?\" Sarah follows them up the stairs. A shot from the top of the stairs showsnSarah going up them. She sees the paintings on both sides of the walls andngets an uneasy feeling about them. Nonetheless,she still follows them upnthe stairs. When shes at the top she stops. The library door opens up onnher left. She looks over. INT-MAIN PARLOR-DAY -Ray is sitting on the chair staring at the fireplace doing nothing. Monicanwalks in. She has a camera. Monica: \"Hy Ray. Do you wanna go outside? Im about to take some pictures ofnthe area.\" -Ray turns around. Ray: \"No thats okay Monica,you go have fun,I'll just stay here.\" Monica: \"Alright. Seeyah later.\" -Ray faces back to the fireplace. Ray: \"Yep.\" INT-MAIN HALL-DAY -Monica heads out the front doors. INT-LIBRARY-DAY -Sarah continues walking through to see who is in here. She hears a crash. Sarah: \"Is somebody here?\" -Sarah walks to where the noise occured. She sees the door with the blanknwall behind it open. And the blank wall has an opening on it. She looks atnit strangely. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-DAY -Monica is walking outside the front of the mansion a little ways into thenlittle flower garden. She looks up at the trees. Some are dead,and some arenbeautiful. Strange how a place can be eerie and pretty at the same time.nThere is a slight breeze as shes wearing a warm coat. She is in the forestnnow walking on the crunched leaves on a trail. She then sees a ball rollingnon the ground about 20 feet away from her. A white ball. She has a strangenlook on her face echoing why would a childs ball be here. And it is. Anneight year old boy runs up to it and picks it up. Monica is looking at him.nHe senses it and turns around to look her straight in the face. The ball isnin both hands up to his chest. He turns away and runs into the forestnagain. Monica is confused. It looks exactly like the boy on the photo thatndied years ago without a trace of what happened except the white ball. Shenbacks away. Then turns and walks back to the mansions direction lookingnback once. A front shot of the forest. Monica walks out and keeps on goingnforward to the mansion. Past the water fountain and garden to the frontndoors. She shuts the doors behind her and takes a deep breath and opens herneyes again. She then proceeds to walk to the stairs and up them,to turnnleft to the hallway where she then goes to her bedroom. Or tries to. Herndoor is locked. She then grabs the doorknob and tries opening it again. Monica: \"Shit...\" -She then hears someone in there. Crying. She puts her ear against thendoorknob and the crying continues. Monica: \"Whos in there? Are you hurt?\" -She then remembers her keys to her room that Derek gave her and thenothers. Monica: \"Stay there,im coming in,dont worry.\" -She gets it from her pocket and opens the door with it. Monica: \"Is everythi-\" -Theres nobody in the room. Another face of confusion hits her. She goesnover to her desk to put down her things like her jacket. Then she hearsnpounding on the floor below her. She looks down at the floor and hears itnagain. She goes over to the end of the room and pulls over the carpet.nNothing. Then theres more pounding. Wierd as its coming from under thenfloor. She goes out of her room downstairs to see whats under her roomnholding the little knob at the end of the stairs then letting go to keepnwalking. As soon as shes under the staircase,she goes left,where hernbedroom would be if she were upstairs. At the end of the hall under thensecond floor there is a door. The end is where Monicas room starts. Thendoor is open. She goes to it,and it is a basement. She can tell because ofnhow dark it is,and that a set of old wooden stairs sits before her goingndown. There is lightswitch next to the door. She turns it on and seesncobwebs and a dusty area below like most basements. She then goes down thenstairs looking everywhere to see if anybody is there. The basement is not anhuge area. Its basically a dusty square with a crate sitting in thencorner,a few childs toys,a music box and a bed. Although she notices theresnmore to the basement by a dark walkway. She goes into it. Theres a rat onnthe floor and she cringes. Then a dead rat. Theres a hole in the floor withnclothing sticking out of it. Monica looks into it. She cant see anythingnbut theres a P.O.V. of someone in there looking up at her and heavynbreathing. A large shadow runs behind her. Then the pounding starts again.nThe same pounding from her bedroom. She walks back into the main part ofnthe basement and sees a ladder up to a vent. Monica is afraid and thenlights go out. She panics and runs as fast as she can up the stairs. Thendoor is slowly closing but she gets out as it closes the rest of the way.nShe goes back up to her room and looks through the carpet again and seesnthe vent. She takes it out and looks through it. The ladder stands there.nThen theres a P.O.V. inside the basement looking up at the light of thenvent upstairs. It moves forward and grabs the ladder and starts coming up.nMonica can hear it but it was too dark too see anything but the top of thenladder. Sarah comes in. Sarah: \"Monica.\" -Monica turns around and then puts the vent back on. Monica: \"Yes?\" Sarah: \"You have to see what I found upstairs in the library!\" -Monica gets up. INT-LIBRARY-DAY -Sarah moves on with Monica behind her. Sarah: \"Right over here.\" -She stops at a door,and opens it. Theres a black wall behind it. Monica: \"Sarah,we've already been here.\" Sarah: \"But have you seen this?\" -She grabs the right side of the blank wall. There is a thin opening fromntop to bottom. She pulls at it and it slides to the left. Its a secretnpassage. Sarah: \"We've been told of these by Derek. Monica: \"Oh my god...\" -Inside is possibly a huge storage space. Monica looks up and sees a ropenhanging with the bottom tied up in a noose. The whole area is similar tonthe basement. Only instead of crates,there were boxes with decor and stuffninside them. The walls were made of brick. Sarah: \"Wierd 'uh?\" Monica: \"Yeah...\" -She again looks up at the rope strangely. Monica: \"Isnt this where Mr. Ruth hung himself?\" Sarah: \"Probably.\" -Monica looks to the end of the room. There are knobs like at the beginingnand end of a staircase. Monica: \"Whats this?\" Sarah: \"What?\" Monica: \"Over there.\" -The two walk to it. It is a set of stairs. Leading down to the firstnfloor,they were pretty long. Monica: \"Lets see whats down there...\" -They do. Its dark down there and they have no flashlights. Once theynfinally get to the bottom,there is a small door. They open it,and they arenin the main hall. Monica: \"What?\" -They are coming out of the fireplace. It has a little passage on its rightnside. Sarah: \"But...\" -They both look at eachother,then the fireplace. It closes up on its bricksntill its all red. The red fades to outside. The evening sky. The shot isnbetween two trees. Elizabeth is walking infront of Ruth mansion. The sun isnsetting. She is quietly humming to herself. Touching the trees and littlenflowers in the garden. She then looks over at the big water fountain andnwalks over to it. She is smiling looking into her reflection in the water.nThe water is surprisingly clean for bieng so old. She puts her hands intonthe glistening water and wipes it against her face. The birds are chirpingnaway. She opens her eyes and spots something inside the water floating up.nIt suddenly comes into view. A little girls face. Not the same one with thenwhite dress,but with a blue dress and blonde almost curly hair. The imagendissapears in the water. Elizabeth backs away stepping on the green grassnmixed with the crunched leaves. She looks over at the forest where shenheard a voice muttering \"Come here...\"nShe comes forward towards where she heard the voice. It is the same trailnMonica came down. She passes a big tree. And a foot steps down behind it. Anwet,dirty foot with torn clothing on it. She hears the voice again comingnfrom her left side. Theres a crate like in the basement sitting there. Itsnnot locked up because it is partially open. She goes to it and opens it. Itnis the crate from the basement. There is the music box in it. It opens andnplays itself. Elizabeth looks up and sees the two hanging men on thenbranches of a tree. Then a P.O.V. is coming in fast behind her. Leaves arenflying up in the air. She turns around and screams and the camera zoomsninto her mouth,and a flash of somethings face goes by. Its mouth is open,itnhas no eyes and a blank spot where its nose should be with its long hairndirty with leaves in it. EXT-MANSION-EVENING -A shot of one of the mansions towers with its white curtains over it. Itsnwindow is open making the curtain sway in the breeze a little. Monica isnlooking out of it. It closes up. INT-TOWER VIEW-EVENING -Monica is admiring the view of the area from the top floor in the tower. Anfront shot of Monicas face. Scott comes in the little door to the towernview behind her. Monica turns to him. Monica: \"Hy Scott...\" Scott: \"Hey. What are you doing?\" -Monica turns around in a shot almost identical to the front shot of hernface before smiling a little. Monica: \"I'm looking at the view. Its beautiful. The ocean is overnthere,then the forest...\" Scott: \"I know. Its great,isnt it?\" Monica: \"Yeah...\" -He walks over to her and looks with her. -A long shot of the valley,sea,and driveway from the window. Scott: \"Pretty high up here. Wouldnt want to fall down.\" Monica: \"I know...Too bad something so awful happened to such a beautifulnplace. So many people...just died here...Places like this...just make yournimagination work...I mean...places like this make your mind play tricks onnyou.\" Scott: \"I know what you mean.\" Monica: \"Something happened to you last night?\" Scott: \"Well...no.\" -Its obvious Scott is holding in what happened to him last night. Hisndream,the footsteps. Monica sighs and looks out the window again. Scottnlooks up at the cieling. Its spiral because they are in one of the towers. EXT-OUTSIDE MANSION-EVENING -A light is on in one of the windows outside. INT-MANSION-EVENING -Derek is in his little room writing about what spiritual activity has beenngoing on sinse he and his group arrived. He hears the door creak behindnhim. He looks back at the door. He thinks nothing of it,as most would. Hengets back to writing. Now were in the parlor. Ray is having a small glassnof wine and taking his pills. He then walks out of the parlor and goes downnto the kitchen. Then he hears a noise in the cabinet. Like something in it.nThen he sees the rope dangle in it. He walks over and looks into it.nPitchblack,much too dark to see anything. The rope dangles again in hisnface. He sees the handle to it. He turns it. Something is down there. Henturns it again. Whatever is on the rope is heavy. He lets go. Then he grabsnit and turns it again. All of the sudden the rope zooms up very fast andnwhat is hanging on it is Joseph,the 12 year old dead german boy who diednhere during the houses early days. Ray lets out a scream and holds hisnchest and falls dead. He has had a heart attack. INT-BEDROOM HALLWAY-EVENING -Mark is walking through the bedroom hallway on the second floor. He isnalone. The lights are switched off. He sees the mysterious door with thensheet over it in front of him someways. He doesnt go any further then thenstaircase leading to the first floor. He goes down them and takes a leftnfor the main hall. He looks down at the desk and sees a broken wine glass.nProbably was Ray's. He hears a crack. He sees the fireplace. Its secretnpassage is open. Mark thinks this is wierd sinse only Monica and Sarah havenseen it. Out of confusion,he looks into it. He hears footsteps up thenrather large stairs. He goes up them. Mark: \"Ray? Are you up there?\" -He continues going up the dusty stairs and keeps hearing the footsteps. Henreaches the top and sees a coat in the corner. Thinking its just hanging,henturns away. Then all of the sudden a huge figure with a large axe steps outnfrom behind him. The figure slams the axe in the back of his skull,and hisneyes widen in shock. He is then pushed down the stairs and falls down tonthe bottom. The figure steps away after looking down at the now dead Mark. EXT-OUTSIDE-EVENING -A slight breeze runs through the branches of a big tree with a rope on itntied up in a noose. Its an elm. The ocean has waves running through it,andnthe huge field has wind blowing through the weeds. The lonely country roadnsurrounded by leafless trees. The sky is getting darker in the next shot.nThe next shot shows the sun slowly going down behind a mountain. Now it isncompletely dark,and a shot of the house is seen. INT-MANSION-NIGHT -The large staircase in the main hall is shown,panning up to the top ofnthem. Connecting to it is a dark hallway with several doors leading tonbedrooms. One bieng open. Monica is in the shower next to her room. Sarah: \"Monica! Are you in there?\" -Sarah stands next to the bathroom door waiting. Monica: \"Yes Sarah,I just got in here!\" -Monicas eyes roll. Sarah: \"Well hurry up,I plan on going to bed tonight!\" -Sarahs voice is interrupted by something elses. It says \"Sarah...\"nit is a childs voice which seems to be ending at the hall. Sarah: \"Hello? Is somebody there?\" Monica: \"Sarah,who are you talking to?\" Sarah: \"I dont know. It said my name...\" -Sarah goes off getting closer to where the voice was heard from,until shengets to the end of the hall. She looks over and sees someone in a whitendress walking. It stops,turns around slowly,and looks at her. Sarah staresnback into those lifeless eyes. She is frightened and her face takes on anterrified expression. She backs up and looks at the floor boards. They arensqueaky and old. She looks further and sees a white shoe,the same as one ofnthe shoes the little girl is wearing. Her other foot is cut up,and the shoenSarah stands before is bloody. Sarah screams and runs down the main stairsnto the front door in which she tries to open forgetting its locked for thennight. Monica stands at the top of the stairs with a towel on. Monica: \"Sarah! What are you doing?!\" -Sarah looks up and turns around crying. Sarah: \"Monica...we...have to...get out of here!\" Monica: \"What are you talking about,what happened?\" Sarah: \"You wouldnt understand. Ever sinse I have been here Ive been seeingnthings!!\" Monica: \"Its just the hou-\" Sarah: \"Dont give me that bullshit!! The things im seeing are worse thenngoddamn shadows in the dark,and a hell of a lot worse then anything I amnimagining!!\" -Sarah calms down some while Monica waits. Sarah continued: \"At first,I thought it was in my head. Thencloset,window,and even the strange noises. But now I know. Somethings here.nSomethings in this house...\" Monica: \"Why dont you sleep with me tonight,and get your mind off things.nIts all in your head...\" Sarah: \"Sure. You'll see.\" -Monica looks over the stairs and sees something. The girl in white. Itnwalks away into the darkness. Monica gets a chill. Sarah: \"What is it?\" Monica looks back. Monica: \"Nothing...\" -Various shots of the houses rooms come by. We see the guillotine in andarkened room. Next is a moving shot of a door,inside it bieng pitch black.nNext is a shot of the cabinet with rope on the floor next to it. It soonnbecomes a P.O.V. shot of something moving,we never really see it. It keepsnwalking through the mansion. Vickie walks by,and a vase near the entitynfalls down and breaks. It gets Vickies attention,she looks back and gets anglimpse of a leg going into a door. Vickie slowly walks over and peeks intonthe opening of the door. She sees nothing but hears footsteps forwarding tonher,and before she turns away she sees an eye. An eye so dead andnterrifyingly abnormal that she screams. INT-SCOTTS ROOM-NIGHT -Scott is woken by the bloodcurdling cry for help. Scott: \"Liz? Vickie?!\" -Its obvious scott is chilled by the sound. He gets out of his bed and getsnout of his room after hearing faint breathing a distancenaway. Scott: \"Whos there? Are you alright?!\" -Scott doesnt get an answer. Scott: \"Jesus,what the fu-\" -Scott is interrupted by something running behind him. He sees the brokennvase that has fallen when Vickie was there,by the room she looked into.nScott runs over to the rooms open door and turns on the light switch.nEverything looks normal. A bed at the corner of the room,a desk with ansmall mirror on it. A ledger for photos. Not as big or fancy as most of thenrooms in the house. Scott: \"Is anybody in here?\" -Scott is confused,its seen in his face expression. He goes over to thenphotos and looks at them. There is a little girl smiling. The next photonshows the girl not smiling,and the next shows a cross with the name EmilynRuth on it. He turns away from them and sees a quick flash before his eyesnof a dead,cut up Emily Ruth. It cuts back to reality where the room isnanything but believable as blood is splattered all over the walls andnthrough the little mirror on the desk Scott sees Emily Ruth getting killednby something. She is stabbed in the stomach and all over her chest untilnthe knife plunges into her heart killing her as she is screaming with bloodngurgling out her mouth. The mirror shatters and Scott yells and then is hitnin the back of the head with the same knife. He falls over dead. All isnsilent but the haunting rhythm of the girls music box...The scene fades tonblack. INT-MONICAS ROOM-NIGHT -Fades in. Monica and Sarah are on the bed. Sarah faces Monica. Sarah: \"Come on Monica...\" -Monica looks Sarah in the eye. Sarah continued: \"I see them. Why dont you?\" Monica: \"Fine,I'll admit it. This place gets to me. But the things I seenare just images in my head created by the fear of this place.\" -Monica rolls over to the other side of the bed. Monica continued: \"I dont know what to think anymore...\" -Sarah keeps looking at her. Sarah: \"Do you believe in ghosts Monica?\" -Monica rolls back. Monica: \"What?\" Sarah: \"...Do you?\" Monica: \"What kind of question is that Sarah?\" Sarah: \"Exactly what it sounds like.\" Monica: \"No. Not really.\" Sarah: \"Your hiding something from me.\" -Monica pauses looking as if she is hiding something. Something only to bensaid in her mind only. A secret. Monica: \"I...I have been seeing things my whole life Sarah. Well. Sensingnthings anyway. You dont know what its like living alone Sarah. No mom,nondad,no husbands,no brothers,no sisters. Things happen in our minds becausenwe want them to happen. Some good,some bad. It seems something has beenninterrupting my life. I dont know what it was I saw when I arrived here fornthe first time.\" -Flashback of what she saw on the top floor from an outside window. Monica continued: \"I at first thought it was just a vision. Just mynimagination. But as more things happened,I became more...\" -Flash of what she saw in front of her bed that first night. Monicanpauses,looking back. Sarah: \"Monica. What did you see?\" Monica: \"A little girl.\" -Sarah looks worried. Monica continued: \"A little girl in a white dress. And white slippers.\" -Sarah is now convinced she isnt alone. Monica: \"Whats wrong?\" -She looks afraid. Monica continued: \"Sarah?\" Sarah: \"Me too...\" Monica: \"What are you talking about?\" Sarah: \"I saw her. In the halls. Blonde hair. Blue eyes.\" -As Sarah tells,her eyes swell up. A tear runs down her cheek. Monicantouches her face gently. Monica: \"Sarah...Its okay...\" -Sarah removes Monicas hand,and rolls back again. Sarah: \"I wish I could convince myself.\" -Nonica looks over at the window. Then falls asleep. -We are in Dereks room. The chandelier is seen,then the camera pans down tonDerek sitting in his chair asleep. A P.O.V. shot from behind comes closernto Derek. We see a dirty hand clutch his shoulder. This awakes him and henpanics for a second. But whatever grabbed him is now gone. He sighs. Hengets up and walks to the washroom beside his room,and opens the door,walksnto the tap,and turns it on. He washes his hands,and wipes his face. As soonnas his eyes are cleared after wiping he sees someone in the mirror withnblonde hair,similar to Emily Ruth,but in a blue dress. It was Margeret,thensecond daughter. Now Derek is scared,turns around and all the lights shutnoff. He sees the light in the door,and runs to it,and sees that his bedroomndoor is locked. Derek turns to the front view of the room and the girl isnbehind him. She dissapears,and Derek hears and looks back to see. An unseennspirit grabs Derek from behind while he struggles and shouts and is thrownninto the window which breaks. Derek falls through the window three storiesndown and is crushed. A shot of Margerets eyes closeup staring down. Ancloseup shot of her mouth slightly smiling. INT-MONICAS ROOM-NIGHT -Monica is in bed. Her eyes open. She sits up and sees Sarah stillnsleeping. She doesnt bother waking her up before leaving the room. Shenleaves the door open. Monica notices how quiet the house is. She stares atnall the closed doors while continuing walking. She doesnt know what shesndoing,but she feels something isnt right. Another P.O.V. of ghostnshot,walking into Monicas room through the door. Back to Monica walkingnthrough another dark hallway. She stops,and turns to a door. Emily Ruthsnroom. Scenes of the ghost in Monicas room,and Monica going into Emilys roomnare mixed. Monica has a look of bieng alone,and hears a sound in thencloset. She walks slowly to it,and opens it. There are dresses in there.nShe looks at the left corner which is darkened. Nothing. Then she looks atnthe right and screams. Scotts dead body lies there with a bloody wound innhis head after bieng stabbed. His eyes terrified her the most. So lifeless.nShe screams again and is thrown into an attack of hysterics. The cameranzooms in real fast on everything in the room,mixed with images of deadnpeople,dolls,and knives penetrating skin. One last scream escapes her mouthnbefore she runs out. Back in Monicas room,the ghost still approaches Sarah.nIts a foot away from her,and lifts the small knife its possessing up in thenair ready to plunge. Monica runs into the room and Sarah jolts up. Beforenthe light switch is clicked,Sarah sees Emily Ruth raising her knife withnher smirk. Sarah screams now,and backs away from the bed. Monica face isnstill high in shock,eyes bulging out,with a sweaty face. Sarah is nondifferent. Monica: \"Sc-scotts de-dead...\" -She is stuttering. Monica: \"In the-closet...\" Sarah: \"No...\" -Sarah cant believe her ears. And gets up and keeps her eyes on Monica.nMonica catches something in the corner of her eyes. A dark figure stands upnbehind Sarah and walks over to her back. Monica: \"Sarah!!\" -Sarah turns around and sees its face for a second,then the desks startnshaking and the noise comes from all around the room,as if its taking on anlife of its own. Then the lightbulbs explode and the entire room is darknbesides the doorway. Sarah turns to the door and runs out and Monicanfollows. They run through the dark corridors of the house. Monica: \"What the hell is going on?!\" -She doesnt get an answer,and Sarah runs downstairs towards the big doors.nShe looks for something to break it down. She spots an axe. She picks it upnand runs back to the doors and swings at them. It has no effect. She swingsnagain and nothing happens. Sarah: \"Jesus christ!!!\" -She doesnt give up hitting the door with it,until the top of the axenbreaks off. Sarah: \"Sh*t!!\" -Sarah is pouting. Monica stands there without a thought on her mind othernthen getting out of the house. Monica: \"You think anybody else is still here?\" Sarah: \"I dont know.\" Monica: \"Shouldnt we look for them?\" Sarah: \"You seen what happened in there. And you seen Scott in thencloset...dead...No way. I am getting out of here!\" -Sarah goes to the next room. Monica: \"Where are you going?!\" Sarah: \"Trying to find a way out!\" -Sarah keeps walking until Monica feels no choice but to catch up to her. Monica: \"Where would you find that?!\" -Sarah turns around to face Monica. She backs away as she talks,until shesnbehind another door. Sarah: \"I dont know! Would you rather stay out there or atleast try and getnout of here?\" -The door infront of her shuts tight. Monica: \"Sarah!!!\" -Cuts to where Sarah is where once again she has a distorted face of shocknand is sweating. Her heart is beating rapidly. All of the suddenneverything dims around her. The room is pitch black. Nothing is seeable butnherself. As she tries to calm down,she hears something. A child singingnsoftly. A beautiful yet chilling voice. Sarah walks forward,even though shendoesnt have a clue of where she is. Then shes it. The girl is in a bluendress. Margaret. She is faced in another position standing,and stillnsinging. She seems to be dirty,with dirt on her dress,and dried blood onnthe skin of her arm. Sarah bieng as curious as she is comes closer,rathernthen running away. There is something about Margaret that draws Sarahncloser to her. She finally reaches her,and takes her hand,and softlynpresses against it. Then it starts. Sarah cant get her hand out of hers.nMargaret squeezes it tight,and Sarahs face expression shows that she hasnmade a dire mistake. Margaret flips around facing Sarah,with her head down.nThen her head comes up,and we see those two eyes again. Those two ominousneyes giving that chilling lifeless stare,with the skin around the two palengreen,wet,and rotted. Sarah gives her last scream out of her mouth as shensees what we dont. -Back to Monicas whereabouts still looking at the door hearing her bestnfriends terrified scream echoe through the walls. Suddenly the wooden doornswings open,only this time,the room inside it,looking normal. Something isndripping above the door. Dripping blood. Monica slowly looks up and seesnprofessor Derek Helton on a rafter on the cieling. He is crushed from biengnthrown out of the window. Blood runs out of his mouth and other parts ofnhis gored up body. The rafters Dereks corpse lays on start to fall apart.nAnd they fall right infront of Monica who is still too shocked fornwords,shivering violently. The door she came from shuts behind her. Thencieling is still making noises. Its almost twisting around,but not really.nA crack erupts from it. Breathing is heard from it. Dust falls out of it,asnmore cracks appear. The desk starts shaking and glasses fall off it. Thenlittle gothic small statues also fall from it,not breaking when hitting thenfloor hard. Curtains blow in the air,with the windows behind them crackingnand coming apart. The fireplace is erupting with fire,and the faucets innthe kitchen run blood. Now the floor is cracking. From one crack beside hernlegs opens up it gets larger and doesnt stop till its at the end of thenroom. Monica jumps away. The room distorts as the cieling slides down. Thenlights turn on and off. Just flickering. Everytime light appears,deadnpeople,ghosts,are seen. She sees Emily at the corner of the room. Each timenlight flickers her way,the image of Emily darts closer,until the huge cracknon the floor is big enough for Monica to fall through. Whats beneath thenfloor is the same blackness as Sarah met her demise in. Only herself isnvisible. She looks up and there is no crack above her. Just black like thenrest of her surrounding. A light source turns on. Its a candle on a desknwith a notebook on it. Monica: \"Oh my god...\" Monica walks closer to the desk. Its a diary. Emily Ruths diary. She picksnit up and sees its not locked. She turns the page to see Emily writingnabout her personal life. She goes down skipping lines,and turns to the nextnpage. Halfway through the paper there is a dried stain and a messed upnline. Dried blood. Monicas eyes widen. A flashback of Emily on her desk innher room writing in her diary that Monica now is holding. Monica looks downnand sees the blood is now wet. She drops it in shock. Another flashback ofnEmily writing her diary is seen. Only something is coming closer to hernwriting. A P.O.V. shot coming closer halfway visible in her little mirror.nShots of Monica and Emily come together until something grabs Emilysnhair,and stabs into her chest spraying blood onto her diary. Next we arenseen Emily bieng murdered through her mirror like Scott seen before hendied. The flashbacks stop. Monica looks forward. Emily stands there. Monicanscreams,and Margeret shows up behind her. They are both coming straight fornher. She turns around to see Margeret,and little flashes of Margerets deathnappear. She is over the water fountain admiring it. The same dark figurenappears and violently pushes her little head into the fountain. She isndrowning and screaming in the water until she passes out. Monica is almostnonce again in hysterics. The two entities forward her and suddenly gonthrough her. Then an array of disturbing images fill the screen. A littlengirl without a nose flashes by,along with a church,then a statue of andemented creature. Monicas terrified eye closes up mixed with shots of anhand reaching out for her face. It reaches it,and Monicas face screamsnwhile her eyes roll over. Then all turns black. INT-OUTSIDE MANSION-DAY Monica is on the field standing looking up at the sky with Ruth mansionnright behind her. Shes just staring at the white morning England sky. Anfaraway shot of the land with Monica standing there. She fades into thinnair. The house has claimed another victim. She shall dwell there forever... EXT-CREDITS -The childs music box plays as the credits go by. When it is finished,thenhaunted bedroom theme plays,then Mansion,the main theme plays till the end. ","Summary":" Mansion Script -Opening Credits. All is quiet. The wind is whistling against the deadntrees. Fades "},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Death Is Coming","Author":"Moonchild10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1256145","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I OWN nothing! I am a homicidal maniac, and I own nothing!nBLARG!!!! All the blood All the gore All the screams One closed door. Death closes in A morbid sight It's as if it's telling you Say goodnight Hush little children Don't say a word Death is coming Morbid bird Deep black death, Oh so deep. Does you no good To try and sleep. Death is near Comes so fast A fatal black and deadly blast. Nothing to do But sit and wait It's no use Tempting fate. There it be. Mwa Hahahaha ~Moonchild the Homicidal Maniac (MTHM) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I OWN nothing! I am a homicidal maniac, and I own nothing!nBLARG!!!! All the blood All "},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Lyndsay, Secrets, and Perfect Revenge","Author":"luvmusic97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6308645","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 12:30 a.m. I am in my room, crying on my pillow. That Georgia Nicolson is the whole cause of this mess. I really dislike her. 12:35 a.m. I didn't say \"hate\" because that would be stooping to her boyfriend stealing, dirty level. So, I only dislike her. 12:37 a.m. I hate her. 10:12 a.m. The reason I'm upset with her is because (obviously) she stole my boyfriend Robbie. Why, may I ask, why would he choose her over me? She has a nose like someone stuck a watermelon on her face and there was no glue remover in the world that could have taken it off. 10:20 a.m. We have nothing in common, so there's no reason that I could have liked her from the moment I saw her at my school. It's quite obvious that we have nothing in common, I mean, what are the chances of her actually having a diary and writing in it the way that I do? She's too much of a slob to do that. 11:02 a.m. My new friends came over, super nice to me. We had met in the hallway at Stag Union and they seemed much more nicer than my old ones. So I began to spend time with Tina, Izzy, and Gemima instead of ...them. I should have dumped my old friends a long time ago, they didn't like how I decorated my room! Anyway, we talked and we all agree: we dislike Georgia Nicolson. We also agreed that something this serious. calls for revenge. 1:47 p.m. Feeling nervous, doubt that this will work. 5:43 p.m. Went out for some dinner with the gang. We were talking and then, all of a sudden, we were talking about our plan. It makes me very nervous, but I don't know why. \"Lyndsay, you can't back out now. We need to bring justice to the 'water melon' (our code name for Georgia). You dislike her as much as we do...or don't you?\" Izzy asked. I nodded. \"So don't forget the plan. Now, who's the eagle eye again? \"Me!\" Gemima squealed. \"This is going to work perfectly. When we're done, she'd rather be running around in her nuddy pants than be seen with Robbie...hopefully.\" Afterwards, we went to Tina's to have some make-over's. Then, we had a beauty contest. Where have these friends been all along? Saturday 3:06 a.m. Today is the plan day, we all wanted it starting soon because we're all to impatient to embarass the water melon. The deed has to be done soon, justice is needed. 3:09 a.m. It's a very good thing that I'm on the juvenile side today. 3:10 a.m. Hehehe. 11:58 a.m. Went over to Tina's to get the sleeping powder. \"You do know what to do, right? You remember exactly what to do?\" \"Of course! How dim-witted do you think I am?\" Tina asked. \"Then prove it!\" I retorted. \"OK, first you get the sleeping powder. Then, you go with your date (who is George) over to Cafe Noir and 'accidentally' bump into Robbie and Georgia. You guys suggest a double date and Robbie will have to say yes-I mean, that's the kind of person he is. Then, George will begin talking to Georgia and get her to go to the loo. Then you wi...\" \"That's good enough, I'll need your twin and the powder then I'll be off and operation 'The Dump' will be a-go.\" \"George! Get down here!\" Tina called. He came loping down the stairs and sighed. Tina handed the powder over and I left. So now, all I have to do is wait here until I see Georgia and Robbie. Fingers crossed! 6:49 p.m. I have just had the best day ever! When Robbie and Georgia popped up, you could just see the fear in her eyes. She was so suspicious that she asked me, \"What are you up to now, you be...\" \"Georgia, be nice.\" Robbie said. \"What are you doing now?\" I nearly blew the whole operation by telling him what I was about to do-I had spent most of last night running it over and over in detail in my head...but anyway, George did his part and Georgia was sprinting to the bathroom. I was able to distract Robbie to put the powder in his lunch. The minute he put the fork in his mouth, he just keeled over. I was on him, and right on que, Georgia came out of the bathroom. I gave her a little smirk, and I began snogging him. Of course, she ran right out crying. Then, Eagle Eye came out of the shadows. \"Brilliant! Now, lets get out of here.\" We left with Robbie lying on the floor, and George lugging behind us. What can go wrong now? 7:56 p.m. I love my life![Chapter 2] 11th September (2 weeks after the 'water melon' assignment) 4:00 a.m. Summer is nearly over, and there has been nothing exciting going on. At least Robbie and Georgia are upset with each other, serves them both right. 4:47 a.m. Hahahaha, I can still remember how great it felt. 7:12 a.m. The reason I haven't written for a while is because I'm not one of those freaks that write what they're doing every single second of the day. 7:13 a.m. But, it does give me something to do. 11:52 a.m. Had friends come over, planning what to do for the last week of the holi...they didn't give me much help anyway. 12:32 p.m. Georgia's friend \"Jas\" came over. Obviously, Georgia can't be bothered to do the dirty work herself-sending her 'best friend' over to complain. To think, I had actually been somewhat intimidated by this wimpy girl. Anyway, Jas came over to say what 'kind of person' I was. \"And, I see you're still wearing your secret 'engagement ring'-still madly in love with Robbie?\" So, I lunged for her. She was pushed down to the sidewalk and as I was about to deliver my lethal blows, Tina came up to my elbow and whispered, \"Save her for later. We can get her later.\" I shrugged off and left her there. I would love to see her try to come back. 12:47 p.m. Oh how my revenge can feel so sweet! 12:51 p.m. What kind of a name is Jas? 13th September 2:03 p.m. Today, Gemima went to the shops with me for a new teletubby alarm clock (my old one broke) and we were going around playing truth or dare. I was dared for the rest of the trip to go up to random guys and see how many dates I could get asked out on. I had seen a particularly attractive guy and was about to ask him out, when he turned around. To my horror, it was Robbie. \"Hey, Lyndsay,\" he began \"What happened at the restaurant? I don't remember what happened and Georgia wouldn't tell me, she's too upset about something. Actually, she doesn't even want to talk to me…what happened?\" \"You became delirious and began to snog me,\" I said nervously. He looked shocked and turned away and just walked out of the shop. I should be happy he's upset, but I feel bad. 1) because of the look on Robbie's face 2) because I only got asked out on 2 dates. 2:06 p.m. Now, I am worried about karma. What if something bad happens to me ? What if the house explodes on fire and I burn the whole neighborhood? I'm scared now. I need to do something fun. I think I'll clean the house-people do that for fun right? And, I'll turn off the stove and make sure my father's cigarettes are put out properly. 5:21 p.m. No fire yet. 9:19 p.m. Was on the phone with Izzy, she asked if I had found anyone new for the past 4 months. I told her there was no one attractive anywhere within 50 meters of my perimeter. She asked, \"What if you haven't found anyone because you're…. a lesbian ?\" I hung up immediately. 12:58 a.m. What if she's right? 1:35 a.m. I should embrace the fact that I'm one of the opposites and love myself for that. 2:43 a.m. The karma has begun…[Chapter 3] 20th September-School 1:37 a.m. I have been at school for a while now… and I have finally gotten a boyfriend! Yes! I am not a lesbian! But, the karma has appeared at school. 3:56 a.m. I can't get to sleep thinking about what happened at school. I just can't take it! Tina has been driving me up the wall ever since I told her about it. She just won't let it go. What's wrong with her? Can't she live with it? I mean, honestly, maturity level: 2. 3:57 a.m. I will now have to live on the ceiling to be away from it all. She just called me. Why would she call at 3:57 a.m? Why? 4:00 a.m. Oh, the irony. 5:32 a.m. So this is what the curse of karma feels like. 4:10 p.m. I hate homework, my mother makes me put it first before my room. But, I can't do that-my room is way too comfortable for me. Georgia made fun of me for having it so 'childish'. Bah. She's childish! 5:29 p.m. I was tortured once again at school, everyone making fun of me for it. I had to have my crew create a protective barrier around me just to stop people from poking me. Honestly, even the first-years were making fun of me! How I hate that Ace gang...sorry, let me do that again. How I dislike that Ace gang! Tina doesn't even belive me anymore. She believes them. 5:36 p.m. I'm calling the Ace gang \"The It's\" so that I won't have to call them their \"amazing\" name. And anyways, they're all hairy, so they deserve it. I would have told someone like my mother this, but she says that I really need a better outlet for my suppresed anger. That's the reason why she bought me this diary. Honestly, what kind of a parent does she make? What kind of a parent won't listen to their own child, their second love of their life? Possibly their first, (if they ever divorced their spouse)? 6:47 p.m. It's time to get that anger out of me now- I have to say what happened. So here it is. At school, there has been a rather vicious case of stomach flu going around. The Its' member Rosie had recently gotten it, and was out of school for a week. On Tuesday though, all of a sudden she decided that she was healthy enough to go back to Stag Union One, as long as she had about fiftly paper bags at her side. So, we had eventually gotten to my favorite class, German. Which, for some bizarre reason, Rosie and the watermelon are in. I could hear Rosie and the watermelon giggling, but i had no idea what was going on until Rosie stood up and said, \"I'm not feeling very well right now...\" Then, she turned around, faced me, stuck her finger into her mouth, and made herself throw up on me! In the end, I had gotten stomach flu, Rosie couldn't come to school for another four days, and the watermelon got four days detention with the principal because, after Rosie had finished her barfing, she tried the heimelich manouver on her to throw up some more. Anyway, when I got back, everyone was laughing at me. I had gone up to my so-called bestest-bestie, Tina to ask what was going on. She simply gave a little smirk and walked away. Fortunately though, my true friends stayed by me. They told me everything. Gemima had said how the It's had 'found' my diary and gave away all my secrets. They said that they had found it somwhere in my house-but they didn't tell where. \"It's the most repulsive thing that I've ever heard!\" Gemima said. \"What's wrong with them? If they were truth-tellers, they would know that there's a new compartment in your new teletubby alarm clock!\" Then, I lunged at her. \"Be quiet, do you want everyone to hear ?\" I hissed. Oh, they don't get any dumber than that. ","Summary":" 12:30 a.m. I am in my room, crying on my pillow. That Georgia Nicolson is the whole cause of this m"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Dave the laugh in love!","Author":"Cupcakes29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9890833","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first Fan fiction all reviews and comments will be very helpful. My inspiration comes from the books The confessions of Georgia Nicolson, all rights to the author Louise Rennison. I have read all 10 books. So I'm sorry if I end up mixing books together. I've set it from after \"luuurve is a many trousered thing...\" Before Georgia and Masimo were a couple and after Robbie brakes up with Georgia. Here it is. 7am Friday November 29th \"What is that noise?!\" I said grumpily. All I could hear was a really loud beeping noise. The odd thing was it got louder and louder! \"Can someone turn that off?!\" I shouted, now sat upright in my bed. 7:01am It's still beeping… Wow its loud now! 7:02am Is it coming from my room? 7:03am Oh great. I can hear footsteps… yep it's my mutti. She just banged the door down. \"You're awake. Good\" She said. What is she wearing? It looks like she got it from the rubbish bin. I dare not say that though, or she'd get vair vair blastic. \"What is that noise? It sounds like some of Vatti's stupid music.\" I said in grumpily, to the fact that it had woken me up. Mutti said \"Georgia, don't be rude! I think your Dads music is Epic.\" Where did she get that word from? Who has she been talking to…? Oo-er \"The noise is your new alarm, to make sure you're up in the mornings and not moping around.\" She walked out after turning it off, muttering something about breakfast. Haha she probably hasn't bothered to go shopping, therefore more Jammy dodgers for breakfast, Yippee! Oh thanks mutti. You are soo nice, not. Well now I've got to try and get back to sleep. Great. I might as well start my glamorosity routine now that I'm up. There's going to be a stiff dylans concert tonight! Still don't know what I'm going to wear yet. Well I can ask the Ace gang when I'm at school. I almost forget. I've got to go to Stalag 14 soon. 7:05am Well… schools not till 9am or something. I'll just have 40winks. 8:05am I woke up with a startle; it was Libby singing her song. \"Poo bum bum poo!\" I looked at the clock, \"8am? Already!?\" I said to Libby before I jumped up out of my bed. I quickly brushed my teeth and put some mascara on. I can do the rest at school. I put my clothes on and grabbed my bag and ran out the door; without any breakfast, once again. 8:30am Pant pant, I've been running to Jas's, in fact she saw me coming. When I got to hers we kept running to school. 8:45am Pant pant \"Jas! I think we are late!\" I said whilst taking deep breathes and still running. Jas replied not as tired and holding her fringe \"Gee… We are early!\" Stood by a lamp post We reached a lamp post and I came to a standstill. \"Early?! What do you mean Early?!\" I said in horror. I had just done more P.E then needed today with all that running. She replied with whilst sorting out her fringe \"We have to be at school for 9am and its 8:45am, we have 15 minutes to spare. Not forgetting we are a hop skip and jump away from school.\" I stared at her and whilst trying to get my breath back said \"What? I thought…\" \"Turn around.\" Jas said I was stood there with a bright red face still breathing heavily just a little walk away from Stalag 14. 8:46am By that same lamp post, I think some dog peed here once... I could see Dave the laugh waiting outside the gate. I felt like I could cry. Everything went wrong from when I woke up. Not to mention when I was running my skirt blew up and some chavs saw. Also I was starving. I just couldn't hold in it in. I sat down on the pavement and started crying. By this time Jas has gone to the library. I refused to go with her. I'm not a geek. 8:50am Sat on the pavement Dave saw me on the pavement and walked over. No one was with him. He couldn't tell I was crying, luckily. With a big smile on his face he said \"Good morning Kitty kat!\" I looked up. I could feel tears rolling down my face. I tried to stop crying as much as I could, I didn't want him to see me like this. Not that I care about him. He was shocked by my tears and quickly sat down next to me. He said in a very soothing voice \"What's wrong kittykat?\" He sounded really worried. I think he really cared if I was alright or not. Sniff sniff I replied \"Oh nothing…\" and burst into tears again. I just wanted him to cradle me in his arms. But he has Emma and I have no one. He said \"Gee, something is wrong. Now tell the Hornmeister.\" Sniff sniff \"It's just... Everything's gone wrong already today. I guess I'm falling to pieces without Robbie. I can't take it sometimes.\" He hugged me so tightly. I wanted him to never let go. Then he kissed me softly on the head and said \"You are my Kittykat and always will be. I will always be here for you, No matter what. I have some good news for you… It might cheer you up a bit.\" I felt so loved now. I didn't miss Robbie that much now anymore and I'm sure I can fix things up with my mutti and the Alarm thing. \"Oh? What? I want to know!\" He smiled at me. \"Today, at the park 5pm I'll tell you what. But you've got to promise me you'll be happy for the rest of today. See you then?\" I smiled back and nodded. He kissed me on my head again and got up to go to school. I got up and walked with him. At Break time I had sorted myself out by now, put on my make-up and made sure my mascara was not all over my face from the crying earlier. I decided not to tell the Ace gang. I knew they would get too worried. So I kept it myself. Today we decided not to talk about boys and the snogging scale, just because of my break-up with Robbie. I really miss him. They tried to keep him off my mind today; which was nice. Then I realised, I said to Dave about meeting him at 5pm but isn't the concert then? They decided to have it early today because it is the drummer's birthday or something. Maybe he'll walk with me to the concert. Yeah that sounds great! So that's my first chapter sorry it's quite short. Please tell me what you think! Any ideas? Any mistakes? I have updated it, spacing out the paragraphs more. I think this makes it better and easier to read. Please tell me what you think! ~Cupcakes29~[Chapter 2] *Ring ring* \"FINALLY!\" I screamed as I heard the end of the day bell, I think Slim heard me in the corridors. Oh well, at least I'm out of here. Walking home The ace gang and I are talking about outfits for the stiff dylans concert, I told them about me meeting with Dave before the concert. So now it's all thoughts on my groovy outfit, which will be perfect. \"I err… I think… err… maybe… well...\" Ellen started dithering, so I decided to speed things up for her. \"That's a great idea Ellen!\" I interrupted her. \"I think a cute skirt with a fab top will do just fine, I mean I don't want to go in the nuddy or anything that would really lead Dave on!\" \"The nuddy?\" I heard a voice coming from a hedge by Tom's house (We walked a different way home for more talk on outfits and ended up passing his house) We all stopped and turned to face the hedge in shock. Rosie and Mabs went to the hedge to see what was there. Staring at a Hedge \"HANDS UP! WE HAVE CARROTS!\" Rosie shouted at the hedge. Another deeper voice from the hedge said \"Carrots?\" then I heard giggling. Suddenly something pulled both Mabs and Rosie through the hedge, yes pulled. I know odd, right? They are going to have a few bruises later… Where was I? Oh yeah \"Rosie? Mabs?\" I said as I walked towards the hedge, and I got no reply from them. Then I heard a very familiar voice from the hedge \"We want Jools, Jas and Ellen!\" It repeated itself. Jools, Jas and Ellen walked towards the hedge, and like Rosie and Mabs they got pulled in as well! I called all of their names but no one answered. I was the only one left, and starting to get scared. Then suddenly out of nowhere Sven popped up out of the hedge and pounced on me, and before I could get him off he tied a scarf around my head and on my eyes, so I couldn't see anything. Then someone else grabbed my hands a tied them up as well. I had a feeling the boys were involved with this because of Sven and the 'Hedge' wanting the girls, I'm starting to make sense out of this. The question is, did the other girls get tied up too? Sometime, Dunno where. Basically TIED UP! Within in seconds of me being tied up I started screaming \"HELP! HELP! I'M BEING Kid-mhmgh.\" They covered my mouth. Typical. Then I felt two boys picking me up and carrying me somewhere. Cor... They must have been strong; I'm probably vair vair heavy with all that food my mutti feeds me, yeah right. She doesn't feed me anything! Anyway … Yes these two boys carried me and I felt them putting me onto a chair. Then what sounded like Tom's voice a boy spoke and said \"Ladies, we have brought you here today for a very important matter. Each one of you will go into a room; you will all be spilt up. From then on the person you meet in that room will explain all!\" Then Tom said nearly forgetting \"Oh yeah and you may have to wait a minute, we've got to take you there.\" I could hear the boys rustling about and taking all the girls out but, I couldn't feel me being lifted. Whilst they were doing this I worked out who the boys would pair up with (In the rooms) so it would be Rosie and Sven, Jools and Rollo, Jas and Tom, Ellen and... Well I think she liked Dec and Mabs got on well with Edward. So that left me with err… Dave! Still tied up now in a room. I heard the door shut. I started panicking; all I wanted to do was be at home getting ready, I had my glamorosity routine to complete for the concert! My mutti will start wondering where I am soon! I could hear my heart beating faster and faster as I heard footsteps coming towards me. Then I heard this soft voice saying \"Georgia! Calm down… Your Mutti thinks you're at Jas's so you've got a good few hours. Now relax.\" I was still wondering if it was Dave or not, but at least I knew my mutti wasn't worrying. I felt the person take the piece of material around my mouth off, Yes I could speak! \"Err…. What's going on?\" I said shakily. Then the person uncovered my eyes it was Dave! I was in Tom's living room, I could see a sleeping bag next to a light brown couch. I was sat on a wooden chair facing the couch I could see the door to my right, that must've lead to the hall way. The room had lot of pictures of Tom and Robbie everywhere. Dave walked around me in circles… Gosh I was still scared don't ask me why. A few minutes later \"BLOODLY STAND STILL!\" I shouted at Dave. He stopped in front of me, a little in shock. \"Gee… what's wrong?\" He said genially wondering \"WHAT'S WRONG? WHY ARE YOU EVEN ASKING ME THAT?\" I screamed at him still tied up on the chair. Now he was scared. \"Gee... It's just a bit of fun I thought you would be happy. Remember what I said to you before school?\" He said trying to calm me down. \"Ugh… Yes yes. I know. Just untie me I look like a complete loon sitting here.\" I said to him still a little angry. He untied me. Standing up untied I stood up from the chair and was very close to him, I looked up into his eyes… gosh they're gorgey… Shut up brain! I like Masimo and Robbie... No! Robbie's gone now, I like Masimo! Oh no my lips were puckering up. A few seconds later… He walked backwards away from me. Damn it. \"Kittykat, I know it's not 5pm yet, but you can still tell me what's wrong, I know you went over it earlier but you still seem upset. Tell the hornmeister.\" He said remembering from earlier. \"I believe you have something to tell me as well!\" I said wanting him to speak first. \"Ladies first.\" He said. Why is he such a gentlemen? I sat back down in the wooden chair. \"Well… I miss Robbie and as you know I met Masimo he's gorgy and all but I don't think I can go out with him after all that's happened with Robbie. But you see… I asked masimo out! I don't know what to do!\" I blabbed all that out and it actually made sense. He replied with \"Georgia, if you want I'll have a word with Masimo for you. Tell him you think you made a mistake. As for Robbie, You know I'm always here for you. I..\" I interrupted him \"Thank you Dave. That's means a lot. Why am I and the Ace gang even here?\" He looked me in the eye and said softly \"So I could tell you this… Georgia… I really like you, I think about you non-stop and I want every moment we spend together to never end. You're my Kittykat and I love you.\" 4:00pm (I looked at a clock) I was speechless… I've been thinking about this for a long time and the fact is I like him back, that's the reason I don't want to be with Masimo. The problem is he still has Emma. Then Dave said \"Georgia, before you start going crazy, I've broken up with Emma, she could never replace the feelings I have for you.\" I know I shouldn't but I have the Horn for Dave. I walked closer to him and looked him in the eyes and I put my hands around his neck I went in and snogged him. We went straight to 5 with a bit of a 6. I've gone all jelliod. He's doing nip libbing I mean… \"Nrghh\" I said. Whoops! Dave stopped for a bit and said \"Have I made my Kittykat jelliod?\" My answer was \"Never!\" I paused then said \"Listen Dave… I've thought about this for a long time and well I like you back.\" His eyes opened wider in shock. \"Georgia? Are you being serious?\" I snogged him and I pulled back after a while \"Does that answer your question?\" He just smirked. That Dave smirk I love so much! 4:05pm I walked away from him looking away from the couch I saw a Tv with a Xbox console and many DVD's and games. I turned back to Dave and noticed the sleeping bag. \"Dave… Why is there a sleeping bag there?\" I said in question. \"Well Kittykat, there is in fact no Stiff dylans concert, we made that up. You and the girls are in fact sleeping here tonight, like a big sleepover!\" \"But there's only one sleeping bag… and I don't have my jimjams!\" He smiled and replied with \"You're going to have to share the sleeping bag with me then, we couldn't find anymore. You can wear my shirt to sleep in.\" He started smirking. 4:07pm I walked up to the door determined to find the others after hearing about the sleeping situation. Just as I was about to turn the door handle he grabbed my hand and somehow turned me around so I was leaning on the door rather than opening it. He snogged me, straight to number 5, then a bit of 6. He put his hand up the back of my top, caressing my back. I kept one hand round his neck and I found my other hand drifting up his shirt… Oh my giddy god… I felt his abs. 4:11pm Still snogging gorgey Dave… He pulled back, I removed my hand from his abs. \"Kittykat, I love you\" I looked him in the eye and said \"You're defiantly so much more gorgey then Masimo!\" He snogged me, this time I wasn't afraid to put my tongue in his mouth. I didn't want this moment to end but it did. Sven opened the door Dave fell backwards and I fell on top of him (Oo-er). Sven just looked at us in shock \"What are you doing?\" I got up off Dave... \"I err…\" Oh no I've turned into Ellen. Dave said \"When you opened to door Gee pushed me I fell over and because she was standing by the door she fell on me.\" Thanks Dave, you're a life saver. Sven just glared at us then said \"Whatever, Boys are going to be making Pop-corn and girls are going to change out of their school clothes. Meet me in the kitchen Dave.\" Sven shut the door. \"Dave!\" I started panicking I had nothing to change into. Then I notice Dave started taking off his shirt. Phwoar Dave's in good shape… His abs are just… \"Here you go Kittykat.\" I couldn't move… he is so fit. GEORGIA TAKE THE SHIRT! HELLO? Earth to Georgia! I've gone all jelliod. Damn it... my body it falling backwards, Georgia Move! On the floor I fell on the floor. Dave's put the shirt down and bent down to help me up he was still topless. \"KittyKat! Are you alright?\" \"Nurrgghhh\" Great my mouth's not working. \"Aww… Kittykat's gone jelliod.\" As Soon as I got up I collapsed into a hugging him, I can feel the warmth of his lush body. After the hug I could stand up and speak a bit better. \"I've never seen you topless Dave, that's all.\" He just smirked. I thought I should get my revenge so right there and then I took off my school top in front of him. His mouth dropped. \"Now you've seen me topless, Fair and square.\" I then thought I better put Dave's top on before anyone comes in, so I picked up Dave's top off the floor and put it on. Dave still stood there looking like a goldfish then smirked and winked at me \"looking good Kittykat.\" \"Umm… Thanks?\" I then turned to open the door… So that was my second chapter, again please review; tell me what you think! I've also spaced out the paragraphs in this chapter as well. I hope it makes it easier to read! Thank you :) ~Cupcakes29~[Chapter 3] I then turned to open the door when … I saw Jas in standing in front of me, my mouth dropped wide open; she was wearing jimjams'! How did she know about this? She spoke and said \"Georgia? What are you wearing?\" I went bright red and said \"Errr….\" Oh great, this Ellen stuff is really annoying me. Dave cut in \"Remember the plan?\" Jas's face lit up \"Oh yes, I just thought she was gonna go back to hers to get some jimjams', that's all.\" She started twisting her fringe. \"Err.. Jas? Plan? What are you talking about?\" I asked her. \"Err... Nothing Gee. Come on then, Ace gang meeting!\" That she pulled my arm and dragged me up stairs to Tom's bedrooms. I n Tom's bedroom Wow it's so groovy! Shut up brain! Get back to working out what the plan was. \"GEOGRIA!\" The Ace gang screamed at me. Cor I'll be death by the end of this. \"Calm down! I wanna be able to hear later.\" I said whilst glaring at them. \"Sit down Georgia; we've got lots to tell!\" Rosie said jumping around putting on her beard. \"Errr…. Well…. You see….. we….. errr….\" Ellen was dirthering again. \"Geogria! Is Dave a top snogger?\" Jools said whilst the ace gang started laughing. I really didn't know what was going on now. \"My dearest friends, what are you going on about, Snogging Dave? Not to mention what happen to you lot?\" I interrupted with. \"Ahh Georgia, Georgia, Georgia.\" Rosie said smirking. \"Just tell me! I think I've been through enough already!\" I said starting to get annoyed with the Ace gang. Rosie still smirking said \"Let moi explain.\" The ace gang started nodding like those nodding dog things. \"Georgia, my dear. This is what happened. 3 days ago Dave confessed his feelings for you to the boys. Around the same time you did the exact same.\" Rosie paused. Mabs butted in \"You didn't notice you confessed your feelings for Dave but you did.\" Jools interrupted Mabs \"Those smiles when you saw him.\" Jas said \"One day you even said and I quote \"Robbie, is quite gorgey but have you seen Da-Masimo?\" Rosie carried on \"So the boys and I decided on a plan to get you two alone and hopefully confess your feelings for each other.\" Mabs \"We thought a sleepover was a good idea, each of us had our guys and you could spend time with Dave.\" Jas said quickly and proudly \"I asked Robbie to tell you about the concert so you would think it's real and wouldn't suspect anything.\" Ellen said slowly \"That was our err…decoy plan so you would be excited.\" Rosie said \"Then when you had your break down moment it was the perfect time for Dave to ask you to meet him at the park before the concert.\" Jas said \"Hunky, had the idea of pulling us through the bushes and tying us up, to make it interesting and funny.\" Mabs said \"Then you and Dave would be alone in a room to talk things over. He could explain to you how the concert and park idea was a decoy plan, It was just our job to tell you why.\" Jools interrupts again \"We set up a camera to check you two were working it out.\" I was almost shocked to hear all this. \"You lot organised this just for me?\" They all nodded. \"Wow… You might want to watch the camera some more...\" I said as I got up and ran out the down stairs. Running down the stairs Running down the stairs the Ace gang were watching the screen connected to the camera. I ran into the kitchen to see the boy making popcorn and drinks. I ran up to Dave and hugged him. He looked surprised to see me. I looked into his gorgey eyes and snogged him. Right there in the kitchen. The boys were shocked. After a while I pulled away. Walk back a bit and put my arms in the air and shouted \"I'M IN LOVE WITH DAVE!\" I started to run out the kitchen when someone's arm grabbed mine. Dave turned me towards him and shouted \"I'M IN LOVE WITH GEORGIA!\" and he snogged me. He lifted me up and ran upstairs into a spare bedroom. In the spare bedroom He put me down on a bed. And started speaking normally.. \"Geogria..\" Dave started to mumble. I stood up \"No! Dave listen! I don't love you, I just said that so I could get out of here! I mean really? You lied to me, just to hear me say I love you. Well you better listen. I th-\" \"GEOGRIA! You listen! In the kitchen you may have just said that. But in the living room, you said you love me. I did all this and lied to you because that's how much you mean to me, just to hear those 3 words from you and know you mean it! I love you with all my heart and always have!\" \"I-I did? I said that in the living room?\" \"Yes. You did and I hope you meant that.\" Oh bugger, so everyone did this just so I could realise I loved him. I do but I just… Running back down stairs I just can't admit it! I couldn't imagine my life with him. I'm just scared, and the painters are in, which doesn't help. I guess that's why I've been acting odd lately. Snogging Dave, randomly crying, worrying, I'm a mess! \"Georgia? Where are you going?\" Tom said \"GEOGRIA\" I heard Dave yell. I opened the front door and ran out. Outside in the front garden I felt a tear run down my cheek, and another. I sat on the door step. Does Dave really love me? What about Masimo? What about my Mutti what will she say? I have homework due tomorrow! Do we even have school tomorrow? Angus is still at the Vets! More and more tears started rolling down my cheek. I could hear the conversation indoors Tom said \"What did you say to her?\" Dave replied \"Look I'm done with her. I've given her my heart and she never accepts it!\" I could hear Dave getting angry. \"Dave, have you seen what we filmed?\" Edward butted in \"No… Why?\" \"Just watch this\" Edward said. They left the corridor. Then I heard Jas \"Who knows where she's gone!\" Rosie said \"Do you guys not realise why she's acting this way?\" I heard Jas getting quieter saying \"Angus, was taken to the Vet a while ago. Georgia hasn't been told how serious he was. Having that and this boy trouble must be hard for her.\" Mabs butted in \"Not to mention the painters are in for her.\" They walked away from the front door. Walking away I stood up and starting walking slowly away from Tom's house, tears still rolling down my cheeks. By now it was dark and freezing. I didn't know where to go. Why does no one tell me what's wrong with my life? 5:30pm It gets dark quickly in the winter, the bonkers country we live in. I was well away from Tom's house or so I think. 5:32pm Still walking. If I was walking fast away from his house I'd be home by now. Eh. I've got time to waste. 5:34pm I can hear footsteps behind me. More tears started rolling down my cheeks. 5:35pm \"Georgia!\" I turned to see Dave in front of me. All I could do is hug him! He's so warm. I really do love him. Whilst crying I said \"Dave I'm sorry, I really do love you! I'm glad you did what you did.\" He stroked my head \"Gee, Its ok. I'm here for you and always will be. I heard what happened and realised I was being harsh.\" I wasn't thinking straight lately. The problems in my life right now: I love DaveAngus has gone to the VetsThe painters are inMy Mutti never feeds me and thinks I don't get up on timeI have homework due tomorrowSome chavs saw my skirt fly up I probably have more problems I just can't remember them I too busy having a moment with Dave! \"Dave… I'm cold, and I'm being a complete idiot.\" I mumbled. Dave took off his jacket and put it around me and mumbled back \"That's why I love you.\" He then held my hand and we walked back to Tom's. I'm glad he was with me. All of today has been vair vair crazy so far. That's the end of chapter 3! More to come, want to find out what happens at Tom's house? Thank you for reading. :) ~cupcakes29~[Chapter 4] Sorry it's taken me such a long time to upload this new chapter, I've had so much going on, I'm hoping to upload more soon. I hope you like it. :) \"Dave was vair vair warm and cuddly, we wondered back to Tom's house in the dark barely saying a word.\" 5:51pm I stepped on the door step and rang the doorbell. \"GEORGIA! YOU'RE HERE!\" I had Jas scream at me as she pulled me into a hug. Everybody else came and huddled around greeting me and Dave but blocking the entrance, I was freezing! \"Move out the way you plonkers its bloody freezing outside!\" I said as I pushed past them all. \"Why don't you and the girls go upstairs and warm up, us lads will make some hot chocolate.\" Tom said kindly but with a cheeky smile. I took off Dave's jacket and handed it back to him. 6:05pm Walking upstairs I had the Ace gang following me upstairs, it took while to get past all the hugs and chatter. I am still wearing Dave's shirt. We walked into the same room they dragged me into last time I sat on a bed. \"Georgia, we just want you to know we are here for you.\" Rosie said as she said next to me on the bed. The rest of the Ace gang gathered around finding different places to sit but facing me. \"We love you!\" Jas said all smiley \"Don't ever feel as though you are alone!\" Mabs said caringly. \"Thank you my little pallies\" I said very greatfully \"ON TO THE GOSSIP!\" Rosie suddenly blurted out excitedly \"What film are we going to watch?\" Jools said even more excitedly \"I was thinking… errr… ummm… Something… scary….but….err…\" Oh lord Sandra there goes Ellen dithering on again. So let me get this straight. I get back to Tom's after crying the Ace gang say a little \"We are here for you\" lark and now everything's fine? Eh. Fair enough. I was far too tired for crying, settling down with my pallies watching a film sounded good. The only thing... I'm not too good when it comes to Horror. \"YEAH! SCARY! So I can cuddle up to Edward!\" Mabs said going a bit red. \"We are watching the film with the boys?\" I asked suddenly thinking it was just me and the girls. \"Of course Georgia! Snogging time!\" Rosie said smirking. Oh well I'm not snogging Dave. No way! I'll just simply eat my popcorn watch the film and think about how to solve the problems in my life. \"GIRLS! GET DOWN HERE NOW!\" I heard Sven shout. Wow that's a bit rude, what does he think we are? Maids? 6:25pm Walking down stairs We all jumped up and ran down stairs like maids. Wow I guess we are maids. \"Hello ladies\" Rollo said putting on an accent and winking at Jools \"Girls we've picked a film and are putting it on now!\" I heard Dec shout from the living room We wondered in, each girl sat next to their boyfriend or the boy they liked. So I was forced to sit next to Dave. I'm not too sure about the boyfriend and girlfriend thing with me and Dave. \"Is it a scary film?\" I asked genially worried \"Aww does my little kittykat not like scary films?\" Dave said smirking at me \"No, it's just I like to know.\" I said sternly. Really I hated scary films. \"Whatever Kittykat. Just watch it\" Dave said looking at the TV to see it start. We were sat on the floor by the door, Tom and Jas on the couch who were next to Dec and Ellen. We were sat on the floor next to Mabs and Edward then Jools and Rollo. Don't ask me where Rosie and Sven were. To be honest by the time the lights had turned off for the film I couldn't see a thing and I'm pretty sure they all moved about. 7:02pm It's only like 30minutes into the film and I hate it already! \"AHH!\" I screamed and put my head into Dave's chest. He put his arm around me and held me tight. I didn't want him to let go. \"Awww its ok!\" He said softly. I looked up at him to see him still watching the screen. \"Is it over yet?\" I said scared \"Nearly\" Dave said with a friendly voice. \"Ok its over!\" He then said I looked up and the scene was on something completely different. I lead my head on Dave's chest, he still had his arm around me, it was nice. 7:26pm \"AHHHHHHHH!\" I screamed and ran out of the room. I couldn't handle what was on the screen. I sat on the stairs and curled up, partly shaking with fear. \"Kittykat!\" Dave came rushing out, shutting the door behind him not to disturb the others watching it. I started crying again, I really didn't like the film. \"Awww it's ok. Shhhh, it's all over now.\" Dave said and came and sat down next to me stroking me and holding me. I said in between crying \"Why… did she have to die?\" Dave giggled \"It's only made up! Awww Gee it's alright. You don't have to go back in and watch it, you can stay out here.\" He stood up and smiled, I looked up at him, and he started walking back towards the living room door to go back in. \"Dave! Stay with me!\" I said trying to stop crying \"Oh…\" He paused and looked back at the door wanting to see the rest. He looked back at me \"Of course I'll stay!\" He said in that friendly voice he used before. He came and sat next to me hugging and holding me. After a little while of hugging I pulled out of the hug and looked up at him, in to his gorgey eyes. Mine probably looked awful. He was just staring at me, then he snogged me, straight to number 6, his hands all over me, it felt good. I missed his snogging. After a while He pulled back. 8:28pm Dave and I had been sat on the stairs for ages just talking, and him cheering me up. We only snogged once throughout all of it. Everyone came out of the living room saying the film was good. They all wanted to play Truth or dare up in one of the bedrooms but I was just too tired. \"Sorry girls, I'm too tired.\" I said yawning \"That's not like you Georgia, you ok?\" Jas said \"Yeah, I'm fine. I might join you in a bit ok?\" I said. 8:32pm in the Bathroom YES! The painters are out, one less problem to deal with, now I need to fix my make-up and hair. I put on more lippy and fixed my mascara from all the crying and brushed my teeth. I kept my hair down as I was too tired to do anything else to it, I just simply brushed it. I felt more awake after doing that. 8:45pm I walked in to the room where everyone was playing truth or dare, Dave smiled at me when he saw me. \"Hi Georgia\" The Ace gang almost said at the same time. I smiled and sat down next to Jas. They were all sat in a circle not in any particular order just next to their boyfriends or the guys they liked. I sat far away from Dave. \"Your turn Sven\" Rollo said pointing at him. \"Ok ok, I pick Hm….. Dare.\" He said in an almost suspicious voice \"Ok Sven… I dare you to….Lick Rosie's Basooma's without clothes.\" Rollo started smirking \"Oo-er\" The Ace gang says while Rosie winks at Sven. Sven jumps up towards Rosie and presses her to the floor and pulls off her top. \"Sven!\" Rosie chuckles. Everyone turned away to give them some privacy and personal I think I was going to be sick. \"Hahaha Sven stop it!\" Rosie cried with laughter 8:57pm \"We're done\" Rosie says. We all turned back to look at her, she was just pulling her top back on. \"Wow… looks like you two had fun.\" Tom says looking at Rosie's messed up hair. \"Ok, ok Rosie, your turn now, Truth or dare.\" Sven asks me. I thought about this carefully, Truth and they will ask me about Dave, Dare and I might be able to leave the room. \"Dare!\" I say back almost immediately \"Ok hm…..\" Sven says. He turns to the boys and signals for them to go over to him, they all huddle together talking about it. After a few minutes Sven turns and around and says \"Georgia, I dare you to…\" Thank you for reading my next chapter. :) Please comment and the next chapter is coming soon. ~Cupcakes29~ ","Summary":" This is my first Fan fiction all reviews and comments will be very helpful. My inspiration comes fr"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"The Doctor:  Prequel to The House on Haunted Hill","Author":"tigerkid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1472886","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Known as on of the most dangerous men of his time DR. R.BnVannacut was mass murderer. He tortured his victims in unimaginable ways.nFollow through his life from his collage graduation, and learn about thenterrible past of 'The House on Haunted Hill.' Chapter 1: Graduation June 1 I L. University, medical school Two weeks before graduationnThirty desks faced a blackboard in front of the classroom. 10 of the desksnwere empty. As you looked at the classroom you could see a door on the verynright and a large window on the left it had been slightly popped opened.nThe window was also an emergency exit and had instructions of how to slidenit open so people could crawl through. The teacher Mr. Nelson was standingnat the Blackboard writing down a mathematical formula. Some of hisnstudents' made a face of complete confusion they didn't understand why thisnwas up on the bored. \"This Formula\" said Mr. Nelson \"is what you need tonuse to determine the amount of medicine U need to give your patientnaccording to their weight\". As Mr. Nelson finished his instructions onenof his students pulled out his pocket watch and examined it. He was anyoung man around twenty-six with a slightly chubby face, brown hair and ancharming disposition. Seeing that class was over in a minute he started tonpack his book and papers. \"Mr. Vannacut\"nThe student looked up \"yes\" he responded.n \"We still have a minute of class left.\" Very annoyed Mr. Vannacut stoppednwhat he was doing and sat back in his seat.n \"Okay everyone this is your homework Solve these ten problems it is duenfor Monday,\" said Mr. Nelson. \"You must make sure you have done yournhomework done we will be going into something new on Monday.\"nAs Mr. Vannacut left the class he headed for the cafeteria it was 12:30 andnhe hadn't had anything to eat all day After he got their he ordered anchicken wings with fries and water and sat down to do his homework. Henlooked up when he heard a bag being put down in front of him and the clangnof some heavy schoolbooks on the table. \"Their you are\" sighed the personnin front of him. Mr. Vannacut looked up to a man with short blond hair;nbright green eyes an oval face and a muscular body. Mr. Vannacut guessednthat he was just a little older than him around twenty-eight to thirtynyears. \"Mr. Price\" Vannacut smiled at his new friend. \"Stephen if youndon't mind\" replied the man.n \"Sure\" he said \"Stephen\". \"And what is your name again?\" asked Stephen.n\"Oh uh Richard\"nOnce his Chicken and fries came Stephen pulled out his meatloaf sandwichnfrom a tin lunchbox that was held in his bag and began to eat. \"You know Incan't believe it I graduate in a week,\" said Stephen \"when do youngraduate?\"n \" Oh uh it'll be in about two weeks for me.\"n\" Well hang in their pal and you will pass just fine\" The two finishedneating and decided to go hang outside and play baseball. When they werendone they headed to their rooms to get a good nights sleep. \"Oh by the waynRichard what are you graduating from?\"n\"Oh uh I hope to become a doctor, I shall have my master's degree when Ingraduate.\"nTwo weeks later Richard Vannacut was standing in front of thousands ofnpeople receiving his degree. It was very sunny and Richard could hear thenbirds and feel a soft breeze on his face. The selected staff of thenUniversity stood in the front of the students and gave speeches. There were around 700 people receiving their bachelors or master's degreenthat day who were all dressed in their finest Tuxedos. Richard could feelnthe happiness around him. He felt as if he was in a dream like state, hencouldn't believe he had received his master's degree. When he got up tonlook for friends he felt fatigued with excitement his legs felt heavy andnhe dropped back down on a chair. He was suddenly choked with arms aroundnhis neck \"Stephen\" he smiled \"Hey buddy\" he gave Stephen a big hug.n\"Richard, Richard\" upon hearing this Richard turned around and figured thatnwhoever he heard must have been talking to someone else. \"Well I did it andnyou did it\" he exclaimed excitedly. \"Richard\" he heard a woman voice rightnbeside him. Richard turned around and went in complete shock and happinessnwhen he saw his old undergraduate friend Lilly. \"Lilly\" he managed tonget out. Lilly was a young lady of twenty-three with wavy brown hair,ngreen eye's and healthy skin. Many of the men thought of Lilly as a verynbeautiful woman indeed some of them thought of her as the most beautifulnlady they had ever seen. \" I can't believe you are here.\" \"Me, I can'tnbelieve you're here\" he laughed.nRichard greeted many of his friends. Although he never had a familynRichard didn't seem to mind, many of his friends were here to see himnbesides he thought as he looked at the smiling faces in the afternoonnsunlight This has been the best day of my life yet I've graduated.[Chapter 2] To anyone whose reading this: when you see a #with a star like-- 1*word-nwith a word by it means the meaning of the word can be found at the end ofnthe chapter. From know on when you see**** it marks the beginning and end of anthought**** Chapter 2: Psychiatric Specialist February 10, 1909 Grafton State Hospital Worcester, Massachusetts It had been nearly a year since Richard had graduated from medical school.nHe had started out as a counselor for people with Manic Depression in GarynIndiana. He started out with a small office with a couch and chairs thatnhis patients could talk on. Some of his patients were on medicine forntheir condition. They would sometimes remind him of a huge bird trapped inna cage that could barely fit a mouse. After a while he was offered a job as a psychiatric specialist at anhospital in a small town in Massachusetts. Unable to refuse (not tonmention more than happy to work on what he had learned) he started packingnright away and headed northeast to Boston where he got his citizenship tonthe small farming community Worcester. Richard had taken the place to hisnhart right away. The people of Worcester made Richard think of beautifulnMarsupial Butterflies on giant Sunflowers and laughing hyenas. As anpsychiatric specialist Mr. Vannacut was to decide the treatments that wouldnbe most helpful to patients who seemed to be making no progress. He alsonassisted the main specialist in overseeing the treatments practiced on thenpatients; from counseling, to medicine, to 1*lobotomy. Many of thesentreatments never seem to work, at least in his opinion.n\"Vannacut wake up you still have some papers to file before you leaventonight\" Mr. Vannacut drifted away from his thoughts and slowly broughtnhimself back to reality.nIt had been Mr. Johnson who had interrupted his thoughts. **** Well talknabout a little irritated over nothing, I was sitting there for less than anminute. **** He liked Mr. Johnson very much but sometimes he seemed anlittle strange to him, as a matter of fact almost everyone who worked innthe section of the he for mentally ill people (with diseases likenSchizophrenia or psychotic people) seemed very strange indeed. They madenhim think of demons from Hell that sprang out of the ground.nMr. Vannacut reached his office and began filling his papers. His officenwas a small room with several tiny windows a desk that held a 2*typewriternand a file cabinet made of rosemary wood to the left of his desk. He wasndone in thirty minutes and closed up his office. Relived to be done henheaded for his house. Note: ok so I know this chapter is short but it is all I can think to writenright now. 1*Lobotomy: a surgery that involves the removal of certain lobes (parts) innthe front of the brain. It was used to remove a problem in a person butnoften resulted in more problems by turning most of these patients inton3*human vegetables. 2* Typewriter: device used to type papers before computers 3* Human Vegetable: one who has no physical control over their body - i.e.ncant move any part of their body. Another note: please send reviews so I know people are reading this ","Summary":" Summary: Known as on of the most dangerous men of his time DR. R.BnVannacut was mass murderer. He t"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Melody in my Head","Author":"His1Princess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5674058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Melody in my head \"Tom, I love you.\" I whispered as he kissed me good night on my front porch steps. \"You…what?\" Tom asked stepping away from me and looking at me with pensive eyes. \"I-I…never mind.\" I replied, turning away and putting my key into the door. \"Jas?\" Tom asked, just as I opened the door. \"Nothing Tom, just go home.\" I replied, walking in and slamming the door behind me, before allowing the tears in my eyes to fall. \"Jas? Open the door? Please?\" I heard Tom yelling from outside the door, but this was bigger than something he could fix now. Instead of replying to his yells, I trudged up the stairs and fell into my bed. After the yelling stopped, I could hear my mobile ringing the ringtone especially for Tom, and when I looked out the window, he was still out there. After thirty minutes, I picked up my mobile and called my favorite person. \"Jas? How was your date?\" Georgia said as soon as she picked up the phone. \"I told him, and he just asked me what. And he's still outside!\" I cried out, without even explaining what I was talking about. \"Oh, Jassy, I'll be over in a minute. Don't you worry.\" She replied, clicking off before I could say another word. ATAPS \"Tom? You still out here?\" I called out loud, feeling like a mad woman when I got close to Jas's house. \"I'm guessing she called you as soon as she went inside?\" He asked, coming out from the darkness and sighing. \"Thirty minutes after.\" I replied, a slight smile on my face, Tom sure knew Jas well. \"I didn't mean anything by asking her what? I just… I was shocked.\" The tall boy explained, staring past me and at Jas's window which was lit up with only her frame blocking the light. \"I'll tell her.\" I answered, walking past him and heading up the stairs. \"I love her too, Georgia. Despite what you, or she, thinks.\" He said, stopping me for a moment with his hand. \"I know. I've known for a long time.\" I answered, turning away from him and walking into Jas's house. ATAPS \"Oh, Georgia.\" Jas cried out, just as soon as I came into her room. \"Jas, you know he practically adores you.\" I said, patting her back as she hugged me. \"But he won't say those words!\" Jas said, wiping her eyes on her sleeve, and plopping down onto her bed. \"What do the words mean? His actions show the same as those words, anyways.\" I replied, sitting down next to her. \"No, they don't!\" Jas shrieked, throwing a pillow at my head. \"Jas! Go look out the window. Tell me what you see.\" I said, pulling her toward the window, where I could just barely see Tom walking down the street, his head bowed and hands in his pockets. \"You really think he loves me, George?\" Jas asked once more. \"Of course.\" I replied as she ran out the door. A few seconds later, I could hear her calling Tom's name outside, and I watched as he came jogging back and they hugged. After a moment long hug, they broke into full out snogging, causing me to shut the curtains and flop back on Jas's bed. ATAPS \"I can't believe you had to go over there like that last night.\" Robbie laughed out as I told him my adventures last night, while he sat on the beach, throwing rocks in the waves. \"It's not like that's the first time it's happened, you should be used to these crazy stories about your brother and Jas by now.\" I said, snuggling closer to his arm, only to have him lift it again to throw a rock. \"Yeah, well, let's just say their madness never seizes to surprise me.\" He laughed out, throwing yet another rock. \"Robbie, stop throwing those silly things.\" I said playfully slapping at his arm, but really meaning what I said. \"Georgia, I think we need to talk.\" Robbie answered, putting his hand down and turning to me. \"I didn't mean the slap, Robbie…it was just a joke!\" I said quickly, trying to cover up my latest mistake. \"Georgia, no, you didn't do anything wrong…It's just well, my dad found a company that wants to record the band.\" He smiled out, while refusing to look me in the eye. \"That's amazing, Robbie!\" I smiled out, hugging Robbie close, only to have him push me away. \"The thing is, the company is based in America. California to be exact.\" He said, finally meeting my eyes. \"Well, can't you record from out here?\" I asked, even though I was pretty sure I already knew the answer. \"No. I asked, I pleaded, I begged, and they said we had to come out there for the deal.\" He answered, returning his eyes to the waves in front of us. \"Well, then you have to go. This is a huge deal, for you, and for the band, and your future. There is no way, I'll ever stand in front of that, so you have to go.\" I answered, trying my hardest to get the words out without choking on my tears. \"Georgia, are you sure? I mean we've only just gotten together; I don't want to leave, really. I only wish this would've come later for the band.\" He said, grabbing on my hand, and holding onto it, and looking into my eyes. \"I know. But you deserve this.\" I answered, blinking back the tears in my eyes, even though I knew they would inevitably be coming out soon. \"What about us though?\" He asked, dropping his voice, and looking down again. \"We'll just have to wait won't we?\" I asked, looking away too, because this was the point in movies that usually made me begin to sob, and this was real life. \"Do you mean you want-\" He began to say. \"Robbie, I don't really want you to leave, and I really don't want to not be with you, but if that's what it has to be, then that's just how it goes.\" I answered, unable to look at him anymore. \"Are you sure, Georgia?\" He asked, lifting my chin to look into his eyes for the last time. \"Of course.\" I answered, confidently. \"Then, I've got to go pack. We leave tomorrow.\" He said sadly, giving my hand one last squeeze before getting up and walking back down the long stretch of beach we'd walked down together not even an hour ago, when everything had been so perfect. \"Jas? Can you come to the beach?\" I asked a few hours later when I'd finally stopped sobbing long enough to form more than one word. \"You sound like you've been crying, Georgia, what's wrong?\" She asked concerned. \"I'll tell you when you get here. Bring the Ace Group. Come to Robbie and mine's spot.\" I said, holding back my tears for longer than I thought possible as I tried to get the sentence out as fast as possible. \"Okay, we'll be there as soon as possible, Georgia.\" She said quickly, and clicking off, just as my sobs began again. I curled myself into a ball in the rough, broken seashells, and hoped my very best friends would be here before I died.[Chapter 2] Melody in my Head Chapter 2 \"Are you really going to go?\" Tom asked, holding Jas closer to his stomach as he asked. \"I need to.\" I answered, leaning back to look down the street to search for Georgia once again. \"She's not coming.\" Jas stated simply, looking at the ground. \"She told you that?\" I asked my heart dropping to the floor. \"Yeah, she said she was too upset to say goodbye.\" Jas said, taking herself from Tom's clutches to give me a brief hug. \"It's okay. Better that way I suppose.\" I said, before climbing into my car and slamming the door shut. \"Rob! Chill, it'll be okay, eventually.\" Tom asked, reaching for the handle to reopen the door, but instead I quickly backed out and sped away before they could see my tears fall. ATAPS \"Gee, you should have been there.\" Jas said, pulling the covers from over my head for the twentieth time since she got here. \"Look, it's too late to change anything about the way he left. Deal with it.\" I said, sitting up quickly and throwing the covers back over my head as I lay down. \"But you should have seen him when I told him you weren't coming. He looked so devastated.\" She said softly, getting off my head. \"Good, now he knows how I feel.\" I mumbled. \"Georgia! What are you saying? That you're glad you upset him?\" Jas asked, yanking my bedspread so hard it fell onto the ground. \"Maybe I am.\" I answered, glaring straight into her eyes, suddenly angry with her for not letting the subject drop. \"Georgia, he's your boyfriend, you're not supposed to want to hurt him.\" She said softly, turning away from me to stare out my window. \"He's nothing to me.\" I replied, walking out my room and downstairs into the kitchen. \"What do you mean by that?\" Jas asked a few minutes later when she caught up to me. \"I mean he's in America now, that's just too far. I've decided that we are nothing.\" I answered, filling a glass with water. \"You can't just decide that yourself, does Robbie know you feel this way?\" Jas asked, just as the phone rang. \"No.\" I stated looking at the caller ID, smiling, \"But he will now.\" ATAPS \"Georgia! Hey!\" I said excitedly, looking around my drabby hotel room and suddenly wishing I'd decided to stay in England. \"How's America?\" She asked, not sounding remotely excited. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, my heart pounding deep in my chest, and making my palms sweat. \"I wanted to talk to you about us. I just think that while you're in America, I shouldn't be limited to someone who can't see me, and neither should you.\" She said, sounding as if this was an everyday conversation. \"Georgia, where is this coming from? You were fine, you said you didn't want me to leave but that you didn't want us to not be together either.\" I said, trying to keep the sobs inside my chest while she was on the phone. \"I know I said that Robbie, but I've done some thinking, and that's not really how I feel. This is.\" She said, her voice getting harsher the longer we were on the phone. \"Georgia, we're not breaking up.\" I said sternly. \"Yes, we are Robbie. I'm sorry, but this is the way it needs to be for me.\" She said, before hanging up on me and leaving me with a dull tone. ATAPS \"Georgia, that was cruel.\" Jas said, as I sank to the floor, not believing I just dumped my sex goddess boyfriend. \"Jas, would you just shut up for a moment!\" I said, tears sliding down my face and winding down it toward the floor. \"Oh, Georgia, you didn't really want that did you?\" She said, sitting beside me and pulling me toward her. \"Of course.\" I sobbed into her lap, my tears making a puddle on the kitchen floor beneath her. ATAPS \"Bloody-ouch!\" I yelled as I stubbed my foot on the dresser trying to reach the telephone that was ringing at one in the morning. \"Hello?\" I asked sleepily. \"Tom, I know it's late, but do you think-\"Robbie asked, pausing for a moment \"Do you think you could get mum to send you out here?\" \"Robbie, what's wrong?\" I asked, suddenly becoming awake. \"Things worked themselves out.\" He answered, and I knew what he meant. \"I'll be there in the morning, don't worry about it. I'll talk to her before I leave too.\" I said, turning on the lights and beginning to throw random clothes into a duffle bag on the floor. \"Tom?\" Robbie said after a minute. \"Yeah?\" I replied, pausing in my packing as if he was here. \"Thank you.\" He sobbed out lightly. \"Anytime, I'll see you soon.\" I said softly before hanging up and checking times for flights to California on the internet. ATAPS DING DONG \"I'll get that, Gee.\" I said, getting up from beside the couch where Georgia lay. \"Thank you so much, Jas.\" She mumbled out, turning to face the back of the couch. \"Tom, what are you doing here?\" I asked after I opened the door. \"Where is she? What the hell is her problem?\" Tom asked, angrier than I'd ever seen him as he came storming in. \"She's asleep, and if you're here to yell at her, you need to leave.\" I said, blocking his way to the living room. \"Jas, where is she?\" He asked, glaring at me. \"I'm not telling you. You need to leave.\" I said, crossing my arms and glaring right back into his eyes. \"Jas, he called me at one in the morning, sobbing over your stupid friend and you're on her side? Do you know how cut up this is making my brother?\" \"And do you know how cut up she is?\" I countered. \"GEORGIA!\" He yelled instead of a reply. \"hmmm?\" She mumbled from the living room. \"What the hell is your problem?\" Tom asked, yanking Georgia up by her hand. \"Tom! Don't hurt her!\" I screamed as Georgia's face contorted into one of pain. \"Why not? She hurt my brother!\" He yelled, dropping her on the floor. \"Get out, get out or I'm calling the police!\" I screamed, tears falling down my face. \"Jas-\" \"No! GET OUT!\" I yelled pointing at the door, and he slowly moved out. I locked the door behind him and then ran back into the living room to check on Georgia. \"I'm so sorry, Georgia. I've never seen him like that.\" I said, helping her back onto the couch. \"It's okay.\" She winced out, \"It's not as bad as it seems.\" \"Are you sure? Do you want me to call your parents?\" I asked, looking at her worried. \"No, just, stay here tonight?\" she said, looking at me with begging eyes. \"I was already planning on it.\" I smiled at her, before covering her with a blanket. After Georgia went back to sleep, I walked into her kitchen and called the last person on caller ID. \"Georgia?\" Robbie asked excitedly when he picked up. \"No, it's only me.\" I replied, nervously twisting my hair round my finger. \"Oh, hey, Jas.\" He said solemnly, \"Why are you calling?\" \"Why'd you send your brother over here?\" I asked accusingly. \"I didn't ask him to go over there, he decided that for himself. I asked him to come here.\" He said suspicion in his voice, \"What happened when he was there?\" \"Well, Georgia's sleeping with an ice pack on her shoulder now, if that helps at all.\" I said mad. \"He hurt her?\" Robbie asked his voice panicky. \"Not much, but enough.\" I said softly, looking at Georgia asleep on the couch again. \"Oh, god. How?\" He asked. \"You don't need to know the specifics. Just, when your brother gets there, keep him there. I don't want anything to do with him, and I don't want him anywhere near me or my best friend.\" I stated, a tear slowly winding its way down my face. \"Jas, he's going to-\" \"I know.\" I said cutting him off, \"But now you can both help each other heal.\" And with that, I hung up on my last connection to Tom, and the last thing I'd ever have to do with him.[Chapter 3] Melody In My Head Chapter 3 TWO YEARS LATER (: \"Can you believe high school is over?\" I asked, smiling at my best friend, while we sat in the cool breeze in dork caps and gowns. \"I can't believe we're both going to school in America!\" Jas answered smiling at me. \"I can't believe we're going to go to a school so close to where Robbie and Tom are.\" I said softly, frowning slightly. \"Georgia, they probably don't even remember what we look like. Besides, I bet they look really different now, we probably won't recognize them, and they the same for us.\" Jas said, grabbing my hand and squeezing it lightly. \"I know. It's just weird, to be going to a school so close to L.A., especially after all the bad stuff that happened between the four of us.\" I said, smiling as a song bird flew over our heads. \"And now, I wish to congratulate all my classmates as we all graduate onto better things!\" The valedictorian said, prompting us all to throw our caps into the wind and cheer. \"Now, it's off to the U.S.A.!\" Jas cried, pulling me close and hugging me tightly. \"I know.\" I said, having a strange feeling deep inside my heart. ATAPS \"Robbie, c'mon man, get over it already. It's been two years!\" My brother called from the couch where he had no doubt brought me a tightly clothed girl, who would be willing to do anything, just like the even prettier girl that he was probably already making out with. \"Shut up!\"I yelled, throwing a book at the door, and causing it to close. The walls of my bedroom were covered with pictures of bands that I idolized, and the very few pictures of Georgia that I had. She looked happy in every single one, and I loved them all just for that. I stood up, locked my door so that Tom couldn't come in and bother me, picked up the anatomy book I'd been reading, and went back to my bed. \"Oh, little brother!\" Tom called from just outside my door. \"Go away, Tom.\" I sighed out, putting the ear buds of my iPod in my ears and blocking him out with music. With the music on, I couldn't focus on anything the book said, so instead I got back up, and began to individually dissect, every picture of Georgia on my wall. There were two at the beach, one that she didn't know I'd taken, three of her and the Aces, and one of her and I. The candid picture was my favorite, and was in the room twice, once on the wall, and in a frame on my bedside table. Her hair was a mess, she was in sweats and a tank top, and she was dancing to a new song we'd made. She looked the epitome of my dream girl, and she still was. While I hadn't moved on since Georgia had cut off contact with me, tom had quickly moved into a type of man whore. He was constantly with scantily clad girls, who hung off of him, and did whatever he told them. Completely the opposite of everything he'd always claimed he'd wanted. I personally thought he'd gone off the deep end since the break up of him and Jas. A repeated movement from my bed, caused to me to awake from my reverie. It was Dave. \"Dave! Buddy, what's going on?\" I asked, happy to hear form someone who didn't want me to hook up with some random chicks. \"Today was graduation.\" He said, sounding more than slightly sad. \"Ah, Georgia and Jas, too?\" I asked, trying not to sound too intrigued. Every time Dave and I talked I asked about Georgia, but I always tried to keep cool by asking about Jas at the same time. \"Course.\" He said, as though I'd asked that a million times already. \"So where are you guys going to college?\" I asked, cringing slightly at how American I sounded. \"I'm going to a small college nearby. The girls are going to USC.\" Dave answered. \"USC? In America?\" I asked, my body tensing up, ready for the disappointment. \"Yup.\" He said, the background suddenly getting louder than his voice. \"Graduation party?\" I asked, smiling at my old buddy. \"Yeah, talk to you later, okay.\" He said, as he clicked the button and ended the conversation. I smiled at my favorite picture as I thought of 'running into' Georgia once she got here. Hopefully, that would be all our relationship needed to be back on top. ATAPS \"This apartment, is trash!\" Jas screeched once she saw the entirety of our new home. \"I know. But it's all our parents could afford.\" I said, sadly looking around at the grubby walls, the barely there carpet and the gray chipped paint job that covered every room. \"Well, we need to get jobs to fix this place up, ASAP!\" Jas said, holding tightly to her bags, as if she didn't even want them to touch the ground. \"Cleaning first?\" I asked, looking at her terrified expression. \"Oh, yeah.\" She said, walking back out the front door, bags in hand. I simply laughed before following my closest friend out the door. We put her bags back in the rented car, and then began walking down the sidewalk, when suddenly Jas stopped dead in her tracks. \"Jas, what's wrong?\" I asked, staring at her sheet white face, and wondering if she'd just seen a ghost. \"Let's go back.\" She said, her face still white, as she yanked my hand and arm back toward the apartment. \"But you hate how dirty that place is.\" I said, wondering if she'd suddenly gotten a bout of amnesia or short term memory loss. \"I know. But it's better than being out here.\" She stated, before yanking my arm, hard and making me turn around. \"Jas, what just happened?\" I asked, once we were back in the apartment. \"He was out there, Georgia.\" She answered, looking at her jean covered knee as she sat with her knees pulled up to her chin, and her arms around her legs. \"Oh, Jas.\" I said, plopping down beside her, and hugging her close, wondering at the mystery of the power of men.[Chapter 4] Melody in My Head Chapter 4 The next day, I was attempting to find my way around the USC campus and find my first class of the year, when I suddenly felt as though someone eyes were following me around. I turned to see only a flash of color, and then nothing suspicious I turned and began walking to where I had seen the color disappear. When I turned around the corner of a large tree, I was face to face with exactly the person I'd been hoping to not see while I was here. \"Hey, Georgia.\" Robbie said, sheepishly looking at the ground, a light blush beginning to cover the top half of his cheeks. \"What are you doing? Were you following me around? How did you even know I was here?\" I said, my anger boiling to the top of my skin completely pushing my nerves away. \"Dave told me after you guys graduated.\" He said, looking down at the ground and refusing to look at me. \"Why would he even do that?\" I said, glaring at the top of her head and wanting to slap his silly head. \"Because, I've been asking him to keep tabs on you and tell me what's going on with you since I left.\" He said, looking at me through the tips of his hair. \"That's just creepy. You know that?\" I asked, looking at him and turning to go, before another thought hit me. \"So Tom knows too? And yesterday, when Jas saw him, and practically had a meltdown, it was on purpose, wasn't it?\" \"No. Tom doesn't know a thing.\" He said, looking sorrowfully at me. \"I don't believe you, but you better keep your brother away from my best friend.\" I said, glaring at him, and instead of continuing to try and find my classes, I walked back to my rental car, and raced home. ATAPS \"They what?\" Jas asked after I'd come home and relayed the story to her. \"They know. Both of them. Robbie's been keeping tabs of me via Dave.\" I said, plopping my head down into her pillow, and feeling my emotions take over. \"I can't believe he would do that.\" She said, rubbing my hair and thoughtfully looking out the window that took up most of a wall in her little bedroom. \"I can. I wish I hadn't seen him, Jas. It's so weird, you know? This whole time I thought I was over him, but now that I've seen him, I don't think I really am.\" I said, looking up at her, my eyes shining with unshed tears. \"I know what you mean, but just don't let him take control of your heart again, okay? Because you don't need him anymore. He left, remember?\" Jas said, smiling down at me, before I realized I had something I needed to do. \"Jas, I'll be back later, okay?\" I said, getting up and rushing back out the door to Jas screaming after me. ATAPS For a few minutes after Georgia left, I couldn't move. My body felt like a statue, and I didn't think it was physically possible that I would ever be able to move again. Eventually, I leaned back against the big tree, and slid to a sitting position, still staring at the direction she'd run off in. \"Hello!\" A blonde girl giggled, bobbing into my view. \"Uhm, do I know you?\" I asked, looking at her and immediately wanting to her to leave. \"Oh, sorry! My names Connie.\" She said, smiling down at me happily, and plopping herself right in front of me. \"Do you think you could go away?\" I asked, looking at her and wondering what the hell she wanted. \"Oh, well, I just wanted to ask you a question, but if you really want me to go…\" She said, trailing off as she got up and began to walk away. \"What did you want to ask?\" I asked, causing her to turn and her entire face brightened up as she smiled an enormous grin. \"Well, my sorority is having a party tonight, and I just thought it would be a lot cooler if you went.\" She said, smiling at me and twirling a thin strand of hair around her fake tanned fingers. \"Sorry. I don't go to parties.\" I said, looking away from her, and wishing Georgia was still here. \"If you're waiting around for that ugo that was here earlier, you're better than that. You should really consider coming to the party.\" The girl said, her face suddenly turning from pretty, to a very ugly shade of jealousy. \"Can you go away now?\" I said, looking away from her, when suddenly something caught my eye. Georgia was standing on the edge of the large lawn, and she was staring straight at me, looking sadder and more lost than I'd ever seen her. \"Georgia!\" I yelled, standing up and running over to her, quickly forgetting about the fake girl that had been talking to me earlier. \"Who's your friend? She looks pretty pissed.\" Georgia said, looking around my shoulder, and peering at the blonde girl who was still standing where I'd left her, and glaring at the two of us, openmouthed. \"Don't worry about it, what are you doing back here?\" I said, taking hold of her shoulder, and looking into her eyes. \"I went home, and I was talking to Jas, and I realized something huge.\" She said, looking down at the ground, before looking deep into my eyes, tears on the edges of them. \"You just followed your dreams. What Tom did is completely different. He hurt Jas, and me, but you had nothing to do with that.\" \"Of course I didn't. I would never want him to hurt either of you, in anyway.\" I said, grabbing both of her shoulders and pulling her into my chest for a large hug. \"Robbie, I don't think I'm really over you, but I also don't know you. I mean, I know the old you, but that persons been changing ever since he left England, I need to know the new Robbie. And until then, I don't think we should be dating or anything.\" She said, pulling away slightly and looking away from me. \"Georgia, I understand that, I do. But what about Jas? She still hates me, and she's your best friend, I'm not sure that you should do this at all.\" I said, looking at her, and wishing she would say what I wanted to hear, but knowing that this needed to be discussed now. \"It doesn't matter to me. She hates you because of what Tom did, and I realized that's why I've been so angry with you too.\" She said, looking at me, and touching my soul with her deep eyes. \"Are you sure this is what you want?\" I asked, looking at her and praying that she wouldn't change her mind now. \"You're what I want. You're what I've always wanted, and it's time that I get exactly what I want.\" She said, before hugging me tightly to her.[Chapter 5] Melody in My Head Chapter 5 A/N: Sorry it's been so long! Babysitting all day, family at night, fitting in summer assignments & driving school, somehow. It's been a crazy summer for me, but I'll try not to make you guys wait so long again! \"Can you meet me at the diner?\" I asked, pacing the hot pavement in front of my building and cursing myself for not slipping on shoes before I stepped outside. \"Yeah, I can be there in a few minutes I was on my way home but0\" Robbies voice said, rambling on about his daily life as usual. \"Okay, good.\" I smirked, before hanging up the phone, going back upstairs, slipping on shoes and heading down to the diner. ATAPS As soon as I walked into the diner, Robbie pulled his head to the side and whipped out his cell phone, probably calling Georgia to tell her not to come. Too late. \"Don't bother with it, Robbie.\" I said, smirking as I sat down. \"Jas! Hey! What're you talking about?\" He asked, pretending to be confused as he tried to slip his phone back into his pocket without me noticing. \"I know about you and Georgia.\" I said, looking directly at him and glaring. \"Did Georgia tell you or something?\" He asked, looking confused. \"No, she's been keeping secrets from me since she's got you now. So that's why I came here. I don't want you to be around her anymore.\" I said, looking at him and seeing the anger and hurt pulse through his body in one beat. \"Jas, I'm sorry she's keeping stuff from you, but I'm not doing that.\" He said, standing up. \"Okay then.\" I said, before getting up from the seat, smiling at him, and walking out the door. ATAPS \"Robbie!\" Tom called as soon as I walked in the door to our apartment. \"Yeah?\" I said, walking into the kitchen where he was searching for food, and hopping up onto the counter. \"Why didn't you tell me that Georgia and Jas were in California!\" He said, pulling his head out of the fridge and smiling broadly at me. \"How'd you find this out?\" I asked, feeling dread fill up my body. \"Georgia called earlier, said that it was mad important that you called her as soon as you got home.\" He said, smiling at me and handing me the house phone. \"Georgia?\" I asked once she picked up the phone. \"I thought we agreed to keep this from Jas and Tom?\" She asked, whispering angrily. \"...we did.\" I said, confused. \"Then why did you tell Jas?\" She asked, her anger even more evident. \"I didn't., Georgia, I swear.\" I said, running a hand through my hair. \"Really? Cause she said that you two were at the diner at the same time and you called her over and told her all about it.\" Georgia said, her voice devoid of all feelings except anger. \"Georgia, that's not what happened!\" I said, trying to explain myself as she interrupted me. \"So, you didn't see her at the diner today?\" She said, sighing. \"Well, I did, but-\" \"And of a sudden she knows? I'm not stupid Robbie clearly you told her! You know what? Just leave us alone, leave us both alone for good!\" She screeched before hanging up the phone. \"She already knew.\" I said, finishing my sentence, before hanging up the phone and heading into my room. I kicked all the clothes and blankets out of my way, before I fell down onto my bed, staring up at the ceiling. ATAPS \"I'm so sorry, I didn't tell you Jas, it's just I knew how you felt about him and the two of us being together, so l didn't want to get into a fight with you over it.\" \"It's okay, Georgia.\" She said, her sobs becoming smaller and quieter. \"l just can't believe he would just randomly tell you.\" I said, falling backward onto her bed as she shot up. \"So what, you don't believe me?\" She said, her eyes narrowing and glaring at me. \"Of course I believe you, I just can't believe him. But you know what they say, love blinds us all.\" I said, looking at her sadly as her muscles un-tensed and she relaxed. \"I dont; care, as long as you believe me.\" She mumbled, her face in the pillows. \"Of course, I believe you Jas. You're my best friend, always have been. always will be.\" I said looking over at her and wondering why she was so adamant that I believe her. She looked up at me with her mascara mostly down her face and her eyes red rimmed, and she looked pathetic, but underneath the hurt, something else seemed to linger. Something like, guilt. \"What've you done, Jas?\" I asked, looking at her and suddenly putting all the pieces together. \"You're my best friend, Georgia, you know that.\" She said looking away from me and out her small window at the traffic on the street outside. \"Just tell me, already.\" I said, pulling her eyes back over to me, and feeling dread overtake my body. \"I may have lied about how I found out about you and Robbie...\" She said, looking away from me again. \"May have, or did?\" I asked, anger building inside of me. \"Did.\" She answered, looking at me pitifully. \"Get up and come with me.\" I said, pulling her up at dragging her out of the apartment. \"Where are we going?\" She asked after a few minutes of us walking. \"Robbie and Tom's.\" I said, looking at her when I said 'Tom'. \"Georgia, I can't go there. I can't see him, please don't make me go there!\" She said, looking at me, tears building in her eyes once more. \"You should have thought about that before you went and lied to everyone.\" I said, looking at her and not feeling the slightest thing when she began crying. ","Summary":" Melody in my head \"Tom, I love you.\" I whispered as he kissed me good night on my front porch ste"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Strange Night","Author":"Anim3Fan4Ever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8221090","Passage":"[Chapter 1] OMG! My first NON BTR Story in FOREVER! XD Okay so I watched this movie last weekend and just HAD to write this! I loved it and noticed not many got this pairing going, jsut 8 stories or so? Well here's to more! Disclaimer: I own nothing! Warning: If you're against incest, or inctest-ish things like this then GO! Not the place for you to be! Tom laid in his bed, peacefully sleeping,. That is until he was being shaken awake by something, or someone. But with what happened just a week ago, it could be anything really. \"Tom...\" he heard someone whisper, \"Tom... wake up, please.\" the voice pleaded. \"Five more minutes...\" the boy groaned, still very sleepy \"Please dude, wake up?\" he heard again and finally opened his eyes to... complete darkness. IT's not morning? He glanced at his alarm clock and goraned out loud. \"Jake, dude, it's like... 3AM, the hell?\" I-I know...can... can I sleep with you?\" the blonde asked, a weird and foreign tremor in his voice. It sounded like fear... but that couldn't be right, right? It had to be his imagination, It's Jake for crying out loud. He never gets scared. (Aside from the times they did something bad and they both panicked, Uncle Nate might not care, but Tom's father could be scary when he got mad. Really scary ) \"What's wrong?\" Tom asked, opening the covers to the other boy. \"Just.. uhm... lonely.\" Jake told him a he settled under the covers next to his cousin. \"I know you're lying.\" Tom simply said, the other sighed in defeat. \"Fine... I had a nightmare alright.\" the blond admitted softly, barely audible. Too embarrassed to repeat himself so if Tom didn't hear him, too bad. \"We all get them Jay, no need to be embarrassed.\" the brunet soothed. Damn him for always being able to tell how he felt... well... most of the time, not all the time, luckily. \"I know...\" the younger one mumbled, feeling silly for needing comfort for something like this. I mean it was just a nightmare, come on, nothing to be scared off... right? \"Wanna talk about it?\" Tom asked him. \"No...\" the blonde muttered to himself, mostly, but Tom heard it. \"When you do, I'm here for you.\" with that the brunet got comfortable and closed his eyes again. Jake tried to do the same, but his heart wouldn't stop pounding in his chest and his back didn't stop aching. He whimpered, ever so quietly. He immediately bit his lip, praying his cousin was asleep. He tensed when arms wrapped around him in a comforting hug as he was pressed against the older boy's chest. \"I'm here.\" the soothing voice of his cousin said. Making the other relax a little more and let out a content sigh. \"Thanks Tommy.\" he mumbled and snuggled closer, a small blush on his face, due to the close proximity. He tried to relax, but his mind kept wondering. Could you blame him really? His cousin, who he happened to have a crush on, was holding him close to his chest! As wrong as it is, Not the fact that they're both boys, no Jake didn't care about that, but the fact they were related, he still couldn't help it though. He just felt that way. Nothing he could do about it. \"...It was about when those gremlins held me hostage...\" the blond eventually mumbled. \"Did something happen?\" Tom asked softly. \"... A little... but in my dreams it's always worse.\" Jake told him. \"Wait.. dreams? This isn't the first time? And what did they do?\" the brunet asked, his hold on his cousin tightening defensively. \"I.. they I uh...\" Jake stuttered, not realizing his slip up. \"Jake?\" Tom questioned. \"T-they... they thought I knew something...\" he mumbled like it explained everything. \"And...\" Tom urged him to go on. The blonde just sighed and sat up, lifting his shirt with his back to the brunet. Who let out a gasp seeing faded claw marks. \"They tried to get it out of me... what exactly I don't know.\" Jake mumbled, shaking by now. Tom sat up too and wrapped his arms around the blond. \"It's okay now, they're gone.\" He reassured him, \"Though I wish you told me, I would've kicked their ass when I had the chance.\" That made his heart flutter. He was flattered Tom would do that for him. \"T-thanks, Tommy.\" he said, leaning into his cousin more. Then took a deep breath, \"And in the dreams they did way more than just scratch at me.\" he admitted to the older boy. \"Jake...\" he mumbled and rubbed the blonde's arms gently and soothingly. \"I'm here now.\" he assured him, the younger boy relaxing in his arms now. \"Thanks.\" the blond mumbled as he leaned into the touch. \"I'm such a wuss...\" he muttered under his breath. \"No, you're not. I would get scared too if I had recurring nightmares. It's alright Jake, really.\" the brunet assured him. \"Still...\" Jake muttered. \"Jake... I'm here for you, y'know? No matter what.\" Tom told him. Which made Jake smile as he hugged him close. \"I love you, Tom.\" he said before he could stop himself. The brunet just smiled, \"I love you too, Jake.\" Jake mentally slapped himself, giving a soft sigh of relief when Tom took it the wrong way. It was silent for a while after that. Neither saying anything as they laid back down, just enjoying their closeness and trying their best to relax and go back to sleep. Neither succeeded. This went on as seconds turned to minutes, and minutes into half an hour. \"Tom?\" Jake broke the silence. \"Yeah?\" the brunet replied. \"C-can I... tell you something? And... can you... not laugh?\" he stuttered. \"Why would I laugh?\" Tom asked him, turning his head to look at him, \"I won't.\" he simply sad, seeing the blond's expression. Serious and desperate for reassurance. A rare thing for Jake. \"I... I like... I like boys.\" he managed to get out, not what he aimed for but close enough. He averted his gaze from the older boy, not wanting to see his reaction, the disgust... the anger... or whatever. He felt his shoulder being squeezed, \"That's cool.\" Tom told him, \"I got no problems with it, Jake.\" he said, \"It kind of explains why no one ever saw any of your girlfriends.\" he said as realization hit him. \"Busted.\" the younger boy chuckled. \"And...uhm...\" \"It's okay, I'll keep it quiet. Lips are sealed.\" Tom said. \"No... not that... knowing you're alright with it is enough, everyone can know for all I care.\" Jake said. \"So, no one knew cuz you were afraid of my reaction?\" Tom asked confused. \"Y-yeah.\" \"Why?\" \"Cuz.. uhm... I...\" The blonde bit his lip harshly, trying to get it out, but it got stuck in his throat. \"You can tell me. I won't laugh.\" Tom coached him. \"Y-you'll.. hate me.\" Jake whimpered. \"I could never hate you, Jake.\" the brunet gave him a sweet encouraging smile. \"I... I like you...\" Jake finally got out, his eyes darting all around, not wanting to meet the others gaze. This is it, prepare for a punch, yell, scream, angry rant, anything. He told himself in his mind. \"Really?\" Tom asked. True and honest curiosity in his voice. No disgust, No hatred, no nothing but curiosity, he wasn't mad, disgusted or hated him! \"Y-yes. I have for a while now... a... year?\" he gave a rough guess, still avoiding the others gaze. \"Look at me.\" the older boy said. The blond just shook his head, biting his lip. Tom put his finger to Jake's chin and made him look at him, \"I'm not mad or anything.\" he told him. \"But It's... we're cousins... doesn't it... disgust you?\" he muttered. He received a shake of the head in return. \"Strangely, no. I'd be lying if I said you weren't attractive.\" Tom told him, giving a small and shy smile. \"R-really?\" Jake asked this time, receiving a nod from the older boy. The brunet gently put a hand to the others cheek, gently stroking it with his thumb, \"I'm... curious really. You're a great guy. You're nice, friendly, very courageous, There's almost nothing that scares you and I look up to you for that. And the most important thing, you've got a heart of gold. As much as you try to hide it.\" he said. The blond was blushing big time. His cheeks were as red as tomatoes, but he had the biggest and happiest smile on his face Tom has ever seen. Even bigger than on Christmas when they were allowed open presents. Tears shone in his eyes, and looking at his face Tom guessed they were happy tears. \"S-so...\" the blond tried, but couldn't find his voice. The older boy just leaned in ever so slowly until their lips met the others. It was... weird.. but good weird. Neither having kissed anyone before in their lives. Jake's lips were soft and warm, and the brunet loved it. Tom's similar, but a little more firm. Jake found his eyes closing as they pressed their lips together, both messily moving their lips. Not sure what to do. Sooner than they wanted they had to pull back for air, and as they did, they held each others gazes. Not looking away, and not saying anything, unspoken communication being held with just their eyes. They both leaned back in and they kissed again, this one less clumsy, but filled with just as much passion. After they pulled back they snuggled up against one another. \"Thanks a lot, Tommy. You're my hero.\" Jake smiled happily. The brunet smiled back at him and placed a gentle kiss on his forehead. \"You're welcome, Jakey. From now on I'll come rescue you from your dreams. Promise.\" he assured the blonde. \"Thanks.\" the other smiled back. They both closed their eyes. And Jake knew, if he was back in that basement with those creatures as they tortured him or whatnot, Tom would come to his rescue. ","Summary":" OMG! My first NON BTR Story in FOREVER! XD Okay so I watched this movie last weekend and just HAD t"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"It was life changing","Author":"music-speaks-to-me","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12215421","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey I do not own This is me trying to get over writer's block will try and update other stories soon please review it reminds me to write more of all my stories music-speaks-to-me \"Bethany! We did it!\" Hannah Pearson yelled as she ran towards her big sister. \"Hannah, oh my god are you okay?\" Bethany asked as she pulled her little sister into her side. \"Yeah.\" Hannah replied as the boys yelled, \"Hey guys, Over here. Did you guys see that?\" \"Great job, Hannah! And you too, Bethany!\" Tom congratulated as he hugged his two sisters. \"Snugs was great. You guys were to.\" Hannah replied as she pulled back from him. \"Tom, what about the others?\" Bethany asked as they all stared up at the sky, \"There's to many of them.\" Snugs flipped his watch open and communicated with the fleet, \"Retreat. Retreat. The machine has been destroyed. We have been outsmarted by the humans. The invasion has failed.\" The Pearsons grinned as the Zirkon fleet disappeared from the sky. As the last ship disappeared into the night sky the children began to jump around and hug each other. And amid all the hugging Jake pulled Tom into his side and kissed him chastely on the lips. Everyone wolf whistled and cat called as the two blushing boys pulled apart. Both knew they had a lot to talk about so once the celebrating and the tearful goodbye to Snugs was over the two sat out on the front porch to talk but after a few whispered, \"I love you\"s and kisses they sat there and stared at the sky until Tom's dad came out to talk to him. \"Listen, about your grades-\" he started. Tom cut him off, \"Dad, let me save you a lecture. You were right, and I was so, so wrong. Turns out there are massive advantages to being smart. I'm really sorry.\" Mr Pearson smiled, \"I had this really great lecture planned. Even rehearsed it in front of the mirror.\" The three of them laughed, \"did you guys see the meteor shower.\" Tom smiled over at Jake and said to his dad, \"yeah it was life-changing!\" Jake hummed and nodded his agreement as he slid his arm round Tom. ","Summary":" Hey I do not own This is me trying to get over writer's block will try and update other stories soo"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"They Came From Upstairs","Author":"Bearcat Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11346412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: just so you know there will be no romance in this story. Nessa's Pov: Hi I'm Nessaryn, but please call me Nessa. I'm sitting in the car between by two brothers, Art and Lee. All three of us were completely absorbed in our DSes. Then Art looked up and said, \"Hey, we're here.\" Lee and I looked up, saw that we were here and then went back to our games. After Nate had a small reunion with Uncle Stu, Jake popped his head through the door and said, \"Hey, help me with my bags will yah.\" I rolled my eyes at him and said, \"My brothers may want to help you but, I don't happen to.\" You may have guessed it, I'm the sassy one. I got out of the car, grabbed my bag out of the back, and went inside. I was followed by my brothers. I just threw my bag in the first room that didn't have any bags in it and followed Jake, Art, and Lee to one of the the room that it looked like he was staying in. My older cousin, Tom, was already in there and protesting that he got there first. \"Oi!\" I shouted making them both turn to me. \"You have to respect that he got here first,\" I said to my older brother. He just looked at me like, 'what the?' Loud music came from outside, breaking our glaring contest. All three of us looked out the window to see a older kid pull up in a Dodge Charger. \"Nice car, really bad paint job,\" I said. I followed Tom downstairs and outside. While Tom and the guy had a a conversation, I was in the back looking at his car. The guy noticed me and said, \"You like it?\" I looked at him and cocked an eyebrow, \"This car is not in good condition; how long has it been sense your last oil change?\" The guy just looked at me like I was insane. Then my other older cousin Bethany came up squealing his name, which I guess was \"Ricky.\" I went back inside with my brothers. Very soon after I was done explaining to them what had just happened the weirdo came in with my cousins. Art leaned over to me and whispered, \" He owns a charger.\" I nodded and Lee looked at me with disbelief. Then he started talking about how his car keeps breaking down, and how he needed to get going. When he said that his car kept breaking down I shouted , \"I wonder why?\" Then Tom suggested that I take a look at it. Ricky said, \"How would a 12 year old girl know more than I do about cars?\" \"You probably don't know this but,\" I started. \"She once took apart an engine at a car show,\" Art continued. \"And put it back together before anyone noticed,\" Lee finished. I smirked at him and started walking down to his car. I popped the hood and saw that one of the starters was missing. \"Well,\" I said, \"It's a miracle that you even started it to get out here.\" So apparently he was now sleeping here for a night, fabulous. ","Summary":" A/n: just so you know there will be no romance in this story. Nessa's Pov: Hi I'm Nessaryn, but ple"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Whatever This Is","Author":"hoagie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9900418","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After all the noise and chaos of her day it was nice if not a little unsettling to wake up in the middle of night and hear that the vacation house was now deafly silent. Bethany wanted to go back to sleep, but between the days excitement that had left her a little on edge and the familiar thirst that so often accompanied waking up at that time of night, she saw that sleep wasn't going to happen. Stepping out of her room and into the darkness of the hallway, Bethany felt a pang of fear run through her; she had after all only just repulsed an alien invasion with her family a few hours ago. As she tentatively moved through the darkened hallway towards the stairs she remembered how her family had united to defeat the invaders and how her brother had stepped up and outwitted the aliens in the end. Bethany felt a strange warmth and a sense of pride at the thought of her little brother, despite their recent disagreement and the childish bickering, she had always believed that her brother was capable of great things, and saving their planet certainly counted as such. With each step down the old flight of stairs, they creaked in protest loudly enough that Bethany worried that it might wake the rest of her family, but she made it to the ground floor without incident. From the bottom of the stairs Bethany made it to the kitchen where she had a glass of water to slake her thirst. Now Bethany was faced with the decision of whether to go back to bed or to stay up a little longer and hope that she would feel tired again sometime soon. Without choosing either plan, Bethany wandered to the front of the house and peered through the houses front windows. Outside she saw someone sitting on the steps of the front porch. Thanks to the darkness and the fact that whoever was out there had their back to her, Bethany couldn't be certain who was out there but she felt had a feeling that it was her bother. Now certain that she didn't want to go back to bed yet, Bethany opened the front door and was hit by the cool night air and a even cooler breeze blowing off of the nearby lake. Bethany closed the door behind her and moved towards the person on the steps who then turned round to face her. Even in the darkness of night she could make out Tom's face. \"Bethany\" he said softly, sounding a little surprised. \"Hey\" she said in return as she sat down next to him. For several minutes both of them sat in silence while they looked out at the world they had managed to save and listened to the crickets and the sound of the wind. Eventually Tom let out a sigh that Bethany knew was a nonverbal acknowledgement of the danger they had been in and survived. \"I guess you couldn't sleep either\" asked Tom. \"No, I woke up like five minutes ago and came down for a drink. Then I saw you out here and decided to get some fresh air.\" After several nervous seconds Tom said \"I'm glad you did\" Nervously. Bethany was surprised by what her brother had said, even though the feud and bad blood between them had ended earlier that night, it had probably been the first nice thing he had said to her since she had started dating Ricky. At a loss as to what to say in response Bethany put a hand on his shoulder and just smiled at him when he turned to look at her. \"You would think we wouldn't be the only ones having trouble sleeping\" said Tom. \"Hannah and the twins are too young to really understand how serious today was and Jake…well Jake is Jake.\" Tom laughed in response to his sister as replied \"Yeah, I guess you're right.\" The mention of her little sister and cousins made Bethany think of how they had been fighting aliens while she had spent most of the day trying to find Ricky. It was only after the battle had been nearly lost that she had learned the truth and helped them. Suddenly feeling guilty for not being there for her family, Bethany gave Tom's shoulder a squeeze and said \"I'm sorry that I didn't help you guys earlier.\" \"That's okay\" Tom responded almost instantly in an excited voice. \"I mean\" he started again in a calmer voice \"If me and Jake had come to you and said we were fighting aliens would you have believed me?\" Bethany looked at her brother who had a nervous smile growing on his lips and said \"No, definitely not\" in a joking tone of voice. Tom turned his head and looked forward again while Bethany took her hand off his shoulder and let it fall between them. \"Bethany, I'm sorry too.\" \"About what\" she asked in confusion. \"The whole thing with Ricky, I never trusted him and I kinda went overboard in trying to get rid of him. \" Tom's apology couldn't help but bring up the less than pleasant memory of her breaking up with Ricky. Bethany had no regrets about it though, Ricky had insulted her family and that was something that she would never tolerate. \"It's okay Tom really, you're hardly the first brother to be overly protective of his sister. Well overprotective isn't the right term because he was a creepy jerk.\" \"Thanks\" he said to her before a strange but comfortable silence fell between them as they looked up at the stars. At some point Bethany began to feel tired and had to try and stifle a yawn. She knew now would be a good time to go back to bed, but not before she gave into an inexplicable urge to take hold of her brothers hand and give it a short squeeze. Standing up, Bethany said \"I'm going back to bed, goodnight Tom. As she walked back towards the front door she heard him say \"Goodnight\" in return. For a weeklong vacation that she hadn't been looking forward to other than for the fact that there would be a pool, Bethany had to say that she had enjoyed it. Thanks to the severity of the danger on the first day of her vacation, she had realized what very few people her age understood; that simply being with her family in peace was a blessing. This was especially true with her younger brother who ever since their first day there and their conversation later that night, Bethany had felt connected to in a way she hadn't felt since they were both much younger. So when the week came to a close and her family piled into their suv she had bitter sweet feelings, Bethany had enjoyed being near her extended family and would miss them, but at the same time the relationship with her brother that she hadn't even realized had become strained till they had fixed it, was now in a much more pleasant place. Now Bethany had no problem sitting next to her brother for the long trip back and Tom who had made it clear he didn't appreciate sitting in the middle seat on the way there had no word of complaint. Unlike the initial trip to the vacation house, the Pearsons had left later in the day and the sun had set well before they made it home. Since Bethany no longer wished to see Ricky let alone speak to him ever again; she couldn't pass the time by exchanging flirty texts with him. This left her with little more to do than to stare out the window, talk with her siblings or to try and catch some sleep. Due to the fact that she had gone to bed late the previous night and the amount of time she had spent sitting in the van, Bethany felt like taking a nap. The trouble was that sleeping while sitting up was anything but easy, Bethany could just sit back and try to fall asleep that way but she was sure that would never work. A better option would be lean off to one side. To her left was the window which was anything but soft, plus laying her head against It would mean that the vibrations from the suv running over the road would be passed on to her head. To her right sat Tom who Bethany had no problem with using as a pillow. The issue with that was she wasn't sure how her brother would react to being used like furniture. She knew that now that Ricky was gone, Tom was no longer annoyed with her; still resting her head on his shoulder might irritate him. It never occurred to Bethany that she was staring at Tom the whole time she had been thinking her decision over. Tom noticed this and flashed his sister an anxious smile in response. To Bethany, the benign gesture from her brother was a sign that she could do whatever she wanted. Tom appeared to be a little startled when Bethany grabbed onto his left arm and hugged it against herself, but said nothing to her as she laid her head against his shoulder. Bethany wondered if what she was doing was weird or inappropriate but found it hard to care. Ever since the start of their family vacation she had found Tom's presence and especially physical contact with him reassuring. Within a couple of minutes Bethany began to nod off with a contented smile on her face. \"Bethany\" she heard a male voice whisper to her, as she drifted out of sleep. \"Bethany\" he whispered again and this time Bethany opened her eyes. With her head still resting on Tom's shoulder, she looked up to him to see Tom looking back at her. \"Were almost home, time to wake up.\" Bethany released his arm and sat upright, suddenly feeling a little nervous about what she had done to her brother, but that changed when she looked across the bench seat to see that Hannah had followed her big sisters example and had fallen asleep while leaning against her brother. Bethany wondered why Tom hadn't woken Hannah up as well, till the car was parked at home and Tom undid Hannah's seat belt before he cradled her in his arms. While Tom carried his still sleeping little sister into their house, Bethany felt the same sense of warmth and pride she had felt earlier in the week and an involuntary smile grew on her lips. Once she was inside her room again Bethany dropped her luggage on the floor and collapsed on her bed suddenly feeling very happy to be home where she could sleep in her own bed again. Still feeling drowsy from the ride home, it wasn't very long before Bethany began to drift off into sleep, but before she did she couldn't help but notice how much warmer she had felt sitting next to her brother. For a while Bethany's summer vacation went better that she had ever hoped for. The bond she shared with Tom only grew stronger as Bethany spent most of her day hanging out not with her girlfriends but her little brother. As the summer wound down and Bethany's freshman year at Michigan approached she noticed a change in her brother's behavior, while earlier in the summer Tom would never turn down her invitation to go somewhere with her, now more often than not he would tell her he was busy with something and then wander off without telling her anything. The way he spoke to her had changed as well. The bitterness and condescension that had made its ugly appearance when she was dating Ricky was back and worse than ever. At first Bethany tried to ignore Tom's change in behavior and hoped that everything would go back to normal, but within a week of her having to leave it had begun to really hurt. The thought of leaving for college with yet another unresolved problem between them upset Bethany and she desperately wanted to end whatever it was that had come between them again. The trouble was that Bethany didn't know what it was that had made Tom angry with her. In an attempt to find out what was troubling her brother and to avoid the heartache that would come from leaving for school with Tom still being angry with her, Bethany decided to confront Tom and force him to speak to her about it. The ideal place to do so, Bethany realized would be the basement. The basement that was used to store things the Pearson's no longer needed at the moment was a complete mess that Tom and Bethany's parents did their best to ignore so there was little chance that they would interrupt them, plus Hannah was still at the age where children tended to avoid the darker and creepier parts of their own home. The pretense Bethany hoped to use to get Tom to follow her down into the basement was to ask him to help her look for a piece of luggage that she needed to use to pack her things away for school. Right from the start the plan took a bad turn since Tom almost seemed to take personal offense to her request, but Bethany persisted and pleaded with her brother enough to make him follow her downstairs. For a short time the siblings spread out amongst the basement and searched for the luggage in silence. Bethany knew that now was her chance to find out what had upset Tom but she was nervous. Asking angry people why there angry tended to blow up in your face, instead Bethany ended up asking the impersonal question of \"Did you find it yet?\" \"No\" he answered harshly. Bethany was surprised that a simple question got such an angry response and did her best to ignore how much it hurt when he spoke to her like that because she saw it as the opening she needed to get an explanation out of him. Turning towards her brother Bethany said \"You're just helping me find a suitcase Tom. Why is this such a big deal?\" Without bothering to look at her, Tom answered \"It's not, I'm just…I'm just in a bad mood\" and then continued searching for the suitcase. Seeing that she was on the precipice of getting a real answer out of him, Bethany stopped searching and walked over towards her brother. \"Tom. You've been in a bad mood for almost two weeks now. What's going on?\" With a pained look in his eyes, Tom turned to face Bethany and said \"Nothing is going on, I'm fine.\" This time it was Bethany that became angry, she felt like she was so close to getting an explanation from him but he refused to talk. Acting on her anger, Bethany moved closer towards Tom, bringing herself within inches of him before she spoke to him with obvious anger and sarcasm in her voice. \"Really Tom, nothing is going on? My own brother had been acting like a complete jerk to me and I want to know why.\" As she looked up slightly towards her Tom, Bethany saw what looked like tears welling up in his eyes. The sight of Tom like that put an end to most of her anger towards him, but Bethany knew that she was close to getting him to tell her the truth and kept the pressure on him. Speaking in a tone of voice that sounded far angrier than she really was, Bethany said \"Please just me what the hell is going on with you.\" Bethany kept her eyes locked onto his and for a short time Tom met her gaze but eventually he looked away, that's when she heard him whisper \"I don't want you to leave.\" Not quite sure that she heard him, Bethany found herself asking \"What?\" With a shaky voice he answered her. \"I don't want you to leave for school. I thought when Ricky left I wouldn't have to worry about losing you anymore. I guess I just thought you would stay here with me because…\" By the end Tom just seemed to lose his voice and with a hopeless look on his face he turned round to face the basement stairs but Bethany latched onto his right arm before he could head towards the stairwell. Halted by his sister, Tom turned back round to face her. Looking up at Tom, Bethany felt like something inside her had been set loose, as a wave of emotions ran through her. Ever since the first night of their vacation, Bethany had felt like something had changed. It wasn't just the rebuilding of their sibling bond but had marked the beginning of her wanting something else from her brother even if she hadn't realized what that something was. Now that Tom had more less came out and told her how he felt, Bethany felt like she had been waiting for him to say something the entire summer. Now that he had, Bethany knew that she didn't want to be just his sister anymore. With his right arm still in her possession, Bethany took hold of Tom's left hand next and placed both of her brother's hands onto her hips. Tom had an uneasy look on his face but did nothing to resist Bethany as she pressed her lips against his. Bethany felt a spark run through her that only grew more intense when Tom returned the kiss a second later. Breaking the kiss Bethany looked Tom in the eyes as she spoke. \"Whatever this is Tom, will still be here when I come home next summer I promise.\" \"Besides\" she said as she wrapped her arms around Tom and buried her head against his chest \"You're smart enough to go to whatever school you want. Why don't you come to Michigan with me?\" ","Summary":" After all the noise and chaos of her day it was nice if not a little unsettling to wake up in the m"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Spider","Author":"ComeAlongPondX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6932055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Spider Summary: There's a spider. Everyone likes to see Jake suffer, so no one helps him from the massive spider blocking his door. JakexOC. Mentions of TomxOC. A/N: I've had this idea floating around in my head for a while, and out of the random ideas I've come up with, I decided to do this one for my first AITA fan fic, and my first fan fic. I also wanted to make Jake a wimp :). So enjoy! By the way, if you see any mistakes, can you tell me? Thanks :)! Disclaimer: I do not own Aliens In The Attic or Wipeout. I do, however, own Kendall and Adrian. Jake Pearson is not a wimp. Jake Pearson is not scared of anything. Nothing can shake Jake Pearson. Jake Pearson- Who was he kidding? Jake Pearson was sitting on the bed with his knees up at his chin, trying to keep away from a spider. If Jake Pearson was scared of nothing, what the bloody hell was he doing sitting on his bed with his crush of five years, hiding from an evil spider named after a Harry Potter character? He had only half been listening to Tom ramble. He was too absorbed in the TV to care what his cousin was talking about. I mean, it was Wipeout. It's people getting thrown off things into water. He wanted to watch it, not listen to Tom's rambling about... stuff. Jake looked up at the ads to see what Tom was talking about. He was greeted with empty chinese cartons and crushed coke cans. What he wasn't greeted with was Tom. Tom was no longer sitting on the end of his bed and the door was wide open. He had heard him say something, but he said 'Kendall' and Jake zoned out again. Kendall was Tom's girlfriend, and Jake isn't too keen on their mushy love stuff. He's not one for watching Tom and his blonde girlfriend hold hands and giggle and rub it in his face. Kendall's alright looking, he supposes. She's a typical girl. Blonde hair, blue eyes, of average height. But Adrian. Adrian is better than Kendall. Adrian is way shorter than Kendall, and has brown eyes and brown hair. And she's really cute, but that's beside the point. Tom was with his girlfriend and Jake was in his room, that needed to be tidied, watching Wipeout. Alone. Or he thought he was, anyway. It moved. Right next to the TV was a bigger than a golf ball sized black, hairy spider. It scurried along the carpet, towards him. Jake didn't know what to do at first. His eyes went wide, his jaw dropped and he scrambled to his feet on the pillows as he registered the massive freaking spider crawling towards him. Jake, being as totally manly as he is did the first thing any guy would do. He screamed. Loudly, kicking at the carton and can infront of him, sending them flying in the spiders direction. The spider seemed to re-think his route and fled towards the door. \"Holy fu...\" Jake started to yell, trailing off, realising that this massive bloody beast was blocking his door. He began breathing heavily, and cursed a bit between breaths. Jake suddenly got really paranoid, grabbing at his blonde hair, checking for more spiders, or maybe that things babies. He shuddered at the thought. He glared at the spider, who seemed content with blocking his doorway. Jake figured this was over the top for most people, so he guessed he must have arachnophobia, unlike everyone he knew, who was fine with spiders. Hannah was fine with spiders. Tom was fine with them. Art and Lee were fine with them. Bethany was. Wait. Beth. \"Beth! Bethany! Beth, Beth, BETHANY!\" He began yelling. The blonde walked past the door as he said that, taking one look at Jake before laughing. \"Ah ha ha! Jake, what are you doing? Get down!\" She giggled, shaking her head. Jake pointed accusingly at the spider, which Bethany looked at. \"Ooh. Freaking huge spider,\" she mused, before going on her way down the stairs. \"BETHANY! MOVE THE SPIDER!\" \"Nope!\" Jake glowered after his older cousin as she walked away, then he glowered at the spider, who was almost mocking him now. He slumped against the headboard. He was defeated. Maybe he could get Hannah? \"HANNAH!\" The seven year old popped up from somewhere in the hallway. \"Wha- Big spider, Jake. I didn't know you had a pet spider. What's his name?\" Hannah grinned, looking at the spider. Jake resisted the urge to say anything he shouldn't around Hannah and shook his head. \"Can you move him for me?\" He asked the small child. \"Bethany told me not to do you any favours,\" she said. \"Especially ones to do with the giant spider in your door way.\" Jake groaned in frustration. \"Thanks Han,\" he mumbled. \"Any time!\" And she was gone. Jake considered crying. The spider was bloody massive and was staring at him with however many eyes it had. He glared again and decided to settle for the third best thing. \"TWINS! ART! LEE! GET UP HERE, PLEASE!\" The twins appeared from either side of the door, stepping back as they saw the spider. \"Woah.\" \"Move it,\" Jake said, through gritted teeth. The twins looked at eachother, Jake, then the spider. Jake had decided to call it Voldemort, simply because he was sure it had magical powers, and would kill him now, his arachnophobia hitting whole new levels. \"We would.\" Lee said. \"But watching you suffer is fun,\" Art shrugged, and the two walked away. Jake was screwed. He wouldn't call Tom and be called a wimp. He would just wait for it to go. Jake was pissed. It had been ten minutes and the spider was still there. It had moved to the side, and Jake had stepped off the bed slowly. Voldemort was having none of that and scuttled back near the door. \"Jake? What's going on?\" a familiar voice asked. Jake looked up to see the last person he expected in his doorway. \"AD?\" he frowned, looking at Adrian. \"Hey. What's going on.\" \"Voldemort,\" he said simply, to the Latina. \"The fictional character?\" She asked, confused. \"What? No. The spider,\" Jake said, pointing to Voldemort the spider. \"Oh. He's big.\" \"Thanks. Can you... help me?\" He whispered the last part, not wanting to seem like a total loser infront of his crush. \"Sure. What do you want me to do.\" Jake almost cried at the thought of getting out of the room, which was starting to feel smaller. \"Put a cup over it.\" \"Sure. I might have to get a... bowl,\" she says slowly, peeking at Voldemort. Adrian re-appeared moments later with a mixing bowl, preparing to drop it on Voldemort. Voldemort was having none of that either, because he moved suddenly. Adrian drops the bowl and races through the room to jump onto the bed, into Jake's arms. \"Nice going, AD,\" he sighed, patting her shoulder. So that's how Jake 'Fearless' Pearson ended up on his bed after twenty minutes with his best friend, the girl he's had a crush on since he was ten. The next thing Adrian did shocked Jake. \"I have an idea,\" she whispered. He looked at her but said nothing. \"I'm going to run to the door a-\" \"What!\" Jake hissed. He began to think of various scenarios of this plan going terribly wrong. Adrian would run to the door, the spider would rush out between them and he'd get stuck. Or The spider would turn out to be the kind that jumped and it would pounce on her face and hurt her. \"Yeah, and I'll open it, the spider will hopefully run so then you run!\" She didn't seem to see the flaw to her plan. \"AD, that's a terrible idea!\" He said. \"It'll run towards me-\" \"Don't worry. Look, while I feel brave-\" \"No!\" Jake protested as Adrian made her move. He lunged after her and grabbed her leg. She toppled off the bed and hit the floor with a thump, half dragging Jake off too. She looked at the spider and realised. This spider was a jumping spider. It could easily leap the small distance to her face. She didn't care about breaking things like the lamp beside the bed, or Jake's nose as she kicked her legs, pulling herself up. The lamp did crash to the floor and the spider changed modes. Into fight mode. It was bigger than Jake remembered. \"VOLDEMORT!\" Jake yelled at the spider as it scuttled across the floor. It reached the foot of the bed and Jake jumped into gear. This was a jumping spider, and jumping spiders jumped, incase you didn't know. It was going to jump onto the bed. \"AD, MOVE!\" He yelled into the brunnette's ear and stood up, pulling her with her. He grabbed her wrist, fleeing from the bed, over the spider and out the open door. Adrian slammed the door. Voldemort was not a nice spider and he wanted to attack Adrian's face. She would not put up with that crap. They both leaped towards the stairs, tumbling down. They landed at the bottom and Jake's instincts kicked in. He grabbed Adrian's face and kissed her. She was taken by suprise, but obliged and kissed him back. She pulled back and stared at him. \"I nearly died today,\" she whispered, realising her face was wet. She'd been crying, and evidently so had Fearless Pearson. \"I'm never going in there again,\" He said, even though the spider didn't exactly almost kill her. Adrian nodded. At that moment, Nina Pearson walked in, seeing her nephew and his best friend lying at the bottom of the stairs in a heap. \"What happened?\" she asked, dropping her keys in the bowl. There was an uproar of yells and sobs. \"Spider!\" \"It tried to eat my face!\" \"No one would pick it up!\" \"Bowl!\" \"AD nearly died!\" \"I nearly died!\" \"I'll get the glass,\" she sighed. \"Much obliged.\" She raised her eyebrows at Jake. \"I love you?\" \"Mmhm,\" She muttered, walking into the kitchen. Increadibly badly written kiss is increadibly badly written. I'm thinking I should write something continuing this or something. What do you think? Reviews would be greatly appreciated! ","Summary":" Spider Summary: There's a spider. Everyone likes to see Jake suffer, so no one helps him from the m"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Getting Attention From An Attention Whore","Author":"sistokid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6843399","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I swear, it's like a disease. I just can't stop writing these stupid things. I'm starting to hate my addiction to this ridiculous pairing. Disclaimer: I don't own Aliens in the Attic or the characters (which is probably a good thing, because it would've turned into another frilly, gay movie). Warnings: Slight language. Possible OOC, although I usually don't get complaints about that. THIS IS OBNOXIOUSLY FLUFFY AT POINTS. I AM SO, SO SORRY. Also: Contains incest, a little. Kind of. First cousins who won't reproduce together are kind of on the line, yeah? No? Whatever. Hey, at least I haven't made them have sex or anything, right? I can only pray the actors will never, ever, EVER read any of my f*cked up stories. Flamers... shoo. Reviews are appreciated but not demanded. \"You've been avoiding me.\" Jake looked up from the television to find Tom standing off to the side and staring him down. Although the brunette seemed determined, his arms were wrapped around his own chest, like he was nervous about the confrontation he was apparently thrusting upon Jake. \"What?\" \"You… you haven't been… you've been avoiding me. Every time I go to hang out with you, you walk off or make excuses or something. I don't know, it's just… are you mad at me? Did I do something wrong?\" Jake had to force himself to not look up. He could tell from Tom's voice that he would look sad and upset, and Jake didn't want to see that. He was having a hard enough time swallowing down the surge of guilt without having to see Tom's hurt expression. \"I have no idea what you're talking about.\" Jake turned the volume on the T.V. up, knowing exactly how rude of a gesture it was. Tom shifted from foot to foot, and Jake spared him a split second glance. He immediately regretted it, though, because Tom looked absolutely crushed. \"Oh… I…\" The poor brunette trailed off, looking away. \"Okay. Can I… mind if I join you then?\" The question was almost muttered, and Jake barely caught it over the obnoxiously high volume of the television. \"I was just about to leave,\" he replied flatly, although it was obvious to both teens that Jake had not been planning to leave anytime soon. Jake glanced up at Tom again, but this time didn't look away. Tom's emotions apparently shifted, and instead of looking like a kicked puppy, he looked pissed. His fists were down by his sides and clenched to the point of his knuckles being white. His mouth was twisted and it looked like he was trying not to bite his own tongue off in fury. \"Okay, this ends now ,\" he snapped, storming over to the recliner chair Jake was currently flopped on. He snatched the remote from Jake's loose grip, turned and quickly flipped the television off. Tom chucked the remote somewhere across the room, not caring when it sounded like it may have broken something in its landing. \"I wanna know why you have been acting like a jerk this past week. You won't talk to me anymore, you won't hang out with me any more, and you rarely even stay in the same room as me. At first I thought I was imagining it, but even Hannah is asking me what I did wrong.\" \"I already said you didn't-\" \"Then why aren't you talking to me ?\" \"I'm talking to you right now,\" Jake replied easily. Clearly this wasn't the best thing to say, because Tom growled and pounced on Jake, trapping him on the chair, straddling his legs, and gripping the blonde's shirt collar in both hands. \"You have five seconds to give me a good reason for acting like an asshole before I punch you,\" he threatened, tightening his grip on Jake's shirt. Jake's own temper broke, and he roughly gripped Tom's shirt in his own fists, looking just as ticked off as his cousin. \"So just because I don't give you every second of my life, you think you can come stomping in here and pick a fight with me? At least you finally grew a pair, loser,\" he said, shoving at Tom's chest with his still-clenched fists. Tom looked abashed for a moment, and then gritted his teeth, looking even angrier. \"I don't want every second of your life . What I want is for you to not act like a complete jerk to me. And stop ignoring me and acting like a brat and talk to me about whatever it is that lodged itself up your ass!\" \"Shut the hell up, Tom! I'm allowed to not want to be with you once in a while! You don't know everything about me, okay?\" \"Stop turning this around on me! You're the one who's been acting like I've done something to you! And if I have, then I'm sorry, but you have to actually tell me what I did for me to be sorry for it. God, you're so dramatic sometimes!\" Tom shook Jake's collar a few times for emphasis. Jake snarled. He hated being called dramatic. His friends at high school constantly told him he was being a drama queen. Being a pretty-boy who had a tendency to get overenthusiastic about things apparently equated to being dramatic. But he still hated it. \" I'm being dramatic? Who came in here nearly in tears and whining like a baby because someone's not paying enough attention to him? Who broke a goddamn vase with a remote control because he decided to throw a temper tantrum? And who is straddling me and nearly tearing my shirt in half because he's getting pissed off over nothing?\" Jake hadn't really intended to point out that his cousin was sprawled over him, and it hadn't really even fazed the blonde himself. But Tom's furious expression dropped right off of his face and he nearly leapt off of Jake's lap when he realized that he had been sitting awkwardly on his cousin. \"Sorry, I just…\" Tom sighed, rubbing at his elbows uncomfortably, and let his legs collapse so he could sit on the floor in front of Jake's recliner. He groaned in frustration, covering his eyes with both hands and rubbing profusely. Jake almost felt sorry enough to fall down next to his cousin and hug him. Almost. \"Whatever,\" Jake said instead, brushing off Tom's efforts and inspecting his immensely interesting fingers. \"I feel horrible. I don't even know what I did wrong, and I feel like vomiting whenever you push me away,\" Tom murmured, and the self-hating tone it was said in broke Jake's heart. Truthfully, Jake had been avoiding Tom for one reason: he wanted more than anything to be around Tom constantly. He and his cousin had always been close, but it was getting to be too strong of an urge for the blonde. Tom had dated this girl for about a month the past summer, and it was the worst month of Jake's life. The family had been back up at the vacation house, and Jake had been excited to hang out with his cousin. But the brunette had a petite blonde trailing after him, with long bouncing curls and a seemingly flat chest. In fact, if she cut her hair short enough, she may have passed for a boy. Not to say she was ugly, she was just one of those people who was attractive, but could really be either male or female. Jake hated her at first sight. Maybe he was just being irrational. Maybe he had been acting like a small child, being jealous because his cousin had someone else to spend time with. Or maybe he had to stop acting like he was stupid and admit that he wanted Tom's attention all for himself. And maybe that was kind of gay, but Jake wasn't one to care about what others thought, and the entire world could call him rude things and label him as homosexual, but as long as he had Tom's attention to himself, the world could go screw itself. And if that meant that he had a man-crush on his cousin, which was wrong on just so many levels, then oh freaking well. \"Jake, please, just- just tell me. I just need to know what happened… Jake?\" Tom looked miserable, and Jake's will to be nasty to him quickly dissolved. \"Listen it's…\" He almost said 'nothing', but that wouldn't fly with Tom. Jake sighed. \"Do you remember how you dated that girl this past summer? Kaity or whatever?\" \"Carly. Yeah, why?\" \"Well… it was great that you got to go out with her and all,\" Jake lied, mentally punching the lie in the face, \"but you kind of ignored me the whole time. And I know it's because you had a girlfriend and it was a big deal and all,\" he added quickly at Tom's surprised look. \"But you just… ditched me, like a girl that you stayed with for a month meant more to you than…\" He trailed off, looking away. \"You… you've been ignoring me because… you were jealous of me having a girlfriend?\" Tom's quiet voice sounded surprised, and Jake closed his eyes before glancing back at the other boy. \"But… that was like… three months ago. And I know that this is the first time since this summer that we're back in this house but… you texted me almost every day, like normal, up until this past week.\" \"Yeah, well…\" Jake had no real answer for that. What was he supposed to say? 'Oh, well, it took me three months and seeing you again in this house for me to realize that maybe I like you more than I should?' Yeah, that would totally go over well. \"This is about something different, isn't it?\" Tom hesitated, and then scooted closer to the recliner chair, lifting himself to his knees. \"You can tell me, you know. I… I just want to know why you… I thought you started hating me. Please tell me you don't… please…\" Tom looked so desperate to fix the tension between himself and the blonde in front of him. Jake rubbed a hand roughly over his face, trying to rub the wrong, incestuous thoughts out through his forehead. \"I don't hate you,\" he muttered, looking off to the side. Tom looked up at him, and Jake could see the hopeful look out of the corner of his eye. \"If I told you the truth, you would hate me .\" Jake frowned, regretting revealing anything. Now Tom knew that there was something wrong, even if he didn't know what. \"Listen, I won't be a jerk anymore, okay? So let's just go get sandwiches or something.\" He pushed himself from the comfy recliner and made his way to the door, expecting Tom to follow him when he felt a tug on his shirt. Peering backwards, he saw Tom was clutching the back of his tee shirt, looking at him intently. \"You're not just going to brush this aside like it's nothing. I want to know- I deserve to know why you acted that way. Just tell me-\" \"Listen, I don't want to talk about it, okay? So just let it go and let's pretend like nothing changed from before the summer. Now if you'd let go- \" \"No!\" Tom used his unoccupied hand to grasp Jake's shoulder and spun the blonde around, slamming him into the closed door and keeping him there with two strong palms on his upper arms. \"This is what I'm talking about! We used to be so close, and you can't even talk to me about why you won't talk to me! We used to be so close…\" he repeated, suddenly slumping and looking depressed beyond all reason. \"You're one of my best friends, you know that? And for you to be like this…\" \"I said I would stop acting like that-\" \"But why were you acting like that in the first place?\" \"I don't want to talk about it, so can you respect that?\" \"Jake!\" \"Tom!\" \"Just talk to me!\" \"I don't want to!\" \"I need to know-\" \"Trust me, you don't.\" Tom growled, pulling on Jake's arms and slamming him back into the door. \"God damnit, Jake, just tell me why -\" \"I like you, okay?\" Jake exploded. He clenched his fists uselessly in the hem of his shirt. \"I like you, and not like you like me. I want to be the only one who gets your attention and the only one who you spend all of your time with and the only one who you look at the way you looked at Carly! I… I…\" Jake deflated, losing the energy that had empowered his outburst. \"I like you.\" Tom didn't say anything. He simply gaped at Jake like elves were sprouting out of his ears. His hands slid from Jake's arms and fell to his sides, and he took a small step back. The step back was what hurt the most, and Jake felt his insides churning from the subtle rejection. The brunette looked away sharply. \"I didn't… I don't…\" \"Right,\" Jake interrupted, not waiting for a verbal answer. From the looks of it, Tom's response would not be in Jake's favor. \"I have to go.\" The blonde bolted from the room, nearly tripping over the doorway. He didn't see the lost expression on Tom's face as the brunette confusedly watched the other boy run away. Jake managed to avoid Tom for the next two days. It was Friday, and the following day was Christmas. He wouldn't be able to dodge the brunette on Christmas, but he could hide like a scared child until then and suffer through that day when it came. Spending the day in the nearby woods and hiding in the twins' bedroom during the rest of the time was a boring but effective way to not confront Tom. Confronting him wasn't even the problem. Jake didn't really have any embarrassment about the situation, and wasn't afraid of any reaction Tom would or could have. But it… well, it hurt to think of being by Tom and knowing he'd never return Jake's feelings. He might even make fun of him, although at least then he'd have the boy's attention, even if it was negative. But what if- what if Tom brought over another girl? What if he fell in love and rubbed it in Jake's face? Spite wasn't a normal thing for Tom, but… god, even the thought hurt Jake. So he hid, and ate whatever food the twins' snuck up for him. He managed to survive until that Friday night, Christmas Eve. Until he forgot to be on his guard while chugging down a delicious mug of hot chocolate that had been randomly sitting on the counter, begging to be devoured. The mug was clutched tightly in both hands as Jake sucked down the giant marshmallows in one swallow. He went to place the mug back on the counter, now completely empty, but found he couldn't. Staring at the mug stupidly, Jake tried to place it down again, but… his hands were stuck. To the mug. Like, super-glue stuck. \"The hell?\" he muttered, trying to tug his hands apart. \"I knew it would work,\" a voice chuckled from behind him. Jake whirled around to find Tom leaning against the doorway, grinning proudly. \"Figures you couldn't resist hot chocolate that wasn't yours.\" \"Why are my hands stuck?\" Jake demanded, figuring that was a more important topic than the fact that he was talking to someone he should be avoiding. \"I extra-super-glued the mug. It'll wear off… eventually,\" he smirked, pushing himself off of the doorway and walking cautiously to Jake's side. The blonde flinched backwards, and started to stumble around, trying to figure out how to get past Tom and escape through the only kitchen door. Sighing, he realized that he might actually have to talk. Gathering up everything inside that made him manly, he stood tall and put on a straight face. \"All right. Why am I super-glued to a mug?\" \"We need to talk.\" \"I kind of gathered that was what this was about. Unless you're just mean and this is a method of punishment,\" Jake spat out, subconsciously tugging at his hands again. Tom's grin dropped right off of his face, and self-consciously crossed his arms. \"This isn't punishment. You've been avoiding me, and I needed a way to keep you in one place for more than five minutes.\" \"Fine, then can you talk already so we can get this over with and I can leave ?\" \"I… yeah, all right. Okay, here it goes, and you have to hear me out completely, okay?\" Tom took a deep breath, bracing himself. Jake gulped, knowing that whatever came out of the brunette's mouth next would not be good. \"First off, I'm sorry that I did the jerk thing and ditched you for a girl this past summer. That's completely against the guy code.\" \"It's fine-\" \"Shut up, I'm not done,\" Tom interrupted, holding up his hand in a 'stop' signal. \"Next… I… I'm going to be completely honest right now, okay? If I were to say I've never liked another guy…\" Tom closed his eyes and Jake nearly crushed the mug in his grip. \"It would be a lie.\" There was a long, awkward pause as that statement sunk in. \"What?\" \"But let's get something straight; I like girls. I really liked Carly, and I've had crushes on other girls too. But… I also had this crush on the leader of the Mathletes. His name is Mark, and I stopped liking him once he got a girlfriend, but I just… I don't know. It's not like I liked him because he was a boy, you know? I just liked who he was . He was smart and funny and stuff, and it just didn't matter that he was a guy.\" \"Thanks for sharing, can I go now?\" Jake butted in rudely. It didn't matter if Tom could like boys. The fact of the matter was that he did like a boy, but that boy wasn't Jake. And the blonde, already heartbroken from two days ago, didn't want to hear anymore about other people Tom liked. It was like mashing up six lemons and shoving the entire batch into a gash in his chest. \"No- Jake, listen, please… I only told you that so that you know… god, Jake, I'm not weirded out or anything by you liking another guy. Well… me, I mean. But… you know? I don't mind, okay?\" \"That's wonderful , really terrific . Thanks for accepting the fact that I have the hots for my male cousin. Really, you giving me the okay to keep pining for you is like an early Christmas gift,\" Jake droned sarcastically. He started to move to pass Tom and leave the kitchen, which was now way to stuffy and awkward for Jake's taste. Tom sighed, wishing Jake would just listen and stop acting like a whiny little girl. The brunette decided to activate to plan B, and grabbed Jake by his shoulders roughly, turning and slamming him into the doorway. Jake's eyes were closed and he looked about to cry, which just made Tom grin at his plan. \"Please… please just let me walk away. You have no idea how hard this is-\" \"Jake, just shut your damn mouth and look up,\" Tom whispered, pressing himself closer to the blonde. Jake hesitated, but opened his gigantic blue eyes slowly and started at Tom. The brunette jerked his chin upwards, grinning stupidly. Jake sighed heavily, closing his eyes briefly before following the gesture upwards, nearly crying at the sight he found at the top of the doorway. \"I don't think I've ever wanted to stab Bethany more,\" he muttered, staring miserably at the bright thatch of mistletoe dangling from the doorway. He went to cover his face with his hands, but forgot about the mug and smacked his forehead with the ceramic piece. He jerked the mug away, fumbling and finally using the back of his hand to rub at the now sore spot above his nose. \"Bethany didn't put it there. Well, that one, at least,\" Tom corrected. He released one of Jake's shoulders to lower the mug and Jake's hands, pressing it down and leaning forward. \"I put it there, because you refused to listen to me about anything. So… yeah. Here we are.\" \"You… what?\" \"I'll admit, when you first told me, I was really confused. I had no idea what to do, or how to feel. But… you're like my best friend, and… I'm not closer to anyone else, you know? I like you, Jake, and I think I could be okay with like-liking you.\" He pressed even closer, and opened his mouth to say something else, but the last sentence was vibrating through Jake's mind, and there was a mistletoe hanging above them and Tom was pressing him against the doorway and… He lurched forwards and pressed his mouth to Tom's partly open one, immediately tilting his head. Tom inhaled sharply, too shocked to do anything for a moment. Then, in one heartbreaking moment, he pulled back. Jake stared at him, beginning to tremble in realization of what he just did. \"Goddamnit, Jake…\" Tom started, looking up at his slightly taller cousin. \" I was supposed to start it,\" he grinned. \"Way to kill my stride, jerk.\" Jake nearly cried, he was so confused. Apparently his confusion and would-be tears were evident in his expression, because Tom's grin softened and he leaned back towards the blonde. \"I liked it, though,\" Tom whispered, and lifted his jaw up, catching Jake's lower lip in his own mouth. Jake still looked completely lost, but he couldn't really complain when the person he had a girly little crush on was sucking on his lip and- oh dear Jesus, was Tom biting ? Jake almost melted, and went to wrap his arms around Tom's neck. Unfortunately, he forgot about the whole mug deal. Which led to him accidently smashing the mug up into both his and Tom's jaws, and the two broke apart faster than lightening. Jake jerked back too hard, and slammed the back of his head on the doorframe. He went to clutch his head, only to, once more, smack himself in the forehead with the mug. He began flailing around, near tears at the multiple parts of his head that now hurt, when Tom softly gripped both of his wrists and stopped him from moving. \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, it's just I forgot, but it's really your fault because you're the one who glued my hands to a mug and-\" The rambling blonde was cut off by Tom laughing at him. \"It's okay… and I'm sorry. But it worked, right? You couldn't run away from me, and I get to do this,\" he explained, leaning forwards and pressing a simple, light kiss to Jake's forehead, where a lovely red bruise was forming from the mug abuse. \"And this,\" he added, dipping down to kiss under Jake's jaw, where he had pretty much punched himself with a mug. Apparently, under his jaw line was a very sensitive area (who the hell knew?) and a teensy tiny moan may or may not have escaped Jake's mouth. Tom smirked and pulled back. \"Okay? So please… for the love of everything ever, stop running away from me , all right? Because it hurts,\" he said, suddenly getting serious and looking almost as sad as Jake had a moment ago. \"Okay,\" the blonde agreed, which may have gone without argument or demands for an explanation because of the lack of distance between himself and Tom. They kind of grinned stupidly at each other for a little, and things sank in a bit for Jake. \"Really? Mistletoe? That's such a lame tactic.\" \"Hey, it worked, right?\" Tom protested, backing off a bit. Jake smiled goofily. \"But… I don't know that this would be a good idea to do in front of everyone else,\" Tom began, and Jake immediately nodded. \"I have no problem doing this in secret. My dad wouldn't care; I could just say the trauma of the divorce messed me up. But your dad would flip a bitch. And Bethany… god, we'd be shunned from the family. I like you, but I don't want to be homeless just because we couldn't keep this private.\" \"Exactly. So… this stays between us?\" Tom asked, backing off completely and let go of the blonde. Jake nodded, still trying to pry his hands off of the mug. He was dying to hug Tom, maybe even get some more action and make use of the mistletoe. \"Good,\" Tom continued, breaking Jake's thoughts. \"Now come on, I have something in my room that'll dissolve that super-glue.\" He turned and began to leave the kitchen, hesitating just on the other side of the doorway, turning back. \"Well, are you gonna come or not?\" Jake maturely chose to not make a comment on that, and grinned savagely instead, trotting after the brunette. \"After you fix my hands, can we make out and stuff?\" he asked bluntly, earning a surprised laugh from Tom. \"I don't know… are you gonna ignore me after I unglue you?\" the brunette teased, heading for the staircase. Jake, running awkwardly as he gripped the stupid mug, sped up to chase after the other boy. \"Only if you don't put out,\" he replied. Tom paused and turned back, looking genuinely surprised, like he had never considered going that far with a guy. \"I'm kidding, Tom. Now unglue my hands so I can strangle you for gluing me to a mug and being at fault for the several bruises I now have on my face.\" Tom laughed in relief, glad Jake hadn't pressed him into the 'how far can we go' conversation. Liking boys wasn't new for him, but liking his cousin was, and there was only so much he could take into his life in one day. \"I dunno… I kind of like having this power. You can't eat or fish or do anything until I choose to free you,\" he began, racing up the stairs and cackling madly at the possibilities. Jake stamped up the stairs after him, falling a few times and having to catch his balance with the mug. He finally made it to the top, and skidded to Tom's door to come face-to-face with the brunette. Tom immediately gripped the blonde around the waist, pulling him close and ignoring the annoying pressure of the mug between their stomachs. \"You better release me or I will ignore you for the rest of your life,\" Jake murmured, clearly joking as he tilted his head and eyed Tom's mouth. \"Hmm… I kind of like the idea of keeping you like this.\" They eyed each other for a moment, and, keeping an eye on each other, moved in slowly and met halfway, pressing their lips together. Before they could get too carried away, Tom pulled back. \"A helpless, trapped Jake who has no use of his hands and becomes my slave until I choose to unglue him,\" he mused. \"Best Christmas present ever.\" He giggled like a little kid as he barely managed to dodge the mug half-heartedly aimed at his face. ","Summary":" I swear, it's like a disease. I just can't stop writing these stupid things. I'm starting to hate m"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"The Beginning","Author":"crossoverworldgirl95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6767814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aliens in the Attic: Rewrite Just the Beginning Pairings: Jake/OC Disclaimer: I do not own the movie or any of the characters of Aliens in the Attic I only own my own character Abbie Weatherly who's going to give the story a bit of spice! A/N: Hope you all enjoy my rewrite, I know most of what's been said is exactally like the movie but its kind of hard to change it when it goes right with the storyline. Anyway this story is from the point of view of my character Abbie Weatherly. Enjoy! :) xxx I sighed in boredom, twirling both Sai swords in my hand expertly before throwing them both, one after the other, at the dart board that I had hung up in Tom's room. Click click click-click I rolled my eyes at the sound and turned around with a long sigh towards Tom who was frantically typing away at his computer. All innocent looking I know, but I don't really think hacking into the schools network and changing your grades is all that innocent. \"Tommy boy, your gonna get caught dude, you know you are, so why are you risking it!\" \"Shut up Abbie!\" Tom said in frustration, not taking his eyes away from the screen and typing even faster. I sighed again, then walked towards the dart board and pulling the small swords out with ease. \"You know what, I don't care, do whatever you want I'm not going to stop you\" I then turned towards him and smirked maliciously \"but know this, I am so gonna be there and tell ya 'I told you so!' when it all burns in flames around you\" Tom actually paused in his typing at this before shaking his head and ignoring me. I sighed again at his stupidity. Tom and I have been friends since we were five. Growing up we didn't have anything in common, I know weird right. I bet you're all thinking 'Then why are you even friends?' well; we can't actually answer that because we don't even know. All we know is that we feel very protective of one another, we always stand up for each other and that's what makes are friendship so strong. Hell, I've broken someone's nose for old Tommy boy. I smiled at that memory absentmindedly before noticing movement out of the corner of my eye. Curious, I walked closer. I jumped back and held the swords in front of me for protection as the window shot open. At the side of me Tom shot up from his chair. We both sighed in relief when his older sister Bethany, climbed out of the window. Beth and I don't really get along well, never have really, I think it's because we're the exact opposite. Bethany is a girly-girl, with the blond hair, sun kissed skin, short skimpy outfits and cheerleader body. While I, on the other hand are more of a 'don't give a damn how I look' girl. I rough and tumble with the boys in mud with out a care, don't care about the latest fashion or my looks, I'm generally not a girly-girl type of girl. I have Dark brown hair that has grown up to my shoulders but at the moment was in a ponytail, as I hate having my hair down, actually it's a rare occurrence for anyone to ever see me with my hair down. I have light blue eyes and a pale complexion, only ruined by the light sprinkle of freckles that covered my cheeks and nose. I play sports such as basketball, cricket, soccer, swimming, boxing and Tiquando, oh, and of course I practice with my Sai Swords in my spare time. See, Beth and me, complete opposites. Beth looked at both of us as if sizing us up, she seemed slightly satisfied as she climbed the rest of the way in. \"One word and your dead\" Beth said to us threateningly, I scoffed quietly at her. \"Are you Crazy!\" Tom exclaimed in a hushed voice \"If Dad catches you he's gonna kill you\" I leaned against the wall and watched as Beth walked to the other window to look out it Tom following behind her. I rolled my eyes and sneered in disgust as she waved at Ricky, her boyfriend, or the \"Pedo Boyfriend\" as I liked to say, with a lovesick smile, watching as he drove off. \"Dad's not gonna catch me\" Beth said finally, turning back around to face Tom, still looking a little dazed to me or brainwashed, it could be either. \"What do you see in that guy?\" Tom said also with a disgusted expression, I walked over and joined him by his side. Beth's eyes flickered to me, looking at my outfit in distaste before turning her attention back to Tom. \"You mean other than the fact he's good looking, sweet, sensitive, romantic, fanny and ridiculously athletic\" She said all this with a dazed look in her eyes and a \"Duh\" voice. I rolled my eyes again in exasperation. \"Look\" I began \"If you both don't keep it down Your Da-\" I was cut off by Hannah, their younger sister running into the room. \"Dads coming and He's mad\" She stated in a frantic voice at us. \"At who?\" I asked her. She looked at me with big eyes before pointing towars- \"Tom!\" Both she and Mr Pearson's voice said at the same time, Mr Pearson's with more anger. Beth reacted quickly, grabbing Hannah by the arm they hid behind the door. I resisted rolling my eyes at the ridiculously obvious hiding place. I stood there calmly playing with the Sai swords and pulling off some pretty impressive moves as Mr Pearson stomped towards the room He acknowledged me with only a small smile before turning towards Tom with a stern expression. \"What?\" Tom said innocently. \"If your smart enough to hack in the schools website then your smart enough to pass Maths\" Mr Pearson said sternly. Tom sighed in a resigned way while I smirked smugly at him, having told him that he would get caught. At the sight of me smirking he glared angrily right back before focusing back on his Dad was saying. Mr Pearson came back into the bedroom as Bethany and Hannah left turning to me, I tilted my head curiously as he seemed hesitant to talk. \"Abbie, erm, your parents said that they wished for you to go with us tomorrow to the house, they dropped your cloths off here over an hour ago\" He told me softly as I stared back blankly at him, he seemed to understand and smiled sadly at me before going out the door. Tom placed his hand on my shoulder and I turned slowly towards him, he smiled sympathetically at me before pulling me into a hug, I did nothing but stand there emotionlessly. With a last small squeeze and another smile he turned back to his computer, seeming to understand that I needed some space. I twirled the sai swords in my hand for awhile, just concentrating on the moves and the flow. Abruptly I turned around and threw them with a great force towards the dart board, out of the corner of my eye I saw Tom flinch at the loud sound but ignored it. You see, my parents and I don't really have a good relationship, to put it simply they hate me and I hate them. Yeah, it's not that great when you live in a house together, if you can call it that. It's a dump. They waste their time buying alcohol or cigarettes, or going out partying to even be bothered to take care of the house, or even me. My life growing up isn't something that usual teenagers go through; I had to cook my own food from the age of six and up, not a nice experience. I had to fend for my self, work to get money to buy clothes. I started working doing the paper round when I was fourteen; they only accepted me doing it because the owners are fond of me. I also work part time fixing up cars as I have a great knowledge of cars. So no, my life isn't great, but all that has happened so far in my life, has made me more independent. I now know the knowledge of the world and what's out there. Yeah, right! ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() I woke up the next morning on the floor of toms room, we used to share a bed but it got uncomfortable at the age of twelve and his parents know that we wont get up to anything other than sleep to be bothered to separate us. With a sigh I went to the bathroom across the hall and proceeded to get dressed. I put on a black shirt which had \"Rock 'N' Roll\" in the middle written in cursive; it had two flaming guitars in the background and a skull and cross bone at the bottom. I then put on my light blue baggy jeans that had rips in the knees. I grinned to myself slightly as I put on Toms green checkers button up shirt, using it as a jacket and rolling up the sleeves. I looked in the bathroom mirror to see his shirt hanging of me loosely but smiled again as the outfit worked well together. Putting the toilet seat down I sat on it and proceeded to put on my combat boots. I then added the last touch by tying up my hair into a ponytail with a dark green bobble then place a green camouflaged hat onto, pulling my ponytail through the hole at the back. Giving myself a satisfied glance at the mirror I opened the bathroom door to see Bethany standing there with her hand poised to knock. Giving me a once over she rolled her eyes before pushing her way through slamming and locking the door. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() I wriggled uncomfortably between Beth and Tom feeling claustrophobic (ok, a bit dramatic I know) and uncomfortable before giving up trying to make room for myself with a frustrated sigh. Tom looked down at me in amusement at my antics but it quickly changed into one of annoyance as Hannah began to hit him with her teddy without even realizing it. I silently stifled my laughter before having the breath knocked out of me by Beth's elbow. I turned my head towards her in annoyance to see her laugh quietly beside me then went to type a text to \"Ricky\" which made her elbow me again. Getting angry now I elbowed her back causing her to jerk in her seat slightly she whipped around to face me growling slightly before elbowing back, after awhile it turned into a war. Tom, getting tired with being jostled around by us, held my hands behind my back, but let go instantly after I gave him my evil, death glare which I quickly turned on Bethany once released, who returned the glare with one of her own before ignoring me and going back to her mobile. The ride was long, stuffy and uncomfortable and the only thing I had for entertainment was singing inwardly in my head making me miss the family conversations and arguments going off around me until I fell asleep. I only woke up to a strange clicking noise close by, I blearily opened my eyes to see Tom smiling cheekily at me with his mobile in hand taking a picture of me, I instantly glared at him before sighing, to tired to do anything to him and stepped out the car after realizing that we had arrived. I looked around with a stretch and a yawn. \"Abbie, over here honey\" I smiled as Mrs Pearson called for me from behind the car I walked towards her while Tom talked with his Dad. \"Hi, Mrs Pearson, what can I do for ya?\" I asked with a smile. She smiled down at me cheerily before turning back to the boot. \"Well, your stuff is in her so I thought you should take your stuff and find a room before there all picked\" she said handing me my two bags. I smiled taking them from her and thanking her. I was just walking towards the steps when a car came speeding down towards us, just narrowly missing me as it parked up. The doors opened as my worse nightmare by the name of Jake Pearson stepped out. I forgot Tom saying they were staying with them at the house just last week, stuoid, stupid. I felt like banging my head against the wall at the sight of him. He had changed since the last time I saw him, which was 7 months ago at the \"Pearson's family Christmas dinner\". Sure he looked kinda cute with his blond hair all wild and-WHAT THE HELL AM I SAYING! I shook my head clearing those thoughts from my brain disgusted with myself. \"Nice landing Nate\" HE said, the one who was born by the devil himself, I'm sure of it. \"Told ya I could fishtail this thing\" Nate said back smugly at Jake, who grinned. I rolled my eyes at them then watched as Mr Pearson walked away from his car towards them. \"Nice try Nate but you just missed Abbie and my kids by this much\" he exclaimed, holding his thumb and index finger an inch from each other. I smiled at Mr Pearson then turned back to the other car to catch Jake smirking at me to which I retaliated with my death glare. His smirk just widened at that. I turned around and stomped away with my bags towards the door at that gesture. I heard Hannah's excited shout of \"Nana!\" while walking through the doors. I paused at the stairs looking around the place with a small grimace. It was a bit to spacious for my taste. I jumped in the air when a warm hand landed on my shoulder and turned quickly hands poised to fight, only to relax slightly at seeing Jakes smirking face again. I narrowed my eyes in suspicion wondering what he wanted. He let go of my shoulder and leaned against the wall at the side of the stairs. \"Well, well, well\" He began in a mocking tone which caused me to scowl \"if it isn't my old pal Abbie Weatherly, you've changed since the last I saw ya but still as feisty I see\" he said this while looking me up and down slowly and purposely. \"Shut up, Blondie!\" I snapped, scowling even harder \"I see you've still got the IQ of five year old. Guess your never gonna grow up eh?\" I said with a sneer crossing my arms over my chest and leaning opposite him on the same wall. His eyes narrowed slightly at his old nickname which caused me to smirk in satisfaction, before he recovered and leaned in closer to me. \"Watch yourself Weatherly, that mouth of yours will get you in trouble one day\" He sneered back, leaning in closer. His gaze went down to my lips for a second before rising back to my eyes. I frowned as I saw the mischievous glint in them and didn't have time to react as he crushed his lips against mine. I didn't do anything but stand still in shock; eyes wide open as he kissed me. It seemed like hours before he pulled away with a final nip on my plump bottom lip, and I still stood there looking like an owl with my eyes still wide open. He smirked and pulled away before calling the Twins who both rushed in with a suitcase. They both said hi to me as all three of them walked upstairs but I didn't react. It finally sunk in what had just happened as they disappeared and I scowled angrily at myself for letting him get away with it. Oh, I am so gonna get him back, just you wait! A/N: Hi, what do you think so far? It's kind of different to what I'm usually into but I just recently watched this movie and it just needed another character added to it! Please review! :) Maggie xxx ","Summary":" Aliens in the Attic: Rewrite Just the Beginning Pairings: Jake/OC Disclaimer: I do not own the movi"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Fixing a Broken World","Author":"sistokid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6656543","Passage":"[Chapter 1] By the request of several people, and just because I am unconditionally addicted to this pairing, here is another Jake/Tom story. Yes, this is slash. Yes, this is kind of incest. As I said in my previous story, Tom and Jake spend so much time within a foot of each other in the movie, it's hard to believe that other slash fans haven't swarmed this fandom yet. If this disturbs you or isn't your style, go find a nice heterosexual story. Warnings: Only a few bad words, but nothing worse than 'bitch'. Also, some making out, but nothing really graphic. I don't own Aliens in the Attic , although I do apologize to the creators and actors for making ridiculous, incestuous stories based off of the movie. Also: I don't own Wil Wheaton. Or Star Trek: The Next Generation or Toy Soldiers , both of which I highly recommend. (Note: Wesley Crusher is Wil Wheaton's character in Star Trek: The Next Generation , so please don't be confused by that later in the story.) Reviews are enjoyed, but not demanded. But they do let me know that I'm not the only weirdo who enjoys this ridiculous pairing. Although if you do see errors of any sort (plot, spelling, grammar) please let me know. Those things are nightmares. Right. That is all. Something had happened. Tom got a call from Hannah after his last class on Friday. Usually, when she called, the girl wouldn't stop talking about how her day went or about the latest stuffed doll added to her ever-growing collection. But this call was abrupt and choppy and the worst call Tom would ever receive in his life. \"Hannah?\" \"Oh, Tom, thank god-\" \"Hannah, what's wrong?\" Broken half-sobs could be heard from the background, and Tom realized that Bethany was somewhere by his little sister. \"What happened?\" \"Tom, can you come home this weekend? We really need you here.\" \"Wait, what's going on? Is everyone okay?\" \"Tom, please come home, okay?\" \"Hannah-\" \"It's about Jake.\" She had hung up directly after that statement. Tom had stood there, halfway back to his dorm room, completely numb with shock and confusion. Two years ago, just as Tom was applying to top universities across the nation, Jake applied to the military. He had gotten in, of course, and for the first year of training, the blonde was ecstatic. It was the perfect thing for Jake, really; there was violence and guns, but there was also the discipline he had been lacking all throughout his childhood and it was doing the boy well. The last time Jake had come home to visit was the first Christmas after high school graduation, and he had looked vibrant and happy and… good. Tom, who had been having a rough time with finals, had been in a Debbie Downer mood until the blonde burst through the front door, grinning at everyone and squeezing the stuffing out of Tom to 'show off his newly acquired strength'. Tom had later realized, after Jake went out of his way to hang out with him even though the kid was clearly exhausted, the super-strength hug might have been from Jake missing Tom a little, too. And maybe Tom missed Jake a teensy bit, also. They used to hang out every few weekends, and on holidays and summer vacations. Suddenly not seeing Jake due to living at an out-of-state college kind of sucked a little. But here he was, in his second year at a highly regarded Arizona university, and he had managed to make plenty of smart friends and even had a short-term girlfriend last year. He had found a way to be happy without the company of his closest cousin. But… Hannah's phone call changed everything. Within an hour of her hanging up on him, Tom had purchased a plane ticket home for the very next morning, and had packed a bag for the weekend. He had classes Monday afternoon, so he'd have to return Sunday night. But it was almost the end of the Spring semester, and if the situation was serious, he would have no problem skipping a few classes. Or the week, if whatever it was with Jake was really horrible. Tom froze in the middle of updating the songs on his iPod. What if the worst had happened? Almost exactly a year after Jake had entered the Military, he had been deported to Iraq. In theory there wasn't a real war going on there, but everyone in America knew that bombs + deaths + sending in the military = war. What if Jake had gotten hurt? What if he had gotten shot, or bombed, or something equally horrific? What if… he was dead? That last thought made Tom's hands tremble and had him rushing to the bathroom to throw up a little out of pure nervousness and fear. He spent the rest of the night not doing his homework and cuddling his pillow, mind racing with a million different situations of what 'it's about Jake' could mean. He didn't sleep much that night, to say the least. The next morning, Tom sat in a stuffy seat on a tiny plane, only half-listening to his iPod. The airport hadn't been too busy, and thankfully the plane wasn't exceptionally crowded, especially for an early Saturday flight. It was nice to go home, he supposed, except for the undying turmoil and acidic butterfly war going on in his stomach the entire flight. He had tried to distract himself with the Gameboy Art and Lee had given him for his birthday, but there were only so many times he could play as Mario and kill off turtles and Bowzer before he was painfully reminded of Jake, and every time Tom accidently killed Mario, a twist in his gut made him think of Jake coming to the same ending. Without the giant lizard and evil mushrooms and such, of course. When Tom finally arrived home, the first thing he noticed was that Jake's Jeep was not in the driveway, but his Uncle Nate's was. He brushed off any implications and continued to the door, only to be met halfway by his parents and Bethany, who opened the door quickly and had rushed to greet him. At first, he thought that they were all crying, but a second glance and a slight pull back from the group hug made him realize that they seemed fine; in fact, they were ecstatic that he had come home. Before he could ask about anything, they tugged him inside, where Hannah was sitting between Art and Lee, and Nate was on the recliner hogging a large bowl of popcorn. Everyone was watching the news. \"Welcome home, honey,\" his mother greeted warmly, ushering him towards the couch. \"Oh, you haven't been eating well, have you? You're even thinner than before,\" she noted, examining him from head to toe with an unimpressed gaze. \"Probably hasn't had much time to eat, with all of the exams coming up,\" his father pointed out, nodding as if deeming himself correct. Tom took a moment to bat away his mother's concerned hands before he finally was able to say something. \"What happened to Jake?\" It was like everyone had been hit with a Ray of Sadness. Everyone went from bustling and happy to see a family member return, to being gloomy and miserable and knowing something Tom didn't . Tom swallowed harshly before managing any words. \"Please tell me- he didn't- he isn't-\" \"He's not dead,\" Lee spoke up finally. Or was it Art? After not seeing them for over a year, it was hard to tell the difference. \"But there was a bomb, about a week and a half ago,\" the other twin inserted helpfully. \"It hit near his vehicle, but on the opposite side of where he was sitting,\" the first twin continued. \"He…\" Both twins glanced at each other, silently communicating something. After a few moments of silence, Hannah spoke up from between them. \"He lost his arm, Tommy,\" she said quietly, twisting her fingers together. \"All the way up to the shoulder. He had to be sent home, because…\" She took a deep breath. \"Well, it's for obvious reasons,\" his mother inserted briefly. Tom felt himself nod, not really computing anything yet. \"And it was his right arm,\" Hannah continued. \"His gun-holding arm. He'll never be able to hold a gun again, even a pellet gun or airsoft rifle, and he's taking it really hard.\" That took a moment to sink in. Jake wasn't dead. Jake didn't have his arm anymore. Jake couldn't use a gun- any gun, including his beloved paintball gun- ever again. He had been so happy in the military, like he had found his dream job. And now… it was swept out from under his feet. But he was alive. Tom let out a breath he had been holding for far too long. \"So… where is he?\" \"The local hospital, getting his stitches checked out and getting re-bandaged. I'm picking him up later,\" Uncle Nate spoke up, looking like he was putting up a strong front. \"Alone,\" he added before Tom could ask to join. \"I need to talk to him before he gets here.\" For the first time in… well, ever , Tom's uncle appeared relatively mature. Tom almost peed himself when he heard his uncle's car return that night from the hospital. His entire body was shaking, and the only thing he could think was that Jake was alive . After an entire night and day of worrying and just wishing his cousin was in arm's reach, he was home and he was alive. Tom raced downstairs, stumbling over the last few steps and stubbing his toes painfully. But he took no notice as the front door opened and- It wasn't Jake. It couldn't be Jake. The Jake he knew was strong and confident and… not like this. The boy in the doorway was hunched over, and had his remaining arm wrapped self-consciously around his chest. The spot where he should have had a right shoulder was covered in bandages and gauze. There were some bruises splattered across his pale skin, and he had a black eye that looked to be already healing. He was muscular, but looked unhealthy, like he hadn't had a good meal- or any food, really- in a few days. \"Oh, Tom, good. Here, take Jake's bags, would you?\" Uncle Nate appeared in the doorway beside the pale boy, and began thrusting large, high-quality duffle bags into Tom's arms. But the brunette let them fall to the floor with a squishy thump and took a cautious step towards the boy who had been one of his best friends since they were born. Uncle Nate opened his mouth to say something about the bags again, but glanced between the two boys and shut his mouth, picking the bags up himself and sliding past Tom. He walked further into the house, shooing away the rest of the family, nodding wordlessly to the two boys and giving them all a knowing eye. Tom was still frozen, staring at the strange person before him, when he heard a gruff voice. \"Say something,\" the pale boy growled, tightening his grip around himself. Tom nearly cried at that. Jake was the last person to look this pitiful and broken, and yet here he was, and it was heartbreaking. Finally able to move his limbs again, Tom stepped forward and wrapped his arms around the poor boy in a hug, carefully avoiding the bandaged area, and wrapping his own arms tighter around the boy than his own, solitary arm gripped himself. Jake didn't move or say anything for a few moments, and Tom braced himself for the worst, fully expecting to be shoved away and yelled at. Big, tough military guys didn't need pity hugs from nerdy relatives, right? But after another minute, Jake broke down. Tom felt him sink in his arms, and Jake's left arm circled around the brunette and clutched at his back frantically. Tom could both feel and hear the shattered sobs on his shoulder, and he held his cousin closer as the reality of how close he was to losing him made itself clearer. \"You almost died,\" Tom blurted out, beginning to cry, too. \"I mean- I didn't mean to-\" \"It was the perfect life for me,\" Jake muttered, still letting the tears flow freely, \"and it's over. I have nothing left.\" \"You do,\" Tom began, but couldn't think of anything to cheer Jake up with. So instead, he let the blonde cry for another few minutes, and then gently pulled back. Jake immediately receded into himself again, letting his head drop down and covering himself protectively with his arm. But Tom grabbed his forearm and tugged him towards the stairs, leading the other boy to his room. They were lying on Tom's bed. Tom was facing Jake, trying desperately to think of something- anything - to say. Jake was facing away from the other boy, curled into the fetal position and silently shaking with tears. Finally, Tom gave up on searching for comfort words and began just talking. \"I hate college,\" he began awkwardly. Jake froze at the sudden words, but stayed silent. \"I mean, it's okay, but it's not as great as everyone makes it out to be.\" Tom tilted his head a little, considering that. \"Well, maybe some colleges are. But the one I go to is really prestigious and stuff, so I guess it's not supposed to be fun. I heard that there's this one college in West Virginia that's a total party college. There aren't even real grades. But you can't graduate until you get laid,\" he added, and Jake actually snorted at that. Slowly, he rolled over to his back, looking at the brunette's shirt. He still wouldn't make eye contact. Tom waited, expecting him to say something. But he didn't, and Tom took that as an initiative to continue. \"Girls aren't that nice at my school, either. Well, some are, but every single one of them is solely concerned with grades, you know? I had a girlfriend for a little last year-\" Jake frowned a little and started rotating away from him again. \"But we broke up,\" he added, internally smiling and feeling confused as Jake paused and tilted slightly towards him. \"She was kind of a bitch, anyway. At one of our bigger football games, she got to the loudspeaker thing, and told everyone in the stadium that I was gay and available. Now girls refuse to date me and guys won't stop hitting on me.\" Instead of the teasing remark- or at least a teensy smile- he had expected to receive, Jake just stared at him. \"Are you?\" \"What?\" Tom asked, glad that Jake was talking again. \"Gay.\" And then again, not so glad. The brunette mentally punched himself in the eye. Why couldn't he tell some other story from his life? It had to be that one, didn't it? \"No. Not really. Kind of. A little,\" Tom decided, holding up his thumb and index finger a half-inch apart to indicate how gay he was. \"I don't really like guys, because I like girls, but there's been… one or two who have caught my eye. Um. Anyway. I had a tomato sandwich for breakfast yesterday, and it was really good.\" This time, it was Tom's turn to wiggle away from his cousin, and he missed the slightly hurt look that flashed across Jake's face for a split second as he put distance between them. But when Tom finally looked back up, he saw the frosty mask on his cousin's face, and didn't really think twice about it. \"Anyway,\" he carried on awkwardly, \"I know this is the last thing you want to hear but we're going to need to talk about you. Well, you need to talk about you, and I thought… maybe you'd want to talk with me about you. Or if you don't you can talk to your dad, or Bethany- she likes to talk about things, too…\" Tom trailed off, almost closing his eyes at how stupid he sounded. Jake, predictably, rolled away from him again and once more curled into a ball on his side. Tom sighed, trying, for the sake of his cousin, to hold back more tears, but this whole thing was just tearing him apart. \"I can get Bethany-\" \"My squad was just leaving after checking out a false report on a car bomb,\" Jake began suddenly, and Tom shut himself up and scooted closer on the bed. \"We were planning on going back to base and maybe breaking out some beer that Elliot's fiancée had sent him. He was my closest friend there, Elliot. Mark was there too, and god damn was he a paranoid guy. I don't understand how he ever made it to Iraq, being that afraid of everything. But he kept saying how we shouldn't relax, we shouldn't celebrate, because we were totally still going to die before we could ever go back to the States. Tony was driving- that was our Commanding Officer- and Mark was having another freak-out in the passenger's seat. I was behind Tony, and Elliot-\" he broke off slightly, choking back a sob, \"He was next to me. He had just told Mark to shut up, that we'd make it home fine, when the bomb…\" He paused, shuddering and trembling, taking a moment to continue. \"I was poking at Mark with… with my right hand, to mess with him, you know? And then- it hit in front of the vehicle, on the right side, nearly ten feet away. Mark was dead instantly, and I think Tony was, too. Elliot didn't… he didn't have to die- he wouldn't have died- but after the front of the Jeep blew up, a piece of the hood blasted off and hit him and-\" He jumped up suddenly, slapping his left hand over his mouth and raced to the bathroom connected to Tom's bedroom. It took the brunette a second to realize what his cousin was doing, but a second later he heard him gagging, and then came the stomach-turning splashes of vomit hitting the toilet water. Tom stood and bravely strolled into the bathroom, kneeling down beside his cousin, who was hunched over the toilet like it was keeping him alive. He rubbed the poor blonde's back, hand brushing occasionally over the edge of a bandage and reaching up to stroke the buzzed blonde hair. Jake looked good with a buzz-cut, Tom had always thought. The enforced haircut had taken place two years ago, right before he entered training. The first time Tom had seen it was the following Christmas, and it had been a nice surprise. Jake looked older, for one thing, and now he didn't look like some teenage California surfer. Plus, his big blue eyes were more visible with this cut, and even Tom would admit that Jake's eyes were… well, nice, to put it simply. After another moment of coughing up nothing, Jake finally sat back, and Tom's hand accidently ran over the patched-up area where his arm should sprout. The two froze. \"I-I…\" Tom began, but he couldn't think of anything else to say. Jake sat there for another moment, looking lost, until he finally pushed himself up with his other arm, flushing the toilet and then walking to the sink and bending over to rinse his mouth out. After swishing the icky taste out and taking a few generous gulps of water, Jake stood up and looked down at Tom, who was still sitting on the floor, looking unsure of what to say or do. \"Wanna see my stitches?\" Jake asked suddenly, and Tom smiled a little at how much he sounded like a little kid just then. The brunette nodded and stood, taking the offered left hand and letting Jake help him up. They walked back to the bed, both sitting on the edge this time. Tom sat on Jake's right side, watching as the blonde peeled back his bandaging expertly. Jake peeked up at him one last time before removing the final padding, quickly turning away and shutting his eyes. It took Tom a second to realize that Jake was ashamed, and waiting for Tom's disgusted reaction. But it wasn't disgusting. To Tom, at least. There was a singular line of stitches that reached from the edge of his back to the very beginning of his upper chest, and it was sewn shut with coarse black thread. The skin itself was only slightly puffed, and looked to be on its way to healing already. Hesitantly, Tom lifted his hand and gently traced the stitching, and what would eventually become a scar. Where his shoulder should have been, the skin caved in. But it didn't scare or gross out Tom at all, and he continued running his fingers curiously over where an arm used to reside. He looked up after a moment to find Jake staring at him. \"Oh. Um. Sorry,\" he quickly amended, pulling his hand back and shoving it under his thigh in punishment. \"No, it's- it's fine,\" Jake stuttered out quietly. \"No one… no one just sat there and touched it… like it was the most interesting thing ever…\" he murmured. Tom flushed a little, not sure if this was something to be proud of or embarrassed of. \"Sorry.\" \"I said it's fine,\" Jake said, louder than before. He tilted his head. \"I had a… a… I mean, there was someone who I was seeing over in Iraq. This person… they were at our base. And when they saw me for the first time after the bomb…\" He trailed off, a few tears trickling down from his eyes. But he held eye contact with Tom throughout the next part. \"He threw up as soon as he saw it, and then broke up with me.\" It took a full two minutes for the entire sentence to click in for Tom. At first he nodded sympathetically, but then realized that he must've missed something when Jake stared at him, waiting for a different reaction. After running the words through his head again, Tom realized that Jake had been in a relationship, and he hadn't known. Well, he wasn't going to be angry; after all, he had been with a girl last year and hadn't told anyone , even his parents. A full minute later, the first part, the very first word , had finally sunk in. \"He?\" It was a simple question, with no accusation or distaste. And then, \"Wait, he ?\" There was the accusation. \"Yeah.\" \"You're… you like…\" Tom sputtered, not able to wrap his mind around the fact that his manly, gun-loving, violent cousin had been with another guy. \"Yeah, I like guys. This much,\" Jake added, intending to tease Tom for giving a measurement of gayness earlier. But Tom stared in confusion when Jake made no gesture to measure out how much he liked guys. Jake stared back, then realization kicked in and he cursed. \"I keep forgetting,\" he muttered, and held up his left hand, showing a good three or four inches of space between his thumb and index finger. He dropped it within seconds. \"Oh. That's. Um. Cool.\" \"I wake up every day forgetting that it's gone,\" Jake said suddenly, sounding oddly empty. \"I keep going to do things that I did with my right hand. And it just… I just take an hour every morning to remember how to not have it.\" He paused, and then shriveled in on himself, looking ready to cry again. \"I have nothing to do with my life. I have nowhere to go. I don't want to live with Nate, or my mom. I don't want to be babied. I just want to be okay again.\" He began shaking again, biting his lower lip as tears began, once more, streaming down his face. \"Shhh, don't- don't cry, Jake,\" Tom soothed (or attempted to, at any rate). He wrapped an arm around his cousin, hugging him sideways for a moment, before pulling back a bit. \"How about we go to sleep? It's not that late, but… it's been a long day. Or week, in your case.\" \"I don't want to have to go back downstairs for my stuff or the couch,\" Jake sobbed. \"I'll have to face everyone else and… I can't right now.\" Tom stood suddenly, going to his dresser and tugging out two pairs of pajama pants and oversized T-shirts. \"Here. You can borrow my clothes. Just sleep here with me tonight, okay? You don't have to go downstairs until you're ready.\" Jake took the clothes, staring down at them and thinking. Finally, he looked up and almost half-smiled a little. \"Thanks, Tommy,\" he whispered, heaving himself to stand and slipping into the bathroom. Tom changed himself while Jake was in the bathroom. Ten minutes later, Jake still hadn't emerged. Tom hesitated, but walked over and knocked lightly on the door. \"Jake?\" \"I can't… I can't get the pants…\" Tom froze. A mental image of Jake wearing just Tom's shirt and holding the pants in his only hand flashed through his head, and sent a torrent of butterflies to his stomach that Tom would never admit to experiencing or liking in the least bit. \"Do you… want help?\" There was a pause, but the door opened a second later, and Jake stood there. Tom let out a sigh of what he would label as relief (but may have been out of a teensy tiny bit of disappointment) when he saw that Jake had on boxers under the shirt. Tom was not gay for his cousin. But he was slightly curious as to how other boys looked. Right. Although he had crushes on several guys and gotten more than a little excited at his (ex) girlfriend's Playgirl magazine (which he totally did not steal and have hidden in his dorm room dresser), he had never been with another boy. Although there had been plenty of offers since his ex-girlfriend pulled that stunt at the football game. But back to the present. \"Okay, here, give me the pants,\" Tom said, running on autopilot in order to not think about things as he grabbed the pajamas and knelt down by Jake's feet, holding the pants open for him to step into. \"God, it's like I'm five again,\" Jake muttered, making sure to push the correct foot through the appropriate hole. Once both legs had gotten safely into the pants, Tom carefully dragged them up as he stood, and awkwardly wiggled them over Jake's hips with the help of the blonde's hand. There was a sticky moment when Tom was clutching the waistband of the pants at Jake's waist, and Jake had his hand on Tom's shoulder to steady himself, and God when had they gotten only a few inches apart? Tom broke the awkwardness by unnecessarily clearing his throat and letting go of Jake's pants. Jake, in return, released his grip on Tom's shoulder, and after a moment of nervous fidgeting, they made their way to the bed. \"Are you sure this is okay?\" Jake's voice was small and unsure, and it made any traces of awkward disappear. Tom smiled and nodded, throwing back the thick blanket and sliding in one half of the bed, waiting for Jake to do the same on the other side. The blonde did slowly, staring at the bed as if it were a thing of beauty. \"I haven't slept in a real bed since… last time I was home,\" he said in awe, flopping like a small child onto the pillow and tugging the blanket up to his chin. \"You know you can talk to me about anything, right?\" Tom asked suddenly, as if the thought had just occurred to him. It's not that he was looking for any particular confession. He just felt like it needed to be said. Jake stared up at him for a second, and Tom found it very difficult not to look back at the big blue eyes. \"Yeah,\" Jake finally replied, curling further into the bed. Tom kept staring at him, waiting for something, anything, really, to be said. Jake sighed, rolling on his back and gazing unseeingly at the ceiling. \"Sorry, I didn't-\" \"The guy I was with- Jamie was his name… when we finished our three years, we were going to come back to the U.S. and live together in a tiny apartment somewhere south.\" The sudden topic swing caught Tom off guard. He nodded and inched closer, trying to show he was listening without interrupting. \"We had it all planned out. We'd get a dog, and name it Joey after the character in Toy Soldiers . Wil Wheaton is his favorite actor. And we were going to take it slow, you know? Do whatever we wanted, and not make it a real relationship until we were both ready. Well… until he was ready. I should've known it wouldn't last when he wouldn't even call himself my boyfriend. One time, just to spite him, I told him all about you, and how we'd known each other since we were little. I didn't tell him we were cousins. It worked, though, and he was so jealous that he promised we'd grow old together and get buried next to each other and have our adopted children plant cactuses on our graves instead of flowers…\" he let out a choked laugh. Tom listened patiently, although the thought of how this Jamie guy had up and ditched Jake in his time of need… it made his stomach churn unpleasantly. And maybe he was a little bit jealous that Jake had found someone to live out the rest of his life with. And… then he was hit with a tiny wave of excitement as he realized that Jake had told Jamie all about him, and apparently he had said enough to get the other guy jealous. \"Now all that's gone. I don't know what to do with my life. I won't find someone who'll like me even… like this ,\" he flipped a bit of the blanket down and gestured to his lack of arm. \"I can't get a dog and name it Joey because I don't have an apartment to keep it in. I'm not growing old with someone, and I can't adopt kids because I'm a discharged war veteran who's missing an arm and no one will plant cactuses on my grave or be buried next to me. I wouldn't do well in college because I can't write and take notes and I can't type with one hand. I don't even have anything that I'd want to be, because I had what I wanted. But I lost it. I lost it all . And now I don't know what to do.\" He dug his nails into his chest, probably causing little curved dents in his skin under the pajama shirt. But Tom totally wasn't thinking about the skin under Jake's shirt. He gripped Jake's wrist loosely but firmly, and tugged the clawing hand away. \"Listen to me, Jake. You will make a new life for yourself, okay?\" Jake squeezed his eyes shut and showed no sign of agreement. Tom made a quick and not really thought out decision. \"You can come with me,\" he began. Jake opened his eyes slightly, peering at the brunette in confusion. \"I have a single dorm room at my campus. We could fit another bed in it, though.\" \"Tom, that's nice of you, but it's not like I'm homeless. That's not what I meant. I'll probably live with my dad. But I just mean… I don't know what to do with the rest of my life. I think it sucks the most that I had a person who I thought I was perfect with, and we had plans for every year for the rest of our lives, and it's all gone.\" There was a thick silence before Tom spoke up again. \"So spend it with me.\" Jake gaped at him. \"Until you figure stuff out,\" Tom added, although he wasn't completely sure if that made things any less mushy sounding. \"I was going to get an apartment next year anyway. Get one with me. We can get an apartment in Arizona, where I go to school. That's somewhere south, right? Just like you planned. We can get a dog, too- although I prefer Wil Wheaton's character in Star Trek: The Next Generation . Wesley is kind of a dumb name, but how about Crusher? And I don't know about adopting kids with you, because I'm not sure if that's even legal, but if you don't find someone else, I don't mind being buried next to you. Or, if you die first, I'll plant a desert-sized cactus right over your grave, so that it looks like you were a crabby old man who hated people. I'll even put poison ivy all over your headstone.\" Tom found that he was out of words. He had babbled, and hoped to God that he hadn't said anything overly stupid or messed up or… well, gay. He focused his eyes back on Jake, taking a minute to realize what emotions the blonde was exerting. Jake was crying. Tom bit his lip and went to apologize, immediately feeling like someone had punched his intestines. But then Jake uncovered his mouth and let out a different sound, and Tom realized he was laughing . He was so hysterical that he was crying, but it was the good kind of crying. Well, that or Jake had absolutely lost his mind. \"Jake?\" \"I love you.\" \"What?\" Tom was sure he looked taken aback, but he hadn't been prepared for a statement like that at all. Jake grinned and shook his head. \"I mean, I missed you. I forgot how your retarded babbling makes me feel better,\" he said, still choking back laughs. He gasped for air, finally calming down. But he still had a smile tweaking up his lips, and Tom grinned back. \"You're welcome? I think…\" \"Yeah,\" Jake agreed, shifting a few inches closer. Tom reached behind him and shut off the bedside lamp, leaving them in almost complete darkness. The slight moonlight from the one window in Tom's room let him see the outline and vague features on the other boy's face, and the blue of Jake's irises seemed to glow slightly. He realized, without much shock and no protest, that they were only about five inches from each other. \"I was serious,\" the brunette said quietly. Jake didn't have to comment for Tom to know he needed clarification. \"About living with me. Even this year… we'll just bring another mattress to the dorm room. My mattress there is only a twin size, or else I'd say we could share. I mean, we technically could , but… I mean… we'd have to…\" He didn't really want to use the word cuddle, or the word spoon, but there weren't very many other words that were equally correct. Jake eyed him, still looking a little unsure. \"What if you start bringing a girl back to the room?\" he whispered. Tom frowned a little. \"I probably won't. It's a small school, and like I said earlier, most of the girls there either are only concerned with grades, or are under the impression that I think girl-parts are disgusting.\" He silently watched Jake think it over. \"What… what if you bring a guy?\" The question was quieter that the previous one, and Tom could see the lack of confidence behind this one. Tom sighed. This was the big one. He wasn't stupid. Tom was well aware that the relationship he and Jake had wasn't as heterosexual as it probably should be. Ever since they were young, they were close, both emotionally and physically. It was second nature to sit next to Jake, just like it was second nature for Jake to give Tom a non-manly, squishy, squeezing bear hug every time they saw each other. So they both liked boys. A little. And they were close to each other, and right now Tom was all Jake had. That didn't have to mean anything. But Tom kind of wanted it to. And Jake seemed to, also. They could pull it off. Their parents wouldn't even question the two getting an apartment together, or living together for years. And if this whole deal lasted for decades (like Tom knew it would, if given the chance) then they could tell the family at their leisure. So… there was nothing stopping him. He tried to think of a clever line to say, something absolutely awesome to really reel Jake in. But he couldn't because it was late, and it had been a really long day, and Tom was kind of socially awkward anyway. So he said the first thing that came to him. \"I won't if you don't.\" But it seemed like that was good enough, because Jake stared for a moment, and then broke out into one of his lovely smiles, and Tom found himself pulled into a one-armed hug. He smiled into Jake's existent shoulder and wrapped both arms around the blonde, tugging him closer until they were completely pressed together. A few moments after the hug should've expired but didn't, Tom felt Jake pull his face back a little, and Tom did the same in order to see the blonde. Or, well, kind of see the blonde in what little light there was. But he was still very nice looking, even with only a cupful of moonlight shining on select parts of his face. Tom realized why Jake had pulled back a second later. The boy was looking at him like that . He had been looked at like that by the girl he had dated last year, right at the end of their first date. And, more recently, he had received that look from the better half of the football team and the other scarce gay guys on campus. It was the 'I-want-to-kiss-you-but-you-gotta-move-first-because-if-I-do-it-I'm-afraid-you'll-reject-me' look. Tom gazed at Jake's face for a few more moments, taking in the way the blonde was glancing from Tom's eyes to his lips, and simultaneously nibbling nervously on his own lip. After double and then triple-checking to make sure he didn't mistake the look for some other look that had nothing to do with wanting to kiss, Tom took a deep breath and went in for the kill. He only made it in about two inches before Jake sighed in relief and met him the rest of the way. And Holy Mother of God, it was awesome. Tom decided that he liked kissing Jake a whole lot more than he liked kissing the girl from last year, or any random person from the few parties he had been to. Especially since Jake kissed like how he used to be before the bomb. He was confident and excited and just… god, there weren't even words for it. Tom nearly melted right into the sheets when Jake's tongue entered the picture, and soon enough, he found himself on his back, pinned to the mattress by a one-armed dominant blonde boy, who had shoved one knee between Tom's legs, and had most of his weight on his one arm that was bent and had the hand playing with Tom's hair. Tom had both of his arms clutching around Jake's neck, pressing him as close as possible, because the buzzing in his stomach and chest and brain was oh-so-nice and who cared if someone walked in right now, because this was the greatest thing ever , pretty much. And after what Tom could swear was only ten minutes but turned out to be around an hour, Jake finally pulled away, with one final, slightly wet mouth-to-mouth press, he smiled shyly and collapsed next to him, wincing slightly when he landed a little on his stitches, but recovering quickly and curling up to the brunette. Tom let Jake guide him, and ended up being turned on his side, away from the blonde, and pulled flush against the other boy, so that they were spooning tightly. Jake wrapped his arm around Tom's chest and pulled him even closer, although there wasn't actually any space to be closed between them. Tom ran his hand down Jake's arm and entwined his fingers with the five Jake had left. Without any more words, the two began to fall into a peaceful sleep, not even caring that the door wasn't locked or that they should probably be having A Talk about all of this. Jake pressed one last kiss to Tom's ear, and the brunette could swear he mouthed thank you into his hair, but maybe he imagined it. He shut his eyes, letting drowsiness overtake him, and seconds later they were both headed for dreamland. Not-Quite-An-Epilogue (AKA Two Years Later) \"Yeah, mom, I got your care package,\" Tom said into the phone, pinning the device between his ear and shoulder as he used both hands to dig through the freshly received box. \"I'm looking through it right now. Oreos… oh, Pringles, those things are good… toothbrushes… what- why are there tampons in here?\" \"Well, incase you have any girls over. Trust me, it's better to just keep a box there than have a poor girl making a mess all over your furniture.\" \"I don't even have a girlfriend.\" \"Keep them in stock for your friends, then. I promise, honey, it's a nightmare when a girl gets her monthly at a boy's place and has nothing. Just keep them in the cabinet under your bathroom sink.\" \"Okay, mom,\" Tom agreed, simply for the sake of agreeing. He pushed the feminine package aside and continued picking through the treats. \"There's so much food in here… I can't eat all of this by myself. Not before I come visit you guys, anyway.\" \"Oh, but… it's just you? I thought…\" \"Mom,\" Tom sighed, sitting on the kitchen counter and using one hand to pop open the Pringles can. \"You know that Jake's still at his Honored Veteran of War ceremony. He won't be home for another week.\" He tried not to think about how much he missed the blonde. The ceremony was over in Virginia, halfway across the country. He had already been gone for a week, and although the actual ceremony itself was only two days and had already ended, the other twelve days were spent doing activities and going for beer with his war buddies. Tom had nearly cuddled the stuffed tiger Jake had given him to death every night, trying not to cry like some fifteen-year-old girl. \"Right, I knew that,\" his mother remembered suddenly. She paused, and Tom could feel her getting ready to say something motherly. \"It's only another week, honey,\" she reminded, and Tom stopped mid-Pringle grabbing. She said it like she knew something. Like she knew he was missing the blonde. \"I know, mom. It's fine. Hey, I gotta go, okay? Crusher has to pee and I gotta walk him.\" He waited for the regulated goodbye from his mother before hanging up, stuffing two more Pringles into his mouth, and searching the kitchen for the leash. Finally finding it hidden in a pot, he strapped it to the German Sheppard's collar and made for the front door. Three hours later, Tom and Crusher finally returned to the apartment. Crusher bounded right inside, gulping heartily from his water bowl. Tom sighed and sat on the couch, grabbing the remote control but not actually turning the television on. Crusher followed him, still dripping some water from his large mouth, sitting right in front of him and looking at him expectantly. \"I hate this, Crush.\" Tom watched the dog tilt his head, as if he was asking what it was Tom hated. \"I hate being this stupidly girly. I miss him and I can't sleep well without him. I don't want to wait another week to see him.\" He sighed and grabbed a throw pillow, hugging it to his chest and trying not to sound so much like a dramatic little bitch. \"Then don't,\" a voice said from behind him, scaring the hell out of Tom and making him whirl around and hurl the closest object- being the pillow- at the intruder. It hit Jake smack in the face. He may have gotten used to only having one arm, but he still didn't have amazing reactions with it, and the hand that shot out to stop the pillow only caught air. It took a moment for Tom to realize who was standing in the middle of his apartment before he hurdled over the couch and more or less pounced on the blonde, nearly sending them to the ground. Jake grasped the brunette by the waist, smiling into his shoulder. Then reality sank in and Tom pulled back, staring at Jake incredulously. \"Why are you here?\" \"Gee, thanks, I missed you, too.\" \"You know what I mean. You're not supposed to be back until-\" \"I lied.\" That wasn't exactly the response Tom had anticipated. He stared at the blonde, before taking two steps back and crossing his arms. \"What? Why the hell would you do that?\" Then the full impact of what Jake had done, knowing what it would do to Tom, hit him. \"Why would you do that! What is wrong with you? Do you think it's funny how I sit here and bitch and moan like a little girl about how you're not here? You sick, twisted son of a-\" \"It's not like that!\" Jake cut in, grabbing Tom's shoulder firmly. The brunette stopped ranting, still glaring at the other boy. \"I wanted you to think that I wouldn't be home for a week so that I could see if you missed me…\" He grinned at the flat look Tom gave him, but the smile disappeared in a second and he took a deep breath. \"And… to surprise you.\" Tom raised an eyebrow, completely confused, until… Jake lowered himself to one knee. And pulled out a small, dark blue velvet box. And ohmygodohmygodohmygod Tom's jaw dropped in a second, arms falling to his sides. Jake's grinned returned a little bit, but it was shaky. \"Um… but you're gonna have to help me… I can't-\" he lifted the box, and Tom, somehow, managed to gain enough control of his arms and legs to move himself forward and lift the lid of the box, which Jake couldn't do with just one hand. Inside was Jake's military ring. It was thick and silver and beautiful, and Tom noticed that it now had a light blue diamond set into the center of it- the exact shade of blue that Jake's eyes were. \"Jake…\" \"Tom, we've been together for two years, and so far everything you said we could end up doing has happened. We have the apartment, we have a dog named Crusher, and we even have a little cactus growing for when one of us dies,\" he added, nodding to the small plotted plant on the kitchen table, right next to Tom's care package. \"You're graduating soon and I'm starting my job as a trainer at the nearest military base in two months. We have everything…\" he broke off, glancing off to the side nervously. \"And I know we can't actually ever get married, but legal document or not I want to be with you for the rest of forever… and I don't need some stupid paper to say that you're mine. But I want you to wear this, to always have this, to show that you belong to me. If you want. Please say something. I'm two seconds away from hyperventilating.\" Tom finally snapped out of his dumbfounded stare, and took another second to realize what it was he was supposed to say. Not able to remember the exact words and not daring to screw it up, he nodded softly, still unable to move much. But clearly it was enough, because the next thing he knew, Jake had jumped up and was hugging him tightly and kissing him and Crusher was at their sides, using his pointy snout to try and wedge between them, and it was possibly the most perfect moment in his life ever. ","Summary":" By the request of several people, and just because I am unconditionally addicted to this pairing, h"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Strawberry Cake","Author":"sistokid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6813439","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's obnoxious, how addicted I am to this pairing. You'd think that, with all of the over-slashed fandoms out there, I'd pick one less... incestuous to become obsessed with. Here is yet another Tom/Jake story, because I can't stop. Disclaimer: I don't own Aliens in the Attic or the characters. Also, I am dearly sorry if any of the actors ever come across any of my AITA fics . I swear, I'm sane in real life, and I'm not (that) obsessed with gaying up everything. Also: There's gay in here. And incest. I'm sorry. Like it or leave. My Defense: This pairing is just so... there that I feel justified in making them gay. Reviews are enjoyed, but my ridiculous pride won't allow me to beg for them. Flames are mocked and urinated on. *WARNING: THIS IS SLIGHTLY AU. I KNOW THEY DON'T GO TO THE SAME SCHOOL, BUT COME ON . YOU CAN TOTALLY PICTURE THEM SITTING LIKE FOUR CLASSROOMS AWAY AND TEXTING EACH OTHER EVERY TEN SECONDS, YEAH? YEAH.* Also, let me know if there are errors. I'm tired and just can't make myself read through it again, so there is a chance there'll be mistakes. A small chance, but one nonetheless. Okay then. Tom was about ten seconds away from stabbing his eyes out with his sparkly blue mechanical pencil. He had already been in his stupid class for two hours and he still had another hour and a half to go. And this class… it really couldn't get any more boring. His teacher was ancient, to the point that the class kept tensing when he paused because he looked an inch from keeling over. The topic was even worse. Well, at least to Tom. Cognitive Science had sounded like such an interesting class, and Tom was intrigued by the mind and how it worked. But this? This was ridiculous. And he couldn't fall asleep, because the last time a student passed out for a moment in the class, the teacher had traded his rightly earned A for a sorrowful D. So Tom sat there, trying so hard to keep his eyes pried open and not even bothering to take notes anymore. The teacher never stayed on one power point slide long enough for anyone to jot down the contents, anyway. He felt his phone vibrate in his front pocket ten seconds later, and, keeping an eye on the teacher, tugged it out and pressed a few buttons. He had received a text message from Jake, who was currently in a classroom six doors down from Tom. how iz ur brain class? Tom rolled his eyes. Jake had chosen, for his senior year, to take all easy courses that required no textbook and didn't issue homework. Right now he should've been in cooking, although usually he was too absorbed in making surprisingly good food to text. Tom sent a typical reply announcing how utterly boring his class was, hiding his phone under the desk. If his teacher thought it was weird that he was staring down at his crotch, the man didn't say anything. His phone buzzed again, and he immediately hit a button so the message popped up. Iss kewl, man. I'll make u a strawberry cake okay That was the best part of Jake taking cooking classes; Tom got half of his creations. Or, in some cases, he got the entire thing. And Jake was a pretty good cook, so it was usually worth suffering through a boring class. Before he could text back a thank you, his phone vibrated again. I want something in return tho. Tom rolled his eyes. Usually Jake didn't ask for repayment, but when he did, it was something stupid and unnecessary and the sole purpose was to make Tom do something pointless. He glanced down at the rest of the message. Can u go on IM? Tom glanced up at his teacher, but unsurprisingly, the crickety old man was still droning on about the formulas used for thinking out logic problems. Tom smirked and logged onto his instant messenger account. Because his uncle Nate and his dad had decided to use the same phone plan, both Jake and Tom had received Blackberry's and could use the built in instant messenger. It was faster and less annoying than text messages, anyway. Jake: Heloooo Thomas: Why aren't you cooking or something? Jake: Waitin 4 the cake 2 finish baking Thomas: Oh. He frowned. The only problem with IM-ing was that it caused way more awkward pauses then texting. And he ran out of things to say ten times faster, and half the time he felt like he really had nothing to say to his cousin. Jake this girl won't stop staring at m Jake: *me Thomas: isn't that a good thing? Jake: shiiiii she's coming over Jake: she's weird I don't like her Thomas: ooooh jake's got a girlfriend Thomas: …. Thomas: I'm kidding jake Thomas: jake Thomas: … Thomas: fine ignore me Tom logged off after five minutes of typing at a non-responsive Jake. A full six minutes later, his phone vibrated with a text from his cousin Go back on stupid Thomas: What Jake: why'd you log off Thomas: you stopped responding Jake: god that girl Thomas: did she ask u out? Jake: No worse Jake: She asked for my cake Thomas: :-/ Thomas: whad you say Thomas: *what'd Jake: I said no Jake: she wouldn't leave me alone Jake: … I kind of told her its for someone Jake: and she kind of took it the wrong way Thomas: … she thinks you have a girlfriend now? Isn't that good tho? She'll leave you alone Jake: um… I might have said it's for a boy Thomas: so? Thomas: oh Thomas: AHAHAHA she thinks your gay Jake: shut up! I didn't mean to it just slipped Thomas: what did you say exactly Jake: she asked why she couldn't have it Jake: and I said… Jake: um Tommy plz don't get mad Jake: she asked who it was for Jake: and I said that everything I make is for Tom Jake: and she's like oh who's Tom your boyfriend Jake: and I guess I didn't answer her right or something Jake: so now my entire cooking class thinks I'm dating a guy named Tom Tom stared at his phone screen, having to reread the messages twice just to comprehend them. When he realized exactly what Jake had done, he bit his lip hard enough to make it bleed. Gossip traveled faster than light in his school. It was a split high school, where grades nine and ten took place in a completely different building at a completely different address. The only students in his school were in either eleventh or twelfth grade, which tallied up to just one hundred and sixteen kids. The reason for the split was to 'stop' bullying, because too many seniors were pulling vicious pranks on poor little freshmen. Unfortunately, the smaller population meant that everybody knew everybody's business, and that when a rumor started, it not only spread like wildfire but it stayed around for ages. Jake: … Jake: tommy please talk to me Jake: it's not that bad… not like they know it's you Jake: tom Tom actually growled then, and a few students near him glanced his way curiously. But he didn't even notice because he was currently jabbing out a message entirely set in caps lock. Thomas: I AM THE ONLY STUDENT NAMED TOM IN THIS SCHOOL YOU MORON Thomas: NOW EVERYONE IS NOT ONLY GOING TO THINK I'M GAY, BUT THAT I'M DATING MY IDIOT COUSIN Jake: oh Jake: shit Jake: okay okay we can fix this Jake: right? Jake: right? Jake: … Jake: u kno, they might not even think its you Jake: they probably think it's some other Tom Jake: like from another school Jake: cuz that'd make more sense anyway right Jake: … Jake: o wait nvm they think it's you Tom shut his phone off and shoved it into the deepest corner of the deepest pocket of his messenger bag. \"Oh- hey Tom! Tom, wait up,\" Jake called out, instantly noticing his cousin in the hallway after the last class and running up to him. Tom glanced back and, upon seeing who it was, whipped around and began stomping away. Jake sprinted after him, catching up easily and grabbing him by the arm. \"Tom, just talk to me, man.\" \"Get off! And no, I will not talk to you!\" He tried to tug his arm away, but Jake gripped him with both hands and pulled on him a little. \"Come on, please! Let's go to an empty classroom or something; just please talk to me!\" Jake begged. Tom flushed as a few people stared at them, and one guy muttered 'lovers spat'. \"Shut up , stupid! Don't mention anything about going anywhere where no one else is!\" \"What if we go to the bathroom? We can lock ourselves in a stall but I need to talk to you!\" \"You're making it worse!\" Tom cried, noticing that people were definitely forming an audience around them. Jake glanced around and winced, realizing that them going into a bathroom stall together was a really stupid idea. He finally released Tom's arm. \"I'll walk you to your locker,\" Jake begged, immediately recoiling at, once again, saying something that didn't help at all. He tried again. \"Can we go for a walk then?\" Again. \"Let's go get pizza. I'll buy…\" He mentally slapped himself and settled for grabbing Tom's wrist (although their audience would insist that it was his hand) and hauled him away from the crowd, eventually bringing him into an old art classroom. He tugged open one of the closets, which was large enough to be a small store, and pushed Tom inside. Slamming and locking the door behind him, Jake finally leaned against the wall, sighing. \"It's like you want the rumors to spread,\" Tom said flatly, crossing his arms and glaring. Jake closed his eyes, counting to ten. \"If anyone finds out about this, you are dead . It's bad enough that there's rumors already, but now they're gonna see us coming out of a goddamn closet together.\" \"I'm sorry, okay? But I don't really care what they think,\" Jake finally said, peering at his cousin. \"I was trying to apologize to you for the whole deal. And for burning your cake.\" \"What- you burned my cake?\" Tom demanded, sounding slightly more upset about that then about their current predicament. \"Well I was kind of preoccupied in that class, so excuse me for not being able to watch a freaking cake while I'm trying not to butcher your social life.\" \"What about you? Why aren't you affected by this at all?\" Tom asked, almost sounding jealous. Jake stared at him as if the answer was obvious. \"I'm Jake Pearson. No one messes with me, even if they think I'm an incestuous homosexual.\" Tom gaped at him, and then slid down the wall to sit on a small cabinet that was jam packed with paintbrushes. He rubbed at his eyes tiredly. \"Jake. It's not even… this isn't about how intimidated by you other people are. They think you're screwing your cousin. Your male cousin. What happens when this gets back to the other half of the high school? The ninth and tenth graders practically thrive on the drama that goes on here. Besides, your brothers are there. What happens when they find out?\" Jake didn't answer. He walked over to sit next to Tom, letting himself collapse against a large bucket of industrial strength glue. He picked up a stray pencil and began scribbling circles on his shoes. \"Maybe it won't be so bad,\" he finally said, earning a bewildered stare from Tom. \"Are you serious? Of course it will be bad! The entire school-\" \"Thinks I'm dating my cousin, I know, I know . But I mean… at least they don't think I'm dating some weirdo, right? Like, I'd rather have the entire school think I'm dating you than have one person think I'm dating Becky Elleman,\" he said brightly. Tom opened his mouth to reply but couldn't think of a response. He sat there awkwardly for a moment, trying to think of something, anything really, to say. \"But… at least then they'd think you're dating a girl,\" he finally managed. Jake shot him a dumbfounded look. \"What difference does it make if it's a girl or boy?\" He leaned back against the glue bucket, stretching his arms back. \"Becky's a creep. She's had a raging crush on me since third grade, and I'd rather have my ears sliced off then date her. So yeah, in comparison to that, having everyone think I'm with you is fine.\" Tom kind of just stared at the floor in front of him a little, not sure how to take that. \"You… you said that it didn't matter… about boys or girls. Are you… um…\" \"Bisexual. Not that hard of a word there, Mathlete.\" \"Oh. Oh. That's… you never told me that,\" Tom forced out, tripping over his words. \"Does… are you not okay with it? Because I hate to break it to you, but it's kind of not gonna change,\" Jake muttered. He glanced sideways at Tom, a little worried about the reply he was about to get. Tom didn't say anything for a few moments, fidgeting with the knees of his jeans and looking away. \"I guess it's cool,\" he finally said quietly, and Jake released a breath he had unknowingly been holding in. \"Have you ever… I mean, with a guy?\" \"What, had sex?\" \"Wha- no! No, kissed!\" Tom insisted. He hesitated. \"You… you had sex with a guy?\" \"No,\" Jake answered, and Tom relaxed a little. \"I've kissed one though. Two, actually.\" \"What! Who?\" Tom wiggled around so that he faced his cousin, sounding shocked and slightly outraged. Jake glared at him. \"I thought you didn't have a problem with it.\" \"I don't!\" \"Then why do you sound so pissed off?\" \"I-\" Tom paused, realizing how angry he had been. He deflated almost instantly, dazing off to the side. \"I don't know. But who did you…?\" \"One was a guy when we all went to Disney World. I didn't even see it coming, but I guess he got a vibe from me, or something. He was one of those background skaters from the ice show, remember? The one who asked if I could help him untie the back of his uniform?\" Tom remembered. The skater had been quite attractive, probably only two or three years older than them. At the time he had thought it was odd that a skater asked some random teenager to help him with his outfit, but now it kind of made sense. Tom winced as a small spark of something flared in his gut. He placed it as jealously that a pretty female skater hadn't come up and started hitting on him . \"And… and the other guy?\" Tom didn't miss the flash of guilt that streaked across his cousin's face. \"Promise you won't get mad, okay?\" Tom did some odd combination of nodding and shrugging, but it was enough for Jake and he sighed. \"You know your friend Emery?\" He stopped there and it took a second for Tom to piece it together. He grew furious in a matter of two seconds. \"You made out with my best friend?\" he demanded, pushing himself to stand. Jake stood too, looking apologetic. \"It was the last time he came over-\" \"That was two days ago!\" \"And he kind of cornered me in the kitchen and said he thought I was cute-\" \"Liar!\" \"And he just pushed me against the counter and-\" \"Okay I get it!\" Tom half-shouted. \"What the hell is wrong with you? First you've been hiding your sexuality from me for god knows how long, and then you go and make out with my best friend-\" \"He started it.\" \"And you- you… so what, are you two dating now or something?\" \"No, of course not,\" Jake immediately replied, but something caught his attention. Was it just him or was Tom… pouting ? \"Are you… are you jealous?\" \"What?\" Tom snapped, but his cheeks burned pink. \"Of course not!\" \"Oh… oh crap,\" Jake said, suddenly realizing something. \"You like Emery don't you?\" He didn't really notice Tom's utterly confused look, but continued to spew out apologies. \"I am so sorry, man, I had no idea! I swear, if I knew you had the hots for him, I would've shoved him off immediately! God, I'm so… but I swear, I freaking swear that there's nothing between us! It was a one-shot deal and it'll never happen again- \" \"Jake!\" Tom finally exploded, catching the blonde's attention. \"Jake, it's… I don't like Emery, okay? I just… I got mad because… I guess it's just that it always seems like my friends like you better than me.\" He paused. \"A lot better, in Emery's case. And it's fine that they like you too, but… then you hang out with them more than you do with me.\" He bit his lower lip stubbornly. \"You're my cousin, not theirs.\" \"You weren't jealous of them knowing me?\" Tom hesitantly shook his head. \"So you were jealous of me knowing them ?\" Tom shook his head harder, but his face flushed and he broke eye contact. Jake grinned. \"You are jealous of me knowing them!\" Tom covered his face with his hands and shook his head weakly, leaning back into the wall for support. Jake stalked closer, pinning Tom to the wall by planting both palms on either side of the brunette's head. \"You absolute dork . The only reason I was nice to them was because they were your friends!\" \"Of course, it's not like you ever hooked up with them or anything. Oh wait, yeah you did,\" Tom snapped. Jake sighed. \"I said I was sorry.\" \"That doesn't fix it! You hooked up with my best friend ! There are so many things wrong with that!\" \"Like what?\" Jake asked sharply. \"What part of it is making you so mad? Is it that I'm your cousin? Or that he's your best friend? Is it that you didn't know? Or,\" he added in a low tone, \"is it that we're both guys?\" Tom closed his eyes and bit his lip, flattening his hands against the wall behind him. Jake idly watched the other boy's teeth sinking into his lip. Catching himself, he shook his head quickly and focused on Tom's response. \"It's not about that. It's just… why Emery? There's a million other guys out there, so why him ?\" \"I told you that he's the one who kissed me.\" \"And I'm sure you put up such a fight,\" Tom said sarcastically. Jake rolled his eyes, shifting his weight a little. He was still blocking Tom from moving from his spot against the wall, and Jake's slight movement caused Tom to realize just how close his cousin was to him. Their heads were only about five or six inches away, but it wasn't exactly like Tom could move back. \"It's because he was my type,\" Jake said, breaking Tom's thoughts and forcing him to remember what they were talking about. Jake was looking pointedly at the wall beside Tom's head. \"I have a thing for brunettes.\" \"But he's… he's totally not like you! He's a Mathlete and he's socially awkward and he… and he…\" Tom stared at Jake stupidly. \"He's exactly like me,\" he murmured, although it was said more in realization than in accusation. He knew something was up when Jake didn't react, didn't say anything, just stared at the wall and scratched at the wallpaper with a fingernail. Tom kind of just stared at him for a few minutes. If Jake had a thing for him, then that would explain a lot. Like why he always gave Tom food from his cooking class. Or why he threw temper tantrums when Tom went to hang out with other people. Or why he was okay with everyone thinking that they were dating. To test his theory (that's all it was, just a test) Tom lifted his hands and curled his fingers into the blonde's belt loops, tugging slightly. The response was immediate. Jake's eyes snapped over to Tom, and a bright flush smoothed across his cheeks and nose. Tom flicked his thumbs under the hem of Jake's shirt, pressing lightly into the hollow of his hipbones. \"Tom.\" \"Jake.\" \"What are you …\" \"I don't know,\" Tom admitted, not moving to do anything else than he already had. He had only meant to see what Jake's response would be. But he hadn't exactly thought it through, and, meaningfully or not, he had put them in a most interesting and awkward position. \"Am I your type?\" \"I didn't say that,\" Jake muttered. \"You said someone exactly like me was your type.\" Tom yanked on Jake's belt loops when he didn't respond quickly enough. Jake ended up nearly falling onto his cousin, only stopping himself on time by rapidly placing both hands on Tom's chest and pushing himself away a little. \"It's just a stupid thing, okay, so just forget about it,\" he finally said, pushing himself a few inches away. \"Just one of those stupid things that people sometimes get for their cousins, okay? No big deal.\" \"It kind of is.\" \"No it's not!\" Jake burst out, sounding almost desperate. \"It doesn't have to change anything, and we can just pretend that I just happened to make out with a kid who was kind of like you-\" \" Exactly like me.\" \"But it was just some stupid coincidence!\" He gave a rough shove and heaved himself off of the wall and backed up rapidly, causing Tom to release his grip on Jake's belt loops. Jake backed all the way up to the opposite wall and pressed himself against it as if hoping it would absorb him and get him out of the situation. \"Jake, calm down-\" \"It's just a stupid little thing, okay? Not even a crush, all right, just… just a stupid little thing,\" he mumbled, sliding down the wall and tilting his head back to rest against the wall. \"Just a stupid, pointless, disgusting little thing that needs to stop but it won't .\" Jake sat there miserably, closing his eyes and breathing slightly erratically. Tom kind of just stared at him, trying to figure out what he should do. \"Jake, I don't-\" \"I know, okay? Please don't rub it in,\" the blonde muttered, covering his face with his large hands. Tom sighed. \"I wasn't going to say what you thought I was going to,\" he said finally. Jake didn't move. \"You thought I was going to say that I don't feel the same way, right?\" Jake peered out between two fingers. \"What were you going to say, then?\" Tom bit his lip. \"That I don't know what to say.\" \"Because that's just so much better,\" Jake said, closing the gap in his fingers and shielding his face completely. Tom inhaled deeply, trying to think of what he should do. Admittedly, he kind of had a 'stupid cousin thing' for Jake. A little. They had grown up so close, and were one of each other's closest friends. Had Jake not been related to him, and had just been a really good friend, Tom probably would've had a Big Bisexual Realization a few years ago and hooked up with the kid then. But they were cousins; they were blood related. And on any other day, he would've given his cousin a big hell no and been on his merry way. But today… Well, the entire school thought they were dating anyway, right? Tom knelt down in front of Jake and gently peeled his hands away, revealing startled, bright blue eyes. \"You know, I'm starting to think you told your class you give me your food on purpose,\" he commented quietly, placing Jake's hands lightly on the floor at his sides. Tom not-so-subtly wedged himself between Jake's knees, bringing himself as close to his cousin as possible without falling awkwardly on top of him. Jake kind of just stared at him, like he wasn't sure what the hell Tom was doing. And really, he had no idea. Well, maybe some idea, but he wasn't about to go and make assumptions and ruin whatever plan Tom had. \"I didn't mean to give them that whole idea,\" Jake replied cautiously, hoping against hope that Tom wasn't about to sock him or something. \"But you don't mind them having it.\" \"I don't care what they think.\" Tom placed his own hands on the wall behind Jake, just above the blonde's shoulders. \"Is that the only reason why you don't mind?\" He leaned his face a little bit closer to Jake's, and the blonde could swear that he saw a smirk forming on his cousin's face. Now, Jake was never a kid who would stand by and let someone else control the situation and watch him flounder. No, whenever possible, Jake would gather his seemingly endless confidence and take charge to get what he wanted. So it shouldn't have been a surprise when a determined glint flashed in his eyes and he lifted his hands to grab at Tom's shirt, bunching it tightly and dragging the brunette right up to his face. Tom's eyes widened, and Jake realized that his actions may have been a teensy bit aggressive, but without further ado, he shrugged off the pounds of doubt and heaved Tom's mouth to his own, pressing them messily together and trying not to groan at the absolute awesomeness of it. Tom kind of just stared at him stupidly for a few minutes, watching as Jake kept their mouths welded together and had his eyes squeezed shut. After just a few moments, Jake pushed Tom away, as if the brunette had been the one holding on, and kind of just sat there with his eyes closed, expecting the worst. But instead he felt Tom grip his chin lightly and tilt it upwards, and then he felt the brilliance of Tom's mouth pressed gently to his. Tom had no idea what he was doing, and his entire body felt dizzy and fuzzy and overheated, but it didn't matter as he leaned forward and kissed Jake. And yeah, he could totally be cool with throwing away his (admittedly small) reputation for this. They broke apart (again) after just a few moments. Tom was still confused and his knees hurt from kneeling so long and he was still a little afraid of trying the full make-out thing with his cousin, and oh Christ he had kissed his cousin for god's sake, but it was nice and Jake tasted good and he was actually a whole lot more okay with it than he had previously thought he'd be. They sat there, staring stupidly at each other and kind of grinning like idiots, but it wasn't awkward or tense. Until the door to the closet swung open and there stood two girls Tom recognized to be in their grade. One was a quiet, thick girl who rarely spoke to boys, and seemed utterly shocked by finding two of the male creatures in the art closet. The other girl immediately gasped and stomped forward, glaring down at Jake. \"So this is Tom? Seriously, Jake? I am so much better looking than him,\" she insisted huffily. Jake gently pushed at Tom's chest until he stood, and pulled himself to his feet. They both turned to face the girls. \"Tom, this is the girl I told you about. The one who wanted my cake. Your cake,\" Jake explained, and Tom made a silent 'oh'. He eyed the girl, who was petite and had round hips and quite a bit of lip-gloss on. She wasn't particularly pretty, and Tom took slight offence that she thought he was worse looking than her. \"It could've been mine, if Jake woke up and realized that cousins aren't people who you hook up with,\" the girl pouted. Jake rolled his eyes. \"Emily, this is Tom. My…\" He looked at Tom questioningly. The brunette looked away nervously, not wanting to look at Jake while he introduced him as his cousin . The girls had already walked in on them in a goddamn closet, so there was no real doubt about what they had been doing, and the fact that they were cousins was already established. But Tom dreaded the inevitable cousin because that… well, that was just rubbing acid in the wound. But it would be the truth, wouldn't it? Even though they tainted the meaning of cousin , Jake had every opportunity right then to throw it all away, clean the slate, by giving the truth. His cousin . God, Tom felt so stupid. \"This is my boyfriend.\" Tom winced on instinct, but instantly realized that what he had expected to hear and what he had actually heard were two entirely different things. Jake reached over and gripped his hand, tangling their fingers and squeezing pointedly. Tom glanced at him to find the blonde staring at him expectantly, and Tom realized that his silence wasn't doing anything to confirm Jake's statement. \"Uh, yeah,\" he squeaked out, clearing his throat immediately after. The girl's- Emily, he thought it was- jaw dropped. \"So go spread the word. And stuff. Whatever it is you bigmouth gossip freaks do,\" Jake waved idly and slipped past the gaping girl, pulling his cousin with him. He tugged Tom all the way out of the art classroom and down the hall, past the lockers and out of the school building. In fact, Jake didn't stop walking until Tom finally snapped out of his stupor. \"Wait! My books are still in my locker,\" he exclaimed, planting his feet on the sidewalk trailing from the school and refusing to move. Jake tried to keep pulling him by his hand, but Tom was stubborn and stayed put. \"I have homework to do, stupid. I gotta go back.\" \"You can skip one night of homework,\" Jake said flatly. \"No, I can't . I'd like to stay on honor roll, if you don't mind.\" \"I do when it interferes with my life,\" Jake stated, and with a sharp tug he had Tom stumbling forwards a few steps and right into his arms. \"Hey!\" Tom cried, colliding with Jake's chest. \"How does my homework interfere with your life?\" \"Because if we get your books, you're gonna study and do school stuff for the rest of the night.\" \"Not the rest of the night-\" \"And I want to go out.\" Tom stared at him blankly, still not understanding what that had to do with him. \"With you.\" \"You can go do whatever it is by yourself. You're a big boy-\" \"On a date , moron.\" \"Oh.\" Tom kind of just opened and closed his mouth several times, and Jake was tempted to call him a fishy but he knew that if he wanted something from Tom, name-calling wasn't (usually) the way to go. \"Oh.\" \"Yeah, oh.\" \"Oh.\" \"Is that all you're gonna say?\" \"Um.\" Tom blinked at him, still leaning into him with his arms bent between their chests and his hands half-heartedly clenched into fists. \"Um.\" \"Usually there's a yes or no given.\" \"Um. Yes. Right?\" Tom asked hesitantly, still looking entirely unsure. Jake grinned and squeezed him tightly, getting a startled ack! from the other teen. \"Good.\" He finally released the poor, squashed brunette and opted instead for wrapping an arm around his shoulders. It was ingenious, really, because outsiders and family members wouldn't question a gesture like that, but he got to keep Tom close. Plus, whenever he lightly brushed a thumb along Tom's neck, the other boy shivered minutely and Jake liked that reaction even after the tenth time. \"We will have to stop at the grocery store at some point,\" Tom stated about halfway through their walk home. Jake glanced at him. \"Why?\" \"You need ingredients.\" \"What? For what?\" Jake asked, letting his arm momentarily slip down to curl around Tom's back and letting his hand grasp the brunette's hip. Tom gave him a mock-glare and crossed his arms, forcing Jake to give him a little of unwanted space. \"You still owe me a strawberry cake, stupid.\" ","Summary":" It's obnoxious, how addicted I am to this pairing. You'd think that, with all of the over-slashed f"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Lullaby","Author":"Shipcestuous","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7757638","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Takes place after the main action of the movie – later that night, before the fishing trip and before Bethany and Tom activate funky Ricky. Basically they just reflect on what happened and how it changed their relationships. Sort of hints at Tom/Bethany and Jake/Hannah but it a very light way. Disclaimer: I own nothing. / Despite the brush with Armageddon, this had probably been the best day of Tom's entire life. \"Life changing\", just like he had said to his dad. Probably also the longest: dragging his sleepy butt out to the car at the crack of dawn that morning he had felt worthless and angry. Matters had only gotten worse when Ricky showed up at the rental house and throughout the day Tom had something like four confrontations with his dad. But none of that mattered anymore. The day was winding down, and everything had ended in the best possible way. Everything that had been troubling him that morning had been resolved: patching things up with his dad had been the final step, so Tom felt pretty good after their heart-to-heart. Fresh. Renewed. Strong. Their parents would never believe them about the aliens, so the kids didn't even bother trying to explain why they had been misbehaving all day. None of the evidence that remained – the remote controller, the torn-up basement, the pulverized satellite, their testimony and that of Ricky and Nana, confused though it would have been – would convince anyone. But that was OK. The kids pretended like being left out of the fireworks had been a punishment and they accepted it. After they helped get the fishing gear ready and demonstrated some excitement about the next day's activity, all was well in the household. All of the adults were asleep now. Ricky was long gone, to no one's disappointment, least of all Bethany's. Art, Lee, Jake, Tom, and Bethany had snuck out to the lake, even though they were exhausted, to talk and absorb the day's events. They were mostly silent, however, staring up into the sky. Going to sleep had seemed impossible. They were lying in a row on the grass at the water's edge. The gentle waves were soothing. Tom was worried he might fall asleep, but he wasn't quite ready to go back in. The moon was high now, and it was probably pushing midnight. \"What time is it?\" Tom asked Jake, gesturing at his cousin's shiny watch. \"Nice, huh,\" Jake acknowledged, lifting his wrist. He pressed the glow button, and when it lit up, he informed all of them that it was 12:30. \"It's late,\" Bethany murmured. Cold and shivering, she had rolled over to Tom's side and had nestled up against him. Her eyes were closed; she was half asleep. Jake had lifted his arms in an inquisitive shrug: he'd only ever seen the two of them at each other's throats. Tom shook his head and returned the gesture, just as puzzled. They had only been out there for a few minutes when Hannah had wandered along, rubbing her eyes, her arms awkwardly empty without her sock monkey. She was the only one dressed for bed; she was clearly freezing in her pink nightgown. \"Han, what are you doing out here?\" Jake demanded, though he sounded slightly more concerned than angry. \"You could have gotten lost. It's dark and cold and late.\" Tom was puzzled again, this time wondering where Jake's caretaker side had come from. These were usually the things that Tom would be saying. He felt a stab of anger that his role had been usurped, but then Bethany snuggled closer and he was grateful he didn't have to move. He tentatively wrapped his arm around her, and finding that she didn't resist, he used it to press her against him. \"We're gonna get caught,\" Jake sighed. \"I kept the secret about the aliens all day, didn't I?\" Hannah pointed out, standing up for herself. \"She did,\" Art agreed. Lee nodded emphatically. \"How did you get out here?\" Jake asked, taking the counsel of his brothers with a frown. \"I followed you,\" Hannah spat angrily. \"Why didn't you bring me along?\" \"We thought you were tired,\" Tom responded. \"I'm not,\" she asserted, but she belied her statement by yawning. Jake couldn't help but laugh at her. \"You should have stayed in bed.\" \"I don't want to be left out, just because I'm little.\" \"She's got a point,\" Lee said. \"Yeah, she's one of us,\" Art added. Hannah walked towards them, headed for her brother and sister, but not feeling welcome by them she looked around, distressed. Jake sat up. \"I'm open,\" he said, by all appearances annoyed that he hadn't been her first choice. She ran over to him eagerly and jumped into his lap. All of his reservations about her presence melted away and he enclosed her in his arms with a laugh. She leaned back against his chest, and, like her sister, sleepily closed her eyes. \"You can see so many stars out here,\" Lee commented. \"It's like being in space.\" Tom saw the night sky in a whole new light. He'd been battling aliens all day, but he still couldn't quite believe it. Intelligent life in the universe. Intelligent, and hostile. He just hoped that if they ever returned, it wouldn't be his problem. Hopefully Sparks would keep the Zirkonians away from Earth. The thought of Sparks drove Tom to take a peek at his little sister. She had slipped down a little, and her head now rested in the crook of Jake's elbow. Sure enough she was thinking about her extraterrestrial friend: \"I miss Snuggle Lump,\" she whispered intimately to Jake. \"I know, Han. Me too,\" Jake whispered back in a soothing voice. \"I'm surprised Uncle Nate went to bed so early,\" Tom remarked to Jake. \"Though I don't suppose he would've stopped us.\" \"Yeah, Nate might act like a frat boy, but he's still got the body of an old man.\" Frat boy. The thought made Tom look at Bethany. Her hair was really all that he could see, bunched up on his chest. If he put forth the effort, he could probably get into a better school than Michigan, but he didn't want to. He wanted to follow Bethany. \"Listen, man, I'm sorry I was such a tool earlier about the room, and about your potato gun. I'm sorry I called you a geek. You are one, but you shouldn't feel bad about it,\" Jake apologized. Tom shook his head. \"Don't worry about it.\" \"No, really. We made a good team today and we couldn't have won without you. I was an ass.\" \"You were right, about taking action. I needed you to push me. So, it's all good. And keep the room.\" \"I was planning on it.\" Tom laughed. He didn't mind taking the other bedroom: it was closer to Bethany's bedroom anyway. He didn't know why he wanted that, but all of the sudden he did. Or maybe he did know. He felt a need in him building, a need to be close to her. Maybe he just felt protective, after what had happened that day. His family had been in danger, and now he didn't want them out of his sights. That was it. \"She's asleep,\" Jake said, a few minutes later. \"Yeah,\" Tom responded, feeling the weight of Bethany on his chest. But Jake had been referring to Hannah. \"We should probably go back. It's late. At least your dad got our fishing time pushed a little later.\" Jake smiled. \"He's good for some things.\" Art and Lee rose, more than ready to go to bed. Tom propped himself up on his arms, rising slowly until he was sitting. He shook Bethany lightly, brushing her hair out of her face. He whispered her name. Beside them, Jake had stood up, holding Hannah the entire time in a fireman's carry. She stirred, but remained asleep. Bethany woke quickly, immediately lucid. She pulled away from her brother in a sudden movement, perhaps ashamed that she had fallen asleep. \"We're heading back,\" Tom informed her. He looked over at Jake. \"I'll carry her.\" \"I can do it,\" Jake responded, either defensive or possessive. They walked back to the house in a sort of huddle, but filtered in single file as to be quieter. Jake deposited Hannah in her bed, tucking the covers in around her, and even slipping a teddy bear into her arms. Bethany stood in her bedroom door way, and Tom stopped in front of her instead of taking the last few steps to his own room. She smiled at him in a tired way. He smiled back. The interaction was uneasy. \"I'm still scared,\" she confessed. \"I'm more scared than Hannah.\" \"Hannah got to pretend. You didn't get to do that,\" Tom comforted. \"But you don't need to be scared anymore. It's over. The aliens are gone. All they wanted here was that machine, and it's dust.\" She nodded, inhaling, trying to allow herself to be comforted. \"There wasn't time to be afraid while it was happening. It was all adrenaline and action. But now…We could have died. Hannah, you . Mom and Dad. We could have died.\" She licked her lips nervously, and then shook her head. \"You were great today.\" He shrugged modestly. \"So were you.\" She shook her head sadly. \"I don't think I was great today. In fact, today was pretty much one humiliation after another.\" \"You can't think about it like that. You stood up to Ricky, because he didn't respect us and he didn't respect you. Even though you still liked him. You were strong.\" \"Well, I don't like him anymore. I mean, he's still good looking. And he has a great car. And rock-hard abs, and-\" \"I get the picture,\" Tom interrupted. \"But none of that matters to me anymore. Because I saw who he was inside. And you were right, all along. He was fake.\" \"And too old for you.\" She nodded with a sad smile. \"Yeah. He was.\" \"But you were too mature for him,\" Tom added. Bethany laughed. \"Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow.\" He nodded. \"Yeah.\" It was awkward again. Tom broke their eye contact and went forward to his room. / Fishing was fun. A lot more fun that he remembered. And it was great being with his family. They were all getting along better than they ever had before. Tom was glad that he could please his parents after all of the stress he had recently handed to them. He was done with all of that. His brief stint as a bad kid, also known as his failed attempt to be cool, was over. But maybe he was cool now. Jake, tough and cool naturally, now felt like his best friend. And Bethany, beautiful and popular and capable of attracting a guy like Ricky, now felt like…his other best friend. He had earned their respect. Bethany was on the other boat. She smiled at him shyly and held up a fish she had caught. He clapped for her. Hannah seemed eager to impress Jake. She wasn't fishing very well, but she managed to keep his attention. He helped her most of the time instead of holding his own line. They ate fish for dinner. The twins had done most of the catching. Apparently whatever fishing game they had for Wii did a pretty good simulation. ","Summary":" Summary: Takes place after the main action of the movie – later that night, before the fishing trip"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Close Contact","Author":"sistokid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6444860","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I finally just saw this movie about a month ago. I don't really even know what this story is. This does contain a homosexual relationship, though it's a rather innocent one and there's nothing truly graphic. So either man up and read it or go be a homophobic little bitch somewhere else. Rated T because I don't know if there're curses. I already re-read like six times and I'm too lazy to check for no-no words. And yes, I know they're cousins, but seriously, watch the movie and count on your fingers how many scenes they're in where there's less than a foot between them. You will run out of fingers and toes, I guarantee it. Flames will be used to warm up my annoyingly cold dorm room. Let me know if there are any spelling or grammatical errors. I hate those things. Review if you'd like. It would be a lovely thing to do, but I'll live if you choose not to. I don't own the characters. Okay... go. Compared to the past few weekends, Tom couldn't help but feel like this one was eerily normal. Precisely three weeks ago, a small group of aliens tried to invade the Earth and Tom and his sisters and cousins defeated them and sent them running. Two weekends ago, a stray bear cub decided to chew on the side of their vacation home, because apparently whatever it is the siding of a house is made of tastes so much better than what the nearby blackberry bushes had to offer. And then there was last Saturday, which was, at least in his twin cousins' opinions, the oddest yet. Because apparently someone had clogged the topmost floor's toilet with an entire newspaper, and it flooded horridly and trickled down to every floor beneath it. The entire house smelled, quite literally, like crap for the next four days. So here sat Tom, playing Halo with Jake, and the house was completely silent, and peaceful, and lacking in anything interesting. He glanced at his cousin, who was absorbed completely in the game, tongue sticking out stupidly and thumbs going wild on the controller. God, Jake looked idiotic. Granted, he already had a knack for looking stupid- he just had that face , you know? It was the kind where a stranger could take a look at him and think, yeah, he's probably no Einstein. Apparently Tom's lapse in concentration caused Jake's player to get shot and die, so out of a fit of anger Jake proceeded to grind his teeth. He completely forgot, however, that his tongue had been flopping out of his mouth from his massive focus, and he ended up biting the damn thing. \"Shit! Ow, ow, ow…\" Jake pressed his fingers into his mouth, and pulled them out for inspection. \"No blood… but damn that hurt.\" Tom refused to pay Jake any pity. Lately, things had been odd between them. Not awkward or weird or anything, but just odd . Since about a month ago, they had been really close. Not emotionally, but literally, physically close. No matter what was going on- beating up aliens, fixing up the siding on the house, or sharing Tom's bedroom because Jake's had been rained on by toilet water, they were hardly ever more than two feet from each other. Not to say this irritated Tom or anything, but he had noticed it a while back and it just… was odd. \"Tom.\" Jake poked the brunette's knee with his own. \"Tommy.\" Tom glared at him. \"You know I hate that name.\" \"You stopped playing. Dude, you're rhetorically killing me.\" \"You mean literally.\" \"Whatever. C'mon,\" Jake nudged Tom's shoulder with his own, pressing just a moment too long and a little too hard for it to be considered a normal nudge. \"We can do something else if you're bored.\" Tom thought for a moment. He was quite bored, to be honest, but the sort of entertainment that would fix that would have to top alien invasions and clogged toilets. \"Nah, this works. I was just thinking.\" \"You do that a lot,\" Jake commented. Tom glanced at him, wondering if he should take offence. \"What about?\" \"What?\" \"What were you thinking about,\" the blonde clarified, jabbing the A button in quick succession. \"Us.\" Tom caught the quirky look his cousin shot him. \"I mean, just… never mind, however I say it, it'll sound stupid and girly.\" \"Oh come on!\" Jake threw his controller down harshly, crossing his arms like a pouting child. \"Forget this. If you're not gonna focus, let's just put on a movie. Toy Soldiers it is.\" He quickly switched the television from the Xbox to the DVD player, and got the disc to start. \"Anyway, what were you saying? I don't care if you sound stupid and girly. You sound like that normally, so it's fine.\" \"Go die.\" \"Seriously, what about us? You can't just start talking about me and then refuse to continue.\" Jake settled back on the puffy couch they were relaxing on, obliviously choosing to sit only about four inches from Tom. The other boy, however, noticed. \"Well, I mean… I just kind of noticed that you and I have been really… really close lately.\" \"Well, duh, we only hang out every day. I mean, it's only natural.\" \"No,\" Tom sighed and gestured to the space- or lack thereof- between them. \"I mean literally closer. As weird as this sounds, there's been like, zero space between us.\" He watched carefully as Jake processed his thought. The blonde peered down at their laps, which were mere inches from one another. After a moment, he scooted away, leaving a cold two feet between them. \"That's really weird that you noticed that,\" he finally replied, not making it sound remotely like a compliment. \"And it's even weirder that it happened. Sorry, I didn't mean to get into your space. When I hang out with someone a lot, I get kind of touchy-feely with them. Not in a creepy way,\" he added quickly, noticing the questioning look on Tom's face. \"I dunno. Sorry.\" Tom felt off. He had simply meant to point out their closeness, and possibly examine it, not push away the other boy and destroy the lack of space. Now his entire right side, which had previously been in close quarters with Jake's, felt cold and lacking. He pulled his legs onto the couch, bending his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around himself. \"I didn't mean it like that.\" It had been a delayed response, but he felt the need to still put it out there. \"I wasn't… it wasn't like I hated it or anything. I'm not usually close with people like that, and usually I hate it, but… it was okay.\" There was no response from the other boy, who was still clearly sulking on the arm of the couch. \"Now I'm cold,\" he tried, hoping Jake would at least smile a little. Unfortunately, there was no change in his cousin, so Tom gave up. He curled himself into the couch and let his eyes close, blocking out the slight lonely feeling and drifting into a light sleep. It must've been an hour later when he woke up, still balled on the couch. He was rolled into the fetal position, head presumably resting on a pillow, although his sleep-muddled brain slowly acknowledged that there weren't any pillows on this particular couch. Curiously, he lifted his head to find a pair of legs sticking out of what he thought was a pillow. Peeking up, he found Jake sitting up against the couch, still watching his movie. The blonde had apparently tugged Tom onto his lap, letting him use him as a pillow. Their earlier conversation, if that's what you'd call it, came floating back into his memory, and he slowly sat up. Sitting up without previously scooting away a bit was, perhaps, not the best choice, for it brought their faces awkwardly close, and in the dark room with only the lighting from the television illuminating them, and considering the position Tom had just awoken into, it was just a bit too odd. For a split second, Tom felt like they were about to do that whole 'gazing into each other's eyes meaningfully and then slowly moving closer together, clearly anticipating a kiss' deal. Clearing his throat to try to shove away some tension, Tom inched back a little. \"Hi,\" Jake began, looking at the other unsurely. \"Have a nice nap?\" \"I thought you were mad at me,\" Tom commented. Jake ran his right hand, the hand furthest from Tom, through his own sandy hair. \"Um, not really. It was just a weird conversation to have, and I thought you were freaked out by human contact.\" Tom, to avoid eye contact, looked down between where his legs were still curled up and Jakes were stretched out comfortably. \"Where's your hand?\" Tom stared between them intently. Jake shot him a confused look and waved his right hand- still the hand furthest from Tom. \"No, your other one.\" It wasn't between them, like he expected it to be. He glanced up when no answer was given, to see Jake flushed and looking pointedly away. Tom followed the line of his left shoulder, which was quite near his own, to a lanky arm draped behind Tom. Finally his eyes found Jake's hand, which was curled warmly on Tom's back. He stared at it, trying to understand why it was there. \"Were we… did you cuddle me?\" \"You said it didn't bother you,\" Jake muttered, quickly lifting his hand and bringing back to himself, once again crossing his arms. He still refused to look at his cousin. \"It… it…\" Tom was about to say that it did, in fact, irk him, but the patch of cold that developed on his back where the hand had been stopped him. Truthfully, he had never been a physical contact person. He put up with his mother and father, and Hannah occasionally, but that was about it. But it was becoming increasingly obvious that he liked Jake's touchy-feely-ness. He looked back to Jake, who had wriggled a few inches away in his miniature tantrum. Tom sat up, trying to sort this out. He was a smart kid, and rarely subject to denial, so it took him only seconds to admit that Jake was kind of a special thing to him. He refused to claim it as anything mushier or girlier, or, quite accurately, gayer. He decided to try something. Realistically, Jake probably wasn't this close with other guys he knew. Tom seriously doubted that his friends from high school frequently used his lap as a pillow. So he waited the full two minutes it took for Jake to give up his sulking and uncross his arms, resting his hands on either side of his thighs. The hand closest to Tom was sprawled out weakly against the cushion, only a good inch and a half from his own pinky. Slowly, so that Jake wouldn't catch on right away, Tom crept his hand over a quarter inch. After pausing and checking that Jake hadn't noticed, he scooted his hand over just a bit closer, now only a half inch from Jakes hand. Very carefully, he flipped his own hand over and in one swift motion, stuffed it a bit under Jake's hand. The blonde jumped a bit, looking down to see what lodged itself under his palm, only to find Tom's index and middle fingers pushed under. He gazed at it for a second, not moving when Tom pressed on and aligned his hand neatly under Jake's. But that's where he stopped; the next move was up to Jake. For a painful second, Tom thought Jake was going to pull away, probably following up with a disgusted glare and a rant about how close contact didn't mean holding hands like girlfriends and boyfriends. But in a moment, his paranoia was chopped to bits when Jake shifted his hand and interlocked their fingers lightly. It took about five minutes before either boy had the nerve to look up from either their hands or the television, but finally Jake made eye contact again when he scooted back over to Tom, forgoing the usual two inches and pressing their entire sides and legs firmly together. It took another hour, after Jake had lazily flicked the movie off and turned on cartoons, for them to look at each other again. Tom kept doing those out-of-the-corner-of-his-eyes glances, hoping to catch Jake's attention without really seeming like he was begging for it. Eventually, he realized that Jake was doing the exact same thing, and they shyly turned their faces to fully look at each other. Due to their position and proximity, their faces- most importantly including their mouths- were within centimeters. Jake smirked his stupid grin, and Tom could just feel the pathetic blush squirming up his face. Slowly, as if any second now the other would back out and start yelling, the two moved in and experimentally pushed their mouths together. It was awkward, and clumsy, and clearly neither had previously kissed anyone else like this, but Tom liked it, and if the fact that Jake was pressing him down into the couch to straddle on top of him said anything, then the blonde wasn't too grossed out by this either. Jake pulled away after another few minutes of mushing their closed mouths together before pulling away. He smiled slightly down at Tom, and the two got lost in a moment that neither would ever admit to having because it was corny and lame and sounded like it came straight from one of Bethany's crappy romance novels. Speaking of Bethany, said girl came stomping down the hallway, making her way noisily to the small room the two were in. From her high-pitched shouts, they realized she was coming to get them, and without further warning, she pretty much broke down the damn door. Thinking quickly, which was rare for Jake, he noticed their awkward position. If Bethany saw, she'd wonder why Jake was straddling Tom's waist on the couch, and why both boys were flushing, and why their lips were red and kind of puffy. So he had two options. Either he could jump up really quickly and make it look like they were doing something they shouldn't have, or… He quickly grabbed Tom's shoulders and flipped them off the couch, throwing the poor brunette to the floor and slamming down on top of him, successfully pinning the other boy all within the second it took Bethany to plow through the doorway. \"You two are fighting again? God, don't you ever get along?\" She flipped a long strand of hair over her shoulder, placing her hands on her hips. \"Anyway, Tom, mom wants you to help dad fix the twin's Wii.\" Without waiting for a reply, she turned on her heel and strutted out of the room, leaving Jake sitting on Tom's back, holding his arm behind him. \"That was close,\" Tom breathed. He wiggled for a moment. \"Mind letting go of my arm before you snap it off?\" \"My bad,\" Jake said, releasing the brunette's arm and pushing himself off. He settled next to Tom, who pushed himself to standing. \"I better go help them before one of the twins throws a fit. You coming with me?\" He reached out a hand to help up Jake, who immediately took it and pulled himself up. Tom turned to leave, only jumping slightly when a hand entangled itself in his own. Together, the two boys ventured downstairs, only releasing their hands when they reached other people, but never straying more than a foot from each other. Though he felt kind of stupid and mushy and all too cliché for thinking it, Tom couldn't help but feel that maybe this weekend wasn't as boring as he thought. ","Summary":" I finally just saw this movie about a month ago. I don't really even know what this story is. This "},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Kissing Cousins","Author":"dynamitedee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5849357","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kissing Cousins. Aliens in the attic fanfiction (: watched it recently and loved it. Tom and Jake are so adorable. So are the twins. But this is a purely Jake x Tom story. I know they're related. Kill me later, I just had to make this! Disclaimer: I own nothiiiiiiiingz. Enjoy, if it ain't your cup of tea then turn back now or BE ENTERNALLY ADDICTED. lol caps. But seriously, enjoy. After defeating the small aliens that threatened their world, Jake decided he and his cousin deserved a little celabratory drink. And then another...and another...and a few more following the prior ones. Being at only the fresh ages of seventeen, they were very inhebriated by the stolen liquor they found in a cabonate and were both sitting on the attic floor giggling aimlessly. \"T-this is f-f-fun!\" Jake exclaimed as he threw down another shot glass, \"But w-we should do something.\" \"Oh, and w-what do you su-suppose we do?\" Tom replied drunkenly. Jake sat there scratching his chin thoughtfully for a moment, before smiling at Tom and pushing him over playfully. Before he could even attempt to get up, Jake was already sitting on top of his cousin. Hands on either side of his brunette cousins head, pinning him down quite successfully and smiling right at him. \"I've always t-thought you were the p-prettiest one out of yo-you-your siblings, Tommy.\" Jake smiled, gently caressing the side of Toms face with the back of his hand. \"Wh-what are you doing?\" Tom asked suspiciously. \"You have v-very pre-pretty lips...\" Jake continued, inching his face just slightly closer. \"J-jake...\" Tom said fearfully. \"So pink and..a-and p-plump...\" Jake inched even closer to Toms face. Tom instinctively turned his face away but Jake turned it back to face his direction, Jake slammed his lips onto Toms and muffled his complaints. Not too long after, Tom kissed back. Jake slid his tongue in slowly and traced inside of Toms mouth. Their tongues met in a battle of wet, mushy dominance, which Jake quickly won. \"NO! JAKE HAS IT LEE!\" Kay yelled at his twin brother as he ran up towards the attic in search for his elder brother. \"I KNOW YOU HAVE MY PSP KAY! GIVE IT BACK!\" Lee shouted as he chased after his brother. \"Kay! KAY! DON'T PRETEND YOU CAN'T HEAR ME!\" Lee yelled, walking very noisily up the attic stairs towards his brother. \"I swear Kay I know yo- He was stopped mid-sentence by the sight in front of him, and as was Kay who was to shocked to reply to his previous shouts. For on the floor infront of them, was their brother and their cousin. Shirtless, lips locked and groping eachother relentlessly. After a few moments of staring out of disgust and curiosity Kay spoke. \"See, I told you we weren't the only relatives that kiss like that.\" Kay said as he turned around and walked out. END :) Hoped you liked it. Comments appreciated! Should there be more? If so, would you like to contribute? I have a hard time coming back to these.... I loose ideas and whatnot. School will be the death of me! D: Anyhoo, comments please! ","Summary":" Kissing Cousins. Aliens in the attic fanfiction (: watched it recently and loved it. Tom and Jake a"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Two Free Spirits: A LeeKay Romance Challenge","Author":"LeesGurl103","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5613342","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two Free Spirits: A LeeKay Romance Challenge An Aliens In The Attic fic Challenge 1 closer Lee's POV \" It was happening again, she had me cornered pressed against the wall as she dance on and around me. So many dirty thoughts ran through my mind as I shivered lightly. \"Kay, is this payback for the gym thing?\" I say remembering when I had tricked her into kissing me \"maybe, or its just that I like teasing you like this\" she says grinding into me I couldn't help but moan the pleasure was simply electrifying she was just about to kiss me when… \" My alarm clock rang and I rolled out of bed I looked at my clock \"5:35 am\" it read and I groaned wanting to go back to sleep. \"Lee wake up!\" my twin, Art yelled in my ear and I pushed him away groaning \"I don't want to!\" I said my voice muffled by the pillow \"don't make me get Jake in here!\" art threatened and in an instant I was up, dressed and out the door \"hey, partner\" Kay said grinning at me devilishly I grinned the same type of grin back \"what's up?\" I ask my voice low and husky. \"You seem, excited\" Kay said noticing my excitement in my boxers \"I- um oh no here comes art I say noticing him run down the side walk \"hey why'd you ditch me? Art said \"cuz you were gonna sic our evil brother on us!\" I said trying to hide the fact that Kay was arousing me by holding my notebook over it \"what's all that about?\" nothing I say and the day just continued. After school ran through the park trying to find a dry place to stay until the rain lightened up but i stopped dead in my tracks when I saw Kay lying on a bench drenched in the rain thoughts of what could have happened to her ran through my head as I rushed over to her I lightly brushed my hands along her fore head moving the ropes of wet hair from her face and she stirred from her sleep her blue eyes opened to meet my brown eyes and her eyes immediately teard up \"lee!\" she cried grasping my drenched t-shirt \" oh god Kay what happened!\" I said trying to hold back my tears \"they... jumped me again chelsy and the girls it hurt to move at the time so I stayed here\" she choked out through her tears \"im gonna help you, its okay\" I said soothingly I slid one arm under her knees and one around her shoulders and took her to my house When I got to the house every one was asleep lets get out of these clothes I said and she went to change as did I and we met back at the leisure room and I started a warm fire in the fire place and warm up two mugs of hot chocolate and sat next to her \"you okay\" I asked gently \"yeah, but im cold\" she said so I wrapped my arms around her \"I love you.\" I said and I did not care that I said that all I cared was she knew how I felt. \"I love you too Lee\" she said kissing me softly and I knew that that knight would be special. R&R; please I love Regan young and I wish this could happen for real! ","Summary":" Two Free Spirits: A LeeKay Romance Challenge An Aliens In The Attic fic Challenge 1 closer Lee's PO"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"The Loss: HenriKays Rap","Author":"LeesGurl103","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5644065","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The loss Kay and Henri's rap from Remember The Names Verse 1 Kay Okay, everyday I sit and wonder what's its like to lose on another and I guess today I found out how much it kills ya to watch it all build up then to see it suffer well guess what I really don't know how to say this all ima say what did I do to even deserve this? Caught up in it alla bulls*** I guess I quit hand life over to someone who deserves it feeling so low painful and so nervous And in the years sittin crying gallons of tears why? They all ask it makes me wanna lose it the real reason? They'll never know and soon in time ill forget but one thing's true that they never know my loss Verse 2 Henri Hey now kiddo c'mon wipe away ya tears after all the years we reunited and happiness restored to a life that never was and never will be the end I guess to sum it up ill ima say is why does life have to be this way I never guess it even thought for a minute it could all be lost and well I guess I made the same mistake with who I could trust and who just walked away so heres your story will all I gotta give just sittin back grittin my teeth clenching my fists well jus remember when you judge this book don't ever say she had or has nothing to lose she does and now thanks Albion you made me miserable as I sit and watch my life burn slowly. Thanks again I never knew how this all would end and here it ended this chapter the final page of my life before I return my soul back to peace back to love and heaven make sure that yall remember my loss. ","Summary":" The loss Kay and Henri's rap from Remember The Names Verse 1 Kay Okay, everyday I sit and wonder wh"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"One Crazy School Year!","Author":"CheerleadingGymnasticsGrrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6922775","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One Crazy School Year. Summary: Summer's over, and school has begun. It's Junior year for Tom and Rory, and it's twice as difficult, add some vengeful, evil aliens and some mean parents, nothing's going to run smoothly... Chapter One: Funky Ricky. I sighed as I zipped up the last of my bags. I sat down on my bed and looked out the window. It was the day I had been dreading ever since our first night here. The end of vacation and more importantly… The day I had to separate from Jake. I wiped away the tears that were beginning to drip from my eyes. No. I wouldn't cry. Not in front of Tom. Not in front of Jake. Not in front of anyone. \"Ready to roll?\" Tom's voice caught me off guard. After I recovered from the slight shock, I spun to face him. \"Erm… Yeah… Uh… Where's Jake?\" I asked. He gave me a look, probably noticing the tears in my eyes. \"Are you okay, Rory?\" He asked, ignoring my original question. I let out a fake laugh I hoped he believed. \"O-o-of c-c-course I a-a-a-am! W-w-why wouldn't I b-b-b-be?\" I questioned, he didn't fail to notice my voice's change in octave or my stutter.. \"You still can't lie to me Rory. We figured that out in 2nd grade.\" He said. I instantly slumped, he was right… Man, I hate admitting that! But I usually have to say it… Cause he's almost always right… \"Rory!\" His voice cut off my train of thought. \"I'm here!\" I exclaimed, shaking my head. \"What's wrong? Really?\" He asked. \"I told y-y-you… N-n-nothing.\" I replied, looking away from him and out the window where Nate, Mr. P and Jake were loading our bags into the truck. I sighed again. \"You still suck at lying to me and let's face it… You always will. Now tell me what's wrong.\" Tom said. I looked at him and shrugged. \"I'm just going to miss Jake… That's all… I mean what if he goes back home and finds some like… Barbie doll… And sees that she's everything he's ever wanted and is like 100 times better than me then falls in love with her and completely forgets I even exist!\" I exclaimed, falling backwards onto my bed, throwing an arm over my face. Tom let out a hearty laugh. Why the hell is he laughing when I'm in the middle of a crisis? What kind of best friend is that? I lifted my arm to look at him with one eye. \"What's so funny?\" I demanded. \"You *laugh* honestly think *laugh* Jake would leave *laugh* you?\" He exclaimed, almost in tears. I sat up and glared at him. \"Why is that funny?\" I exclaimed. I waited a good five minutes before he calmed down enough to answer me, \"He could never leave you. He's crazy about you.\" He assured me, I rolled my eyes. \"That doesn't stop him from falling in love with someone else! It happens all the time!\" I exclaimed. Tom rolled his eyes. \"Trust me, he'd never leave you… If he did, I'd kick his ass.\" He said. I let out a laugh. \"Yeah, whatever you say Tommy.\" I said. He faked hurt, placing his hand over his heart \"You don't think I could kick his ass for you? You think you're the muscle of this friendship?\" He asked, I gave him a knowing look. \"Okay, dumb question. But it does hurt... To the core Rory... To the core.\" He said, I laughed and punched him weakly \"Anyway, I'm gonna go send him up here. We're leaving soon. Mom wants to get back before it's too late.\" He said. I nodded and he got up and grabbed my bags from my bed and walked out. I sighed and pulled my legs up to my chest and rested my chin on my knees. \"Hey baby.\" Jake's voice sounded from the doorway, I jumped a little and looked at him. \"Hey.\" I smiled. He walked over and pulled me up and engulfed me in a tight hug. \"I can't believe the summer is almost over.\" He admitted, kissing the top of my head, \"I know.\" I muttered in agreement, hugging his waist. \"But we're going to see each other as soon as we can.\" He assured, pulling away to look me in the eyes. \"Hopefully.\" I breathed out. \"I promise.\" He said. I nodded and he kissed me lightly. I instantly kissed back, he pulled me tighter to him. \"RORY! WE'RE LEAVING!\" Hannah's voice cut through the air, ruining the moment completely. We pulled apart slowly. \"I guess we should get down there.\" I said. He nodded regretfully and kissed me again. We pulled apart and he grabbed my hand and we walked downstairs after I made sure I had everything. \"Ready?\" Mrs. P asked. No. I shrugged. \"As I'll ever be.\" I replied. She gave me a small smiled before walking out the door. I was so shocked when the adults found out, they were so cavalier! They were just like 'Oh, okay, we're watching you'. It was so bizarre…. Jake and I followed her outside, where the rest of the family was saying goodbye. I hugged the twins tightly. \"Behave yourselves and keep an eye on your brother for me.\" I chuckled. \"We will.\" They replied, grinning. I smiled and hugged them once more and then turned to Nana . \"It was nice to see you again dear.\" She smiled, I smiled back and hugged her then Nate. I hugged Jake once more and climbed into the car after Tom and Beth. Since the whole Ricky issue, Beth and I have gotten closer and she's nicer. As Mr. Pearson started the car, I looked back at Jake. He flashed me a sad smile which I returned with a small wave, my eyes didn't leave him until he completely disappeared from view. I turned back forward and rubbed the tears away as they started forming, while also faking a yawn, to make it seem like I was tired. \"Rory, are you staying the night tonight?\" Tom asked. \"Yeah, I doubt my parents are back from whatever they're doing.\" I replied. Or if they will even come back…. \"All right.\" He said. I nodded and grabbed my iPod and put it in my ears. After about an hour, the earpiece was ripped from my ear. \"Hey!\" I exclaimed. \"Calm down. We're watching a movie. Mom and Hannah are asleep, it's up to us.\" Beth explained, grinning at the last part. I smirked and grabbed the DVD case. You see, we have to keep the movies G- PG-13 with Hannah and Mrs. P around. Mr. P doesn't really care what we watch, as long as we don't recite the language around him. \"Okay, we've got The Hangover, Boondock Saints, Boondock Saints 2, Epic Movie, and well… That's it… Where's all the good movies?\" I asked. They laughed. \"Mom usually checks the cases. We're lucky we got those.\" Beth replied. \"But you're 17, shouldn't you be able to watch what you'd like?\" I asked her. \"You'd think so, but I still live at home.\" She said \"Oh, okay. That's understandable.\" I replied. She nodded \"All right, hand me the movie.\" Tom demanded. We both looked at him, \"Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.\" I said, passing him the movie. \"No, I just don't feel like listening to chick talk.\" He snapped, snatching it from my grasp. \"Well then!\" I gasped. \"Besides it wasn't even chick talk. This is chick talk. So, Rory. What do you think of Sean Farris?\" Beth chimed in, turning to me with a triumphant smirk. \"Oh my God! He's freaking gorgeous!\" I exclaimed. \"Oh no…\" Tom groaned. \"What about Penn Badgely?\" She asked. \"Oh, sexy!\" I laughed. \"Okay, okay, stop!\" Tom said, placing his hands over his ears. \"Crybaby.\" I scoffed. He glared at us before placing the movie in the DVD player and handing us each headphones. \"Headphones?\" Beth asked. \"In case Mom wakes up and hears the movie.\" He explained. \"Smart.\" I said. \"I know.\" He smirked. Beth and I rolled our eyes and placed the headphones on our heads. Sometime during the movie, I fell asleep. When I woke up, it was lunch time. \"We're stopping at Golden Corral.\" Tom informed, I nodded and checked my phone. I had a text from Jake, I smiled and opened it. Hey baby, I miss you all ready. I'll call you tomorrow. (: I'll be driving so idk when I can text you. But I will when I can. Love you. He sent it at 11:20, it was only 11:45, we had left around 5 in the morning. I sighed and replied. Hehe, that rhymed. I'm a poet and I didn't even know it. Haha, oh. Sorry. Back to the story. I miss you too babe. I hope we can see each other soon. And okay, be careful. Love you too. I plugged my phone into it's charger and leaned against the window \"Are we there yet?\" Hannah whined. Just as she said this, we pulled into the parking lot. My stomach let out a loud growl. After lunch, we spent the rest of the time on the road and we finally got back home at 3:30. After unloading the car, it was 4:45 and Beth, Tom and I were bored. \"Hey, look who it is…\" I said, pointing to the yellow car that was driving by with my cousin. We had up in Tom's room unpacking. \"I wonder where he's going.\" Beth said. \"Let's go find out.\" I smirked, holding up the control that still connected to the mind plug in his neck. \"Hell yeah!\" Tom laughed. We all put on our shoes and ran out the door. After a few minutes, we found Ricky's car. Parked outside of a house. We crept up to the porch and hid, I pulled out my cell phone as Ricky walked up the stairs with some flowers. \"What's he doing?\" Beth asked. \"We'll see…\" I muttered. He rang the doorbell and a female answered. \"Annie!\" He yelled. \"Ricky! I thought you were at your lake house?\" She exclaimed. \"Well vacation ended early, so I decided to stop by. So come here and give papa some sugar!\" He handed her the flowers and went to kiss her, but stopped. \"Whoa oh, ladies.\" He laughed \"It's girls night out!\" Annie laughed. \"But you could come… If you like dancing?\" She asked. \"Dancing?\" Ricky asked. \"Click it.\" Beth demanded Tom. He did and Rick straightened out. \"You ain't even seen dancing til you've seen Funky Ricky!\" Beth spoke. Then Tom began making him dance all around. He did a few twirls, then some hip thrust thing. I was dying laughing. Beth and Tom switched. \"WEDGIE TIME!\" He exclaimed, pulling his pail pink underwear up out of his pants. Then Tom had him climb on to the railing. \"CANNONBALL!\" He shouted, jumping down. \"Hey guys, I think he's hungry.\" I laughed. Tom made him snatch the flowers from Annie's hand and take a huge bite. \"Turn him off!\" Tom said, Beth hit the button and he turned normal again. \"Ricky…. You're acting really… Weird!\" Annie hissed. \"What are you talking about?\" He chuckled, spitting out a mouthful of flowers. \"Back on!\" I said, she did and we made him grab a vase full of greenish looking water and made him drink it, then we made him look like he was a fountain. \"Time for the big finale.\" Beth said. She made him grab the railing and he swung on it and he landed on it, legs spread. I guess the pain jolted him awake because he returned to normal and screamed his head off. I cracked up even more, and then we heard a door slam. \"I guess it's over with Annie.\" Tom said. \"I'm so keeping this.\" Beth grinned we laughed again and watched as Ricky lay on the ground, in pain and possibly embarrassment. And what was even better? I got it all on tape! Talk about YouTube material! We took this as an opportunity to make a run for it before he saw us. We ran home, and walked in still laughing. Mr. and Mrs. P were in the kitchen. \"Kids, where have you been? And what's so funny?\" Mrs. P asked. \"Funky Ricky!\" I responded through my laughter. They just shook their heads and walked away. \"We're going out to dinner! Be ready by 7!\" Mr. P called over his shoulder. None of us could reply though. Hey all! Sorry for the dalay! I've been super busy with school, plus my majors writers block! That explains the suckiness of this chapter and the terrible title for the story. Sorry for that... Tell me what you think. It will get better, I promise. And for the people waiting on my Little Vampire story, it will be posted later tonight or tomorrow. (: Much Love. Rheyyy![Chapter 2] Chapter Two: One Weird Day. I sat in the Pearson's living room, playing Black Ops and eating a Pop Tart. Normal sounding? Ha. Not so much. I was doing these things, upside down. Yep, I'm just that cool. \"Rory, what the hell are you doing?\" Beth asked, plopping down next to me. \"Adding a little spice to my life.\" I replied, not taking my eyes off the screen. \"By playing video games upside down?\" She asked, clearly confused. \"And eating a Pop Tart. At the same time.\" I said. \"Whatever, anyway, I came in here to tell you we're going to the mall. So let's go.\" She said, getting up and blocking the TV. \"The mall?\" I asked, pausing the game and looking at her the best I could. It was a Saturday morning, and one week left until school. God Summer flew… I hadn't seen Jake in 3 and it was driving me insane. I hated the fact he lived so far away. \"Yep, I wanna go shopping.\" She replied. \"Okay then… But I have cheer at 4:30. I have to be back by at least 4.\" I said. \"You will be. Let's just go.\" She said, I nodded and flipped off the couch, I got up and fell back onto the couch, feeling the blood rush back to my body. After I could sit up, I did and followed Beth to the car. We were the only two home since Mrs. Pearson was sick, so Mr. Pearson took her to the doctor, Tom was researching colleges and stuff at school, so he had left at like 6 that morning and I had stayed the night, then Hannah was at a friend's house. We loaded into the car and began driving to the mall, once there we hit all our favorite stores, and also got our nails donre. \"All right, well I think we can hit Auntie Anne's then get you home. It's 3:15.\" Beth said, I nodded and we booked it to our favorite pretzel shop, then ran to the car. We drove home and she dropped me off at my house. I checked my phone and saw Jake hadn't texted me at all….. Any other day, I wouldn't give a damn… But it was my birthday…. Yep… My birthday… Woo hoo… 16 years old! Eh… Not to great… \"Hello?\" I called \"Oh, you're home.\" My dad's voice sounded from his office, I slowly walked towards it. \"Yes sir…\" I said, leaning on the doorframe \"Your chores weren't done either.\" He said, not taking his eyes off his laptop screen. \"Sorry… I've been busy…\" I replied. \"Busy with what Aurora? It's not like you have a job or something useful to society. No, you're out whoring around with that Pearson kid.\" He said. \"Tom and I are just friends.\" I said, \"Could've fooled me, sneaking off to his house every night…Gonna end up pregnant..\" He scoffed, shaking his head. I rolled my eyes and checked my phone for the time. 4:15. \"I've gotta go… I have cheerleading…\" I murmured, straightening up and walking out. I heard him mumble something under his breath, but I ignored it. I walked upstairs to my room and quickly got my stuff ready for practice. After I was done, I ran downstairs and into the kitchen. I grabbed 2 Gatorades and a water. I heard a honk outside. I got to the door and opened, I turned back. \"BYE DAD!\" I yelled, I got no reply so I walked out. My friend Leah sat in her car, jamming out to Bruno Mars, I walked out in time to see her in the middle of the chorus for Grenade. \"Jamming out there Lee?\" I asked. She stopped and looked at me. \"I am, got a problem?\" She asked. I laughed and shook my head. \"Not at all. Jam away.\" I said. She laughed and we pulled out of the driveway. As we drove, I got a text from one of my team mates. \"According to Heather, we got a new girl…\" I said, \"This late in the season?\" She asked, I shrugged. \"Guess we'll find out why when we get there.\" I said. We finally made it to the gym where we practiced and we ran in to see our team sitting down on the mats, and our coach standing in front of them, her arm around a tall, bitchy looking, platinum blonde. \"And our last two arrivals are finally here! Come on girls, sit, sit. We need to get started!\" Coach Ginger exclaimed. We set our stuff down and walked over, I sat next to Heather and Courtney, two of my cousins. \"All right everyone. This is Vanessa Long, she'll be joining our team. She's new to town, so I want you to make her feel right at home!\" Ginger yelled happily. \"Now, I want you to introduce yourselves.\" She said, and one by one we all got up and stated the basics: Our name, position on the team, and greeting. Finally it was me. \"Rory, flyer, and welcome to the team I guess?\" I said, everyone else had already gone and taken all the greetings, so I was kind of out of luck on that one. \"All right, nice to meet you guys, I'm from Australia, I'm a base, and of course, I'm Ness.\" She smiled, her accent familiar sounding, I shrugged it off. \"Well everyone, group up!\" Coach exclaimed. We all got into our stunt groups, everyone's was full… Except mine.. We were missing Carli, my back spot. \"Oh, Vanessa, we found you a group already!\" Ginger exclaimed. I gulped again and shook my head violently. \"Rory, do you not trust her?\" Ginger asked. Hell no! She doesn't look trust worthy... At all... \"I-I-I-I-I d-d-d-don't… I don't k-k-k-know h-h-her….\" I stuttered out, in a lame attempt to get her to not put her in my stunt group. \"Just calm down… We'll be right here..\" Diego said, rubbing my shoulders. I nodded shakily. She smiled and walked over. We did a few warm up stunts and I was still breathing after those so, I began to trust her. Practice went smoothly after that, except a few times where I was almost dropped. By Vanessa. When Ginger wasn't looking. \"Good God, where the hell was Carli?\" I demanded. I was still shaking pretty badly as I grabbed my Gatorade \"She has food poisoning.\" Courtney said, looking up from her phone. \"Great, just great…\" I muttered, taking a sip from it. \"Come on, let's just go.\" Heather said, I nodded and we walked out to her car. \"Where am I taking you?\" She asked as we climbed in. \"The Pearson's, my parents aren't home.\" I lied. She nodded and we began driving. Truth be told, I dislike my parents very much. I was the mistake child. They wanted two. They had two, my older brother and my older sister. And they were perfect. The exact type of kids they wanted. Then… One drunken night… I came along. Then my younger siblings, Arie and Adam. We stuck together as far as getting along, seeing as how we have fended for ourselves since I was 6 and they were 3. Oh, well enough of my history… Time for the story. \"So, what do you think of the new girl?\" She asked. \"I don't know…. She almost dropped me like 20 times…\" I shuddered. \"Well, she's probably just out of practice. Give her a chance.\" She said. \"Not likely. As soon as Carli's back, Ness is out.\" I exclaimed, spitting out her name. She shook her head and pulled to a stop, I was surprised we were already there. I climbed out. \"Thanks.\" I said, \"Oh! By the way. Happy birthday!\" She smiled. I smiled back and shut the door I walked up the sidewalk to the front door, I checked the door, locked. Hm, that's odd. I told Tom I was coming over. He usually leaves the door open… I looked all over for the key until I found it. I opened the door and walked in. \"Hello?\" I called. Tom was walking down the stairs, buttoning up a navy blue shirt. \"Hey Ror!\" He said. \"Sup?\" I asked, as far as I knew, he wasn't going anywhere…. I guess I was gonna spend my birthday alone…. \"We're going out to dinner. For your birthday. I texted you.\" He said, \"You did?\" I asked. He nodded. I dug around my phone and saw he indeed texted me. 4 times. \"My phone was on silent. Sorry.\" I said. \"It's cool. You may wanna go get dressed, our reservations are at 9:30.\" He said, I nodded and walked up the stairs. I walked into the bathroom and quickly showered. After I was done, I threw on my jean shorts and t-shirt. I walked out and was greeted by Beth. \"What are you wearing?\" She asked. \"Clothes?\" I smiled. \"Inappropriate ones! We're going to Carducci's!\" She exclaimed. I gasped. That was my absolute favorite Italian restaurant! \"Really!\" I exclaimed. \"Yes! And I'm not letting my future cousin in law go out to the fanciest restaurant in that .\" She said, I laughed a little. She grabbed my wrist and pulled me to her room. She rifled through her closet before emerging, she tossed me a pair of jeans, and a white long sleeve shirt. I ducked to avoid being hit by them. \"Yeesh! Watch it will ya?\" I exclaimed. She ignored me and turned on her curling iron, and began going through her make-up. I shook my head and walked out to go change. I quickly did so and walked back to Beth's room. She instantly sat me down and began to do my hair and make up, 30 minutes later, I was ready. She curled my hair and covered up the scars the best she could. \"That scar stuff helped a little bit…\" She said. \"Yeah… But that still doesn't stop people from staring…\" I pointed out, I got up and walked to get my purse, I unplugged my phone form my charger and we both walked downstairs. I grabbed my beige UGGS and walked into the living room. Tom was in there with Hannah, watching Phineus and Ferb. \"Rory!\" Hannah exclaimed. \"Hi Hannah.\" I smiled. She ran up and hugged me. \"Happy birthday! I got you the best present!\" She exclaimed. I smiled. \"You didn't have to get me anything.\" I said, looking at Tom. \"Hey, don't look at me…\" He grinned. I rolled my eyes, Tom knew how much I hated getting gifts…. Not my thing… \"Kids! We gotta go!\" Mrs. Pearson called, we all walked out to the front hall and out the front door. We loaded up into the family SUV and began to drive. Once we got to the restaurant, \"Hello, I am Jean, do you have a reservation?\" The lady behind the booth asked, a fake smile plastered on her face. \"Yes…. Under Pearson.\" Mr. P replied. \"Oh yes.. Most of your party has already arrived.\" She said. \"Other people?\" I asked Beth \"You'll see.\" She smirked. I shook my head and allowed her to lead me in, \"Close your eyes.\" Tom instructed. I did as he told and he placed his hands over my eyes for good measure. We walked for a bit more and I was stopped. \"3.…2...1.\" Tom said, but it was to my left… What the hell? The person removed their hand and I saw the entire Pearson family, and also all my siblings, my Aunt, and cousins. \"Oh my God!\" I exclaimed. \"Hey baby.\" I heard the one voice I had been wanting to hear all day. Chapter two! Tell me what you think. I know it's probably not too good, but it's been on my computer. I just couldn't figure out how to go with this chapter, I kept rewriting it, over and over. But now that Jake and everyone are back, the story will pick up. R&R.; Oh, and I do not own Pop Tarts, or Black Ops. Much Love. Rhey. ","Summary":" One Crazy School Year. Summary: Summer's over, and school has begun. It's Junior year for Tom and R"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Accept It","Author":"Sparrow Worthy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6943361","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Accept It A/N: Hello everyone, this is a one-shot I wrote at five something in the morning, so of it's bad it's only cause I got no sleep. It was weird, Tom had know that, and he was always wondering what was wrong with him. At first he denied everything, he just couldn't accept it. But after a long time, he finally decided to just accept it and move on. Tom accepted the fact that he was gay and had his eyes set for some other guy, but that wasn't even the best part yet, the guy he would secretly stare at was none other than Jake. And he hated himself for it and he belittled himself for it. But he finally had accepted the fact that he was in love with Jake, his male cousin. It was lunch and Tom had found a nice quiet place to sit at underneath a fairly large Oak tree. He wasn't hungry, so he didn't have any lunch with him. Tom just looked up at the clouds and thought about everything and nothing all at the same time. \"Yo! Tommy boy!\" Tom twitched at the nickname, but lowered his gaze to the only one who called him 'Tommy Boy' \"What do you want Jake?\" Tom asked, he was tired and you could hear t in his voice. It was because Tom had recently been unable to sleep. \"You okay? You sound like your about to pass out.\" Jake sated \"Fine, just fine.\" Tom bit out. It sounded a lot more hostile than he meant for it to be Jake sat down next to the older, but may I add shorter, brunette. Making said brunette slightly more tense and nervous, although trying not to let Jake notice. Which he didn't. \"Why have you been avoiding me?\" Jake asked, breaking the silence \"I haven't been avoiding you.\" Tom said, although it was a lie. Because ever since he accepted he fact that he was in love with his male cousin, Tom had been trying to avoid Jake as much as possible, hoping that maybe with some distance his love would die down and eventually fade into nothing. \"Liar, I know you have, don't try to deny it.\" Jake said in an accusatory tone \"I don't know what your talking about, but I have to go.\" Tom said, he didn't let it show, but he was starting to panic. Jake didn't say anything as Tom stood up and left. As soon as he was out of the blonde teens view, Tom ran, he ran all the way to the back of the school. He had started hyperventilating and was trying to calm himself down Damn it Tom, what's wrong with you! he thought bitterly to himself. Unfortunately Tom knew he and Jake had Art, the last class of the school day, together. And how he thought of just skipping, he knew he couldn't. So with a sight Tom started walking to his last class just as the bell had rung. (Authors note: In Tom's school they eat lunch at two or something, leave me alone I'm home-schooled!) Once he entered the class his eyes automatically found Jake. But when the blonde teen looked up Tom blushed and quickly looked away, hoping Jake hadn't seen the blush that had crawled onto his face as he took a seat at his assigned table. Which just so happened to be the same table Jake was at. And how ever much Tom loved being near Jake, it also hurt because in his own mind, Tom wasn't good enough for anyone to date. Class had passed by fast and Tom didn't care, He just wanted to get away from Jake as fast as possible. The bell rang, Tom grabbed all of his things, and bolted for the door. He had made his way down to his locker when the face he wanted to see the least slammed his hand on Tom's locker door. \"Hey, Tom, whatcha doin'?\" Andy, who was known as the 'School Gay', said He was tall and muscular, but even though Tom was gay, he'd never date a jerk like that. It was well known in the school that Andy would go after any guy, gay or straight. \"None of your business.\" The brunette said, pushing the taller brunette's hand away so he could open up his locker Andy grabbed the smaller brunette's wrist and pulled him into the janitors closet when no one was lookng \"Let go!\" The smaller of the two said But that was all, because Andy crushed his lips against Tom's. Shocking him so much so that he couldn't move. But when he did finally regain himself he tried to push the larger male off, but that only cause Andy to push Tom into a wall with enough force to hurt for a good week. Tom winced as his back collided with the shelf behind him. With out any other Ideas Tom could only think of one thing to do. He opened his mouth and bit down hard enough on Andy's lip to cause the larger brunette to bleed. Furious, Andy pulled back, and backhanded Tom so hard across the face that he fell down. It brought small tears o his eyes because of the pain, but Tom couldn't cry, not in front of this bastard. Andy grabbed Tom by the hair and forced the smaller brunette up to his feet. Andy raised his balled up fist in the air and Tom closed his eyes waiting for the punch, but it never happened. Slowly opening his eyes, Tom saw that Jake had came just in time and riped Andy off of the smallest boy in the janitors closet. After Jake got several good punches Andy ran off to god-knows-where. \"You okay?\" Jake asked quietly touching the pinkish cheek, that had already started to bruise. This causing Tom to flinch backwards. \"Sorry.\" \"It's fine, I'm fine.\" Tom said. Just then a thought crossed his mind It's kind of like he rescued me like how a prince rescues a princess. The thought automatically making Tom blush a deep shade of red, and Jake giving him and odd look. \"Why are you avoiding me?\" Jake said breaking the silence. Tom just looked down \"I thought were were best friends, why can't you just tell me what I did wrong, so I can apologize and we can hang out again.\" Jake said and put his hands on either side of Tom's head, making said brunette extremely nervous. \"Y-you wouldn't want to know. You'd hate me if you knew.\" Tom said, a certain sadness filled his voice, as if his whole world had come crashng down around him. \"I can't hate you Tom, were like brothers.\" Jake said. but that was the worst thing he could have said to the already upset brunette, because a look of pain crawled into Toms eyes. And as he spoke his voice broke and his eyes started to water slightly \"You know, it was nothing, really. I doesn't matter.\" And Tom plastered a fake smile on, and tried to get away from Jake \"Tom, you look like your about to cry, it has to matter.\"Jake said not letting Tom get away \"It doesn't matter! Now move!\" Tom yelled, which startled Jake, but only made him mad at his cousin for not telling him anything \"No! You need to tell me what's wrong! If you hate me at least have the balls to tell me so! Your acting like such a girl with your mood swings and lame excuses!\" Jake yelled out. Tom looked down with wide eyes, as he grabbed the hem of his shirt and he couldn't help the tears from falling. Was it really so bad to be a little girly? Jake noticed the brunette crying after he heard the quiet sobs coming from the smaller teen, and it shocked him that Tom was crying just because of what Jake had said. \"Tom, calm down, it's okay, just stop crying.\" Jake begged \"I don't hate you.\" Tom whispered as he willed the tears to stop falling \"Then what's wrong?\" Jake asked in his sweetest voice \"Would you hate me if I said that I was in love you? That when ever your around me I get nervous and shy. I didn't want you to hate me so I thought that if I tried to distance myself from you I wouldn't love you anymore. But it hurt whenever I wasn't around you, and when you said we were like brothers i hurt to know that that was all you thought of me.\" Tom said as he wiped the remaining tears away with the sleeve of his shirt Jake just stared at the brunette, shocked at what he had said. Tom looked down and gripped he hem of his shirt once more. That's it, he hates me, he'll never talk to me again, I'm so stupid! Tom thought as new tears began to form in his eyes. but he felt Jake's hands grab his chin and lift it up so that he was facing the blonde teen dead on, and Jake started leaning in. Don't panic, don't panic! Tom tried to calm himself but when Jake kissed him he completely melted into the blondes touch. \"Please don't cry again Tom.\" Jake said with a small smile. Jake placed his hands on each of Tom's cheeks and the brunette leaned in on them, closing his eyes with a smile on his face. \"Come on, lets go.\" Jake said letting go of Tom's cheeks and grabbing the other teens hand, leading them out of the janitors closet. A/N: Remember people Read and Review! And if you want me to add more chapters just ask![Chapter 2] Authors Notes: I am glad at the reviews and messages I got so I am going to continue Accept It , I went away for a while and my writing style has changed somewhat. But I hope you all enjoy the story and I am glad you like it so far. It had been a week or so since Jake had kissed the short brunette. It was nice even if the two were dating in secret. Tom had seen a girl flirting with Jake earlier at school, it was unsettling and Tom had been quiet since third period. He had a million thoughts going threw his mind Who was that? Why didn't Jake walk away? Why didn't he tell her to go? Why hasn't he brought it up? Tom didn't want to believe that his boyfriend would ever cheat on him, but he and the girl seemed to be having a right good time. Tom didn't like it when Jake smiled at other people the way he smiled at that girl. It was the smile he gave Tom when they had first kissed. It was a smile he wanted to be just for him. It was silly to think that Jake was that type of person but Tom couldn't help it. Just like he couldn't help the fact that Jake, his boyfriend, had been flirting with a girl. Tom had always been one to over worry. But he was also possessive and he didn't want the taller teen to know that. The brunette looked up from his bed and at Jake who was on his computer looking at different music and bands for his I-pod. The brunette was about to say something, but stopped when Jake, himself began, not looking away from that damned monitor. \"You've been quiet.\" The blond stated bluntly. \"So have you.\" It was not a lie. Usually Jake was a ball of energy with a mile-a-minute mouth that wouldn't shut up. Jake turned in the swivel chair and was now facing the smaller teen. \"So?\" Tom was sitting criss-cross-apple-sauce and looked down at his legs, playing with the hem of his pant leg. The brunette wanted to say something, anything about what happened in third period, but he couldn't bring himself to say anything. Tom looked up and saw the blond roll his eyes and turn back to the computer screen. Maybe he'd rather be with a girl. Maybe he'd already gotten tired of Tom and was looking for someone else. Would he leave me to fins a pretty girl? Tom looked at his boyfriend. Jake was good looking, that was obvious, he could probably date any girl he wanted. So why hadn't he broken it off with Tom already? The blond seemed to be having a great time with that girl. Maybe he was waiting for Tom to break it off? It was the weekend and Jake had yet to mention anything that happened three days ago in third period. The brunette was getting annoyed and didn't like the fact the Jake was keeping this from him (even if he already knew.). \"Jake, we need to talk.\" The brunette said as he walked in front of the TV screen, hand on his hips and all. \"Tom! I'm going to die! Move!\" Jake shouted, trying to move his head in a way that didn't have the smaller teen in the way of his game. The brunette was fuming. \"No.\" He bit back and turned the TV off. \"TOM!\" Jake shouted. \"I said 'We need to talk.'.\" The brunette said, glaring at his boyfriend. Any protests the blond had died in his throat when the glare was thrown his way. Tom lead them into his room and away from anyone who might interrupt them. \"hat do we need to talk about?\" Jake asked, sitting on the edge of the bed. The brunette gave him another glare but spoke anyways. \"Three days ago, in third period, you were flirting with a girl. Why didn't you tell her off?\" Tom asked as he stared at his boyfriend. \"What? This is what this is about? You're a little jealous?\" Jake said looking a the brunette with a smile. The brunette glared at the taller male and Jake stopped smiling. \"Why did you keep on flirting with her? Why didn't you tell me what had happened?\" Tom asked, he had stopped glaring, but kept his gaze on the blond. \"It's not that big a deal alright? She was just playing around and I don't need to inform you every time I do something.\" Jake said in a casual tone. \"Oh, so if I just went around flirting with the first guy who looks at me you wouldn't have a problem with it?\" The smaller of the two bit out. \"Of course I would!\" Jake said, jumping up from his seat. \"Have you been flirting with any guys?\" the blond asked. \"Then if you can flirt with other people why the hell can't I? What's so special about you!\" The brunette said, giving his boyfriend another glare for the ump-tenth time today. \"Flirting with guys and girls are different! You can't just go around flirting with guys!\" Jake said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. \"But you can go around flirting with random girls? How is that fair!\" The brunette said. Jake didn't really know what to say. He hadn't been expecting this when Tom said they needed to talk, so naturally he wasn't prepared. \"Why is this so important! I'm sure you've flirted with other people!\" Jake spat out. It was the wrong thing to say, he didn't know it, but it was. Tom looked at him in shock at first, but the gave Jake his most deadliest glare he could muster up. \"I have never flirted with anyone before because i had you! I knew I didn't need anyone else because I had you by my side. So would you stop showing everyone that smile!\" Tom finally let it out. Without his glare wavering once. This wasn't really about the flirting, The brunette knew that the reason he was so upset was because of the smile Jake had used then he was flirting. It was the same smile he used after he had kissed the brunette. \"Smile?\" The blond asked incredulously. \"That damn smile! You used that smile when you were flirting with that girl! It was the same smile you used when you kissed me! You big idiot!\" The smaller one said. It clicked, the blond realized what this was about now. He walked over the the brunette and hugged him around the waist. \"I'm sorry, I promise I will never smile like that to anyone but you.\" Jake said kissing the brunette on the forehead. \"Whatever.\" Tom said, his face turning a deep shade of red. \"Love you too.\" Jake said as Tom rested hit head on the taller boy's shoulder. ","Summary":" Accept It A/N: Hello everyone, this is a one-shot I wrote at five something in the morning, so of i"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Not-So By The Book","Author":"The What-If Writer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8627727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Not- So By the Book. RIGHT before anyone reads on I want to make clear that I'm fed up with all these fics about girls falling in love with one of the Pearson boys. Honestly, they all started the same way: Some friend of Toms sitting in his room chattering about his grades. Now not all of the fanfics are tiring. That one by CheeleaderGynasticGirl? Hilarious. The main character was badass and her comebacks were witty. Cheers to you, Cheerleader. But some of the others...and the incest ones? really, incest? I mean...not my thing. *shudders* Anyway I freaking Love those Aliens. So I decided, heck, How about some originality? I'm being original because I like being original. ANYWAYS... \"Really, not looking to shove the blame on anyone, but that last mission? it was completely her fault.\" \"Ha. Yeah right mister drop the grenade ...\" \"Listen on yourselves!\" The commander's voice cut through their conversation with all the sharpness and quickness of a newly polished knife. Commander Skip of Squadron D stood with his hands on his hips, scowling at (or rather, up) at his two higher soldiers who's banter seemed almost like a second instinct. It was as if they couldn't help it. It was this constant bickering that sabotaged most of their missions, which was the most common reason Skip tried to get them to do individual tasks that did not require either of them to interact. At all. But, this was invaders work and sadly it involved a lot of interacting. \"Are you two completely unaware of the importance of this mission?!\" The elder Zirkonian asked them in an aggravated tone while rubbing his temple. He could certainly feel a headache coming on... \"Um. Of course, sir!\" Tazer straightened up proudly. Razer rolled her eyes at the action. \"He doesn't.\" \"W-well, you don't either!\" \"Shut up the both of you!\" The commander forced himself to calm down and sighed deeply. \"The importance of this mission is that Zirkon is in desperate need of resources, all of which \" He put emphasis on the last syllable as he spotted the two glaring at each other, using a harsh tone to get their attention back \"Are on this planet that we are approaching. Understand that?\" \"Yes sir!\" Tazor and Razor stood up straight and shouted the reply in unison. \"Good. Now get out of my sight until we arrive. Go and keep an eye on our status. Tazor, keep and eye on Sparks, where ever that soft-headed rookie's wandered off to.\" \"Yes, sir!\" The commander turned his back and stared grudgingly out the window and into the vast emptiness of space. Honestly, they could argue for an hour over the colour of the sky back in Zirkon...Tazor and Razor (again, seriously, how did two people with such similar names end up in the same team and also view each other with utter loathing?) Were handy soldiers, but Tazor had the brain of a Slycolian bug and Razor had all the sarcasm of an annoying adolence. How by the rings of Zirkon had he got stuck with them? And of course there was the engineer. Usually the most critical part of an advance team's operation, it was ironic in how useless they could be at times. Skip chuckled darkly when he remembered ' engineer previous' , another soft-headed pacifist who used the term 'not that bad' to describe a Slycolian creature a second before its jaws clamped shut on him. That particular story kept Sparks in line. Timid, soft-spoken yet somehow talented, Skip had absolutely no idea how he got into the Invader Force at all. Oh well. He was stuck with these three misfits on their way to a critically important mission. Might as well get on with it. He grumbled to himself, crossing his arms. One thing's for certien. If I hear another argument from those two I'll bash both of their heads together and see if it knocks any sense into them... \"You heard him, numskull. We're on an important mission so you just stay out of the way\" Tazor growled in annoyance from his position beside the control panel. He had just come in from finding Sparks (he had dragged the four-armed engineer in and thrown him over to the side somewhere) where Razor was filing her lethal nails. \"The commander never said that. And anyway, If anyone gets in the way, it's you and your pretentiousness!\" Razor feigned a gasp \"That's a big word for you, numskull. Maybe you should go lie down, you'll hurt yourself\" \"Why you-\" \"Um...Guys?\" A timid voice piped up. Both Zirkonions turned slowly, dangerously, to face its owner. Sparks cowered back slightly, holding up all four appendages to ward off any insults. No such luck. \"You stay outa this, rookie.\" \"Yeah, Sparks, why don't you go...be a nerd somewhere else?\" Both of them laughed scornfully at his slightly hurt face. Sparks frowned and turned, slowly making his way away from them and to the other side of the room. It was strange, he thought, how two people who argued constantly could possibly find something they agreed in. Then again, it had been an insult. A lot of Zirkonians liked insults nowadays. The engineer sighed turned his thoughts to the poor inhabitants of the upcoming planet. He didn't think it was necessary, all this violence. But they did need the resources ..but couldn't they find another way that didn't involve taking it from someone else. Sparks groaned and rubbed his temples, frustrated with his morality battled. Maybe I'll just have to see it through. After all, my family needs to to do this job... His thoughts brightened at the memory of his family. He decided that he'd get this horrible ordeal over with and get back to them as soon as possible. OW MY NECK. Woot, first chapter is up folks. These Aliens are great to work with... Please review![Chapter 2] Author's Note. Alright, I may be putting this on hiatus or maybe even discontinuing it if no one is reading. I really liked this film despite the lame reviews it got from people, but the thing is its no worth putting the chapters up if no one well say if its good or giving some feedback. Heck, I don't even think anyone has read this. Ah well. Just be assured that the next chapter may not come for a long time (or not at all) if people haven't noticed this. BUT If people are indeed reading this then please say if you are looking forward to another chapter.[Chapter 3] What's this? PEOPLE ARE ACTUALLY INTERESTED IN A ALIENS IN THE ATTIC FANFIC THAT DOESN'T HAVE INCEST, PAIRINGS WITH PEARSONS OR MARY SUES? I honestly never expected to get reviews for this. BUT Here they are and they're people who agree with me. So, I uploaded the second chapter. I honestly have no idea were this story's going- there's a lot of different ideas I have, Ah well, please review and enjoy! Chapter 2: Equipment and Pods Clink, Clink, Clink. The robotic controls sent its sharp, alarm-like signal reverberating through the once still air, creaking the stiff knobs of the controller back into motion. A single, glowing blue light radiated from the small device in the slightly dark cockpit. The Commander allowed a small chuckle to himself upon holding such advanced technology- that is, for them. It wasn't everyday a Military Commander was allowed one of the newest in their technological advances...but then again, he was dealing with a slightly newer way of perpetrating planets. He frowned to himself and almost grumbled while doing so, slipping the controller back onto the control panel and turning towards the thick-glassed windows as he thought. Skip wouldn't pretend he wasn't in his youth anymore, but what bugged him to great extent was that older methods had worked for him in the past- that's why he lived so long in the Commanding profession. But not, however, things had gone a little down the slope. The Commander blamed it more on the two ruffians he called 'troops' more than the method, though. Darn pieces of- \"Ooff!\" The unmistakable sound of tripping followed by a painful clatter brought the annoyed Commander away from his thoughts. Hands placed behind his back, he looked over his shoulder and sneered upon seeing the youngest member (and newest) of his troop, who'd wandered off a little while ago. \"Sparks!\" The sharp bark literary made the younger male jump to his feet, and a single pair of arms fiddled with their fingers while a third went up to his head in a shaky, unsure salute. \"Yes, Commander, sir?\" Skip rolled his eyes and resisted to urge to face palm at the sorry, shaky state of the engineer. Of all the spas he couldn't got, the military sent him this one. They were truly trying to get rid of him, weren't they? Cutting those thoughts aside, he continued, \"What's the status report?\" \"Oh!\" Sparks fumbled with a small device on his arm, examined it quickly before looking back at him with some sort of enthusiasm of doing something right, \"We are almost at our destination, sir. Just a few more hours until we r-reach the planet...\" Skip didn't miss the way the younger's voice trailed off, but paid it no mind. \"Good.\" He stated curtly, \"Now, were are those other two? They should be preparing the landing pods-\" \"Landing pods prepared SIR!\" Skip frowned and looked over to find a smug Tazor standing in the doorway, his gun (unnecessarily) slung over his shoulder in a pure show of arrogance. Razor pushed past him, rolling her eyes as she did so. \"He means, Sir, that he helped a little. Give him a snack.\" Sparks only managed to stifle a laugh- and lucky for him it was only the Commander beside him who'd heard it- and even he allowed the corner of his lips to curl a little at Razor's words. Tazor growled loudly as the female examined her sharp, long nails with a snide smirk on her face. \"Yah- Well-\" He struggled to find a suitable comeback, \"Just 'cause you hogged all the controls with your overly sharp fingers!\" Razor rolled her eyes yet again and him, \"You wouldn't know controls from a Game-Video Controller.\" \"Why you-\" \"SHUT UP!\" During their banter, a certain Commander's temper had boiled to the point. Sparks took a few, hasty and inconspicuous steps back to avoid his wrath, and was now standing with his eyes as wide as plates and grimacing at the scene. Tazor and Razor had frozen on the stop like they usually did when told (loudly) to stop. The Commander clenched his fists and forced himself to calm down. \"Alright, you two.\" He said slowly, \"I don't care if you hate each other more than alarm bells in the morning, I am ordering you to work together or you'll BOTH be on pluming duty in Sector Six for the rest of your lives!\" The two stiffened, and with a slight panic in their eyes, stood straight in a soldier-like manner. \"Yes sir!\" The chorused. Skip placed his hands on his hips and rose a brow. He highly, highly doubted it. Then, he noticed Sparks staring at them uneasily. \"Get that look off your face, Sparks.\" He barked harshly at him, causing the younger to cringe slightly, \"You look more of a weakling with that face than you already are!\" An offended, slightly angry mirth invaded the Engineer's looks as his two troop comrades snickered at his expense. \"Alright, Squad. If our calculations are correct, we are nearing our target. Now we all know how to drive, and land,\" He eyed Tazor angrily, and the later rubbed the back of his head uneasily, \"These things properly. Now we all know what to do, and for the Love of the Rings, we're going to do it right this time!\" \"Yes sir!\" \"Good. Now get out of my sight, your all giving me a migraine!\" XD Moody Commander is Moody. Please review. ","Summary":" Not- So By the Book. RIGHT before anyone reads on I want to make clear that I'm fed up with all the"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Secrets in the Attic","Author":"katie on the block","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5521975","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I love 'Aliens in the Attic' so I thought I'd make a fan fiction on it. I have to tell you, it's probably not going to be great, but I'll definitely try my best. The whole story is in Bethany's point of view. I don't really know how to explain this story, but you'll understand why I named it this probably pretty shortly, but if you don't, just keep reading. It's not really a secret, or even the point of the story, lol. I just think it'd be interesting if you guys try to guess why I named it. SECRETS IN THE ATTIC CHAPTER 1: DOTING DADDY I never could figure out what the hell possessed those creepy mutant aliens to invade our vacation house. It's been an unknown factor since it all happened. Hannah's little four-armed friend came back a few days ago to visit. Of course, our parents are still oblivious. How he found our house is beyond me. He is pretty smart, though. Maybe he used MapQuest or something. Who knows? It's been a year since the invasion happened. We don't go to that house anymore. It's a shame, really. I loved the pool. We have our own now, though. I convinced Hannah to use her super cuteness to get Mom and Dad to give in. I love having a sister so much younger than me. I have to admit, she gets annoying as all hell, but I love her to death. She's really not that bad. She's eight now, and she's getting smarter every day. I think of her as if she's my daughter. Speaking of… I think that's my little rugrat crying right now. \"Bethy!\" Hannah shouted. \"Nicki's crying!\" I sighed and closed the screen of my laptop, pushing myself up from my chair. Making my way out of my room and down the hall, I could hear Hannah's attempts to get Nicki to calm down. Sometimes she was really good at it, but at times like this, Nicki wouldn't stop crying until she got fed. I walked into the green and pink nursery that Nicki currently resides in and I walked over to the crib that my screaming infant was in. I picked her up gently and kissed her head, patting her bottom lightly. I knew she'd hate me for this, but her diaper was so wet it soaked through her pajamas. I had no idea a baby could pee that much in just a night that only lasts six hours for her and Mommy. \"Want me to change her crib?\" Hannah asked. \"No, I'll do it after I feed her. If you would, take the fitting sheet off and I'll throw it in the washer in a little bit,\" I said laying Nicki down on the changing table. Her screams got louder and I tried my best to get her wiped down and changed. I guess she didn't really need a wipe bath but I didn't want her to smell like pee. That's one of the things I hate about some young parents, aside from myself. They don't have the common sense to wipe their child down after an accident. I'll give her a bath after she eats, of course. She gets two baths a day unless something goes wrong. Then, she gets extras in between. If she's really cranky, I'll put her in the water several times a day. She loves getting baths. I picked Nicki up after putting on a new diaper and putting her into some thinner pajamas. It gets pretty cold at night, and it's still cold during the day, but the thicker pajamas weren't necessary for the day. I sat in the rocking chair in the corner of Nicki's nursery and I laid her down in my arms, unbuttoning my own pajama shirt. I unclipped by nursing bra and smiled, kind of in relief, when Nicki started sucking on my breast. I loved nursing her. It was one of my favorite times with her. \"Beth, how come you don't give her bottles?\" Hannah asked, appearing next to me. \"Because she's still little. She'll be on the bottle eventually, but breast feeding is more nutritious and it comforts her,\" I explained. \"How come me and Mom aren't allowed to feed her?\" \"Because you're not old enough and Mom doesn't lactate.\" \"What's lactate?\" \"Go ask Mom.\" I watched Hannah run out of the room and I laughed a little, looking at Nicki. I ran my hand over her head lightly and kissed her forehead just as Tom walked in. \"Hey. Ricky just called. I told him you were busy,\" Tom said. \"He can call someone else. I don't want to talk to him, he's a jerk.\" \"You realize this three weeks after he ditched you in the delivery room?\" \"Shut up.\" After Ricky's charade with Annie, he conjured up this huge apology and I was suckered in again. I know, pretty stupid, right? Well, most of the reason I got back together with him was because after we broke up the first time, I found out I was pregnant. People asked me if I was sure Ricky was the father. He had to be. He's the only person I've ever had sex with. We were together throughout the rest of my pregnancy, but then when I went into labor, he took me to the hospital and helped me get checked in. When it came time for pushing, he told me he had to call his parents real quick, and I believed him. I never saw him again. Today's actually the first time he's called since Nicki was born. \"Sorry,\" Tom said. \"How's she doing?\" \"Good. She's eating.\" \"Yeah, I saw that… Can I be honest with you about something?\" \"Sure.\" Tom was quiet for a few seconds. \"When you told me you were pregnant, the first thought that went through my mind was 'Beth can't be a mother, she can't even handle Hannah'.\" \"Gee, thanks, Tom.\" \"Let me finish.\" \"Fine.\" \"I saw changes between you and Hannah. You guys got closer and you involved her in everything you and Ricky did.\" \"Not everything. There were some games in the bedroom she isn't allowed to witness.\" \"Funny.\" \"I'm sorry, go ahead.\" \"When I saw how close you and Hannah got, and how much you took care of her, by the time you had Nicki, I was convinced that you'd probably be the best mother in the world.\" \"And?\" \"And, I was right. You're doing an amazing job, Beth… You don't complain when you can't go to sleep because she's fussy. You don't complain about it being hard. You don't complain about not having someone there to share it with.\" \"That's because I do have someone there to share it with.\" \"Who?\" \"You. Everyone. Mostly you and Hannah.\" \"Really?\" \"Can I be honest with you now?\" \"Yeah.\" I looked at Nicki for a few seconds and let out a small breath, looking back at Tom. \"Last year, I thought you were the most immature person in the world. When I told you I was pregnant and you told me that you'd be there for me no matter what, I saw someone completely different. I saw a caring big brother instead of the annoying little brother I thought you to be all those years. In the delivery room when Ricky left, and you held my hand and told me that I was gonna be okay and that the pain would stop, even though I was cursing at you and screaming so loud I could have deafened, it reminded me of a father that cares. I mean, you're her uncle, but you've been a father figure to her since she was born. Before that, even. You got to do everything the dad gets to do. You got to help the doctor deliver her, you got to cut the cord, you got to hold her first and bring her to me. In the middle of the night, when Nicki cries, but stops three seconds later, I know you're in here talking to her, singing to her, telling her that everything is okay because you're there and nothing will happen,\" I said as tears filled my eyes and my voice cracked. Tom nodded. \"Well, Ricky ditched you. It's only fair that I help. I love her.\" \"Will you do me a favor? It's not something a brother would normally do, but it's important to me.\" \"What?\" \"She has a check up at the hospital with her pediatrician tomorrow. Will you come with me and sign her birth certificate?\" Tom raised his eyebrows. \"Me? Sign her certificate? As her father?\" \"Well, yeah… It doesn't make you her biological father; it just makes you the second parent with custody. I don't want Ricky anywhere near her. Not after the way he ignored her.\" Tom smiled a little and nodded. \"Yeah… I'll sign it.\" \"Bethy!\" Hannah said, running into my room. \"Bethy, wake up!\" she said, shaking me. \"What, Hannah,\" I muttered. \"Nicki's sick!\" \"What?\" I asked, sitting up. \"She's throwing up. A lot.\" I looked at my clock and saw that it was 4:30 AM. \"Hannah, what the hell are you doing awake?\" I asked, getting up from bed. \"I heard Tommy run into the wall.\" \"Go get your ass back in bed, child. Mom and Dad will kill you if they see you up,\" I said, walking out of my room. I walked into Nicki's nursery and saw Tom holding Nicki over his shoulder, patting her back. \"What happened?\" \"I don't know, I got up to go to the bathroom and I wanted to check on her. She was spitting up when I looked in,\" Tom said. \"Poor baby…\" I said, running my hand over Nicki's head. \"Think she's sick?\" \"She could have the flu… Maybe it's just an upset tummy. It used to happen to you and Hannah all the time.\" \"Could it be Colic?\" \"I don't think Colic makes you throw up. I think it just makes their tummy gassy.\" \"Should we take her to the doctor?\" \"Maybe… Should we do it now or in the morning?\" \"I dunno. The sooner the better, but we don't know if it's something serious or not.\" \"Well, let's go ahead and take her in. I'm sure the doctor can give us a diagnosis,\" I said, taking Nicki from Tom. \"Go clean up first. You stink. I'll get her cleaned up and get her in her car seat. The platform is in your car, so let's just go in yours.\" \"Okay. I'll meet you downstairs,\" Tom said, walking out of the room. Well, it turns out that Nicki just had an upset stomach. Tom signed the birth certificate since he was going to anyways, and now we're back at home. I decided to give Nicki a bath and I needed one too, so I just drew a bath and got in with her, only she was in her baby bath. Hannah got in with us because Mom and Dad went out of town for the day and Tom wanted to catch up on sleep, but I could tell that he was just sitting in his room, worrying about Nicki. He's such a good brother. \"Bethy, how come Nicki's sick?\" Hannah asked. \"Her tummy's just upset. She'll be better,\" I said, ringing out a washcloth over Nicki's belly. She loved baths. She was always so calm when she was in the water. \"How come?\" \"I don't know.\" \"Can I ask'ya somethin'?\" \"Sure.\" \"Is Tommy Nicki's daddy?\" \"Not really. Why?\" \"I heard 'ya talkin' 'bout it with him yesterday. You said he was like her daddy.\" I nodded, running my hand over Nicki's head. \"He is. He helps me take care of her.\" \"But, I thought Ricky was her daddy.\" \"He helped me make her.\" \"How do you make a baby?\" What the hell? I looked at Hannah for a few seconds. That's totally something she should be asking Mom and Dad, not me. If I explain sex to her, I'll get my ass kicked. \"Well, I… Um… Well, it's like taking care of a garden. You know, you dig in the dirt, plant the seed, and water it so it grows. It's kind of like that, but babies only have to be watered once.\" \"She grew in a garden? Like a Cabbage Patch Kid?\" \"Uh… Sure.\" \"Is it a sex thing?\" \"Yes, it is. And, that's why you'll ask Mom and Dad the embarrassing questions next time, because I'm pretty sure what I just told you is gonna get me grounded.\" \"Your story was better than mine,\" Tom said. I flinched and looked to the doorway. \"Hello! There are three naked ladies in here!\" \"Please, like I haven't seen any of you naked before. We used to take baths together.\" \"We were toddlers.\" \"I meant me and Hannah.\" \"Until she asked you what your penis was for.\" \"Hey, hey. You're a girl, you don't have that problem. You only have the headlights to worry about.\" \"Oh, please! They're breasts and Hannah's already aware that she doesn't have them because she hasn't hit puberty.\" \"Okay, okay. I give. Ricky called again. He said he wants to see you.\" \"Too bad. He can go with safe sex and screw himself.\" \"I thought you said he could barely reach the hilt because he's so small, you expect him to reach his a—\" \"Don't finish that sentence. Get out so we can enjoy our bath.\" \"Yes, Ma'am.\" \"Why does Tommy play with you like that?\" Hannah asked. \"Cuz, he's a boy,\" I said. \"Boys are icky.\" \"Yep. Boys are icky.\" Well, what do you think? Was it completely dumb? I thought some parts were pretty good.[Chapter 2] Jess: Thanks for reviewing! DanaKai: Their relationship reflects on mine and my brother's. I didn't like how far apart they are in the movie. I like closeness with siblings. SECRETS IN THE ATTIC CHAPTER 2: SOMEONE TO FALL BACK ON Well, I'm just about plain stupid. Most other days, I'd be accusing of others being stupid, but today it's me. Me, me, me. You know why? I finally talked to Ricky today. And, like an idiot, I fell for his 'I just want to apologize face to face' excuse. I know he really only wants to suck me back in. He wants one thing and one thing only; sex. That's the only reason he ever got with me. Once I started sleeping with him, he was more interested in me. Then, when I told him I was pregnant, he used my 'horny due to pregnancy' symptom to get me in bed. That lasted until I was about six months pregnant with Nicki; I was huge by then and I didn't feel right, having sex while I was pregnant. During the early stages of my pregnancy, Ricky confessed to me that one of the reasons he was with me was because I was an easy lay. It was heartless and it hurt my feelings, but whatever. His loss. So, right now, Ricky and I are sitting on the couch in the living room. Mom and Dad were out on a date and Tom was washing Hannah's hair. Nicki was laying in my arms, just gazing into my eyes as I stared at her. Ricky was 'pouring his heart out' and actually had tears running down his face, but I used that same thing on him when I was the one that wanted sex. I'd play a guilt trip and tell him I gave when he wanted, he could at least return the favor. I always won. \"…and I miss you and I don't want to live one more day without you,\" Ricky finished with a completely fake sob. I sighed and broke my gaze from Nicki. She immediately started stirring when I turned my attention to Ricky. \"Ricky, I'm not falling for your fake act. I invented that when I was five years old.\" \"Beth, please… I miss you.\" \"No you don't. You just don't want to pay child support.\" \"That's not true.\" It's true. \"Yes, it is. I'm not stupid, Ricky.\" \"Really? Why'd you name her so close to me?\" \"I didn't. Nicki is short for Nicolette.\" \"It's still close.\" \"It is not. Tell me why you're really here and be truthful for I'll let Tom get that paintball gun after your nuts again.\" Ricky looked at me for a few seconds, with a sort of fear in his expression. \"Okay, okay… I came back because Tom told me he'd report me for statutory rape if I didn't step up and help you with Nicki. I'll be honest with you, I want nothing to do with this, but it's my responsibility.\" Woo! He was honest! Oh yeah, oh ye—hey, wait a minute, did he just call my baby a 'this'? \"Our baby is not a 'this', Ricky! She's a baby! She's our daughter!\" I said, standing up from the couch. \"Okay, whatever.\" \"Whatever nothing, Ricky. I can't stand you. I can't stand being around you. But you know what? You're gonna come around, because if you don't want to have to pay child support and you want a potential life with me, then you'll be smart and step up to take care of your child.\" \"I said I am!\" \"Not because you want to! You're such an insensitive asshole, Richard; you care about nobody but yourself!\" I snapped, walking towards the stairs. \"Where are you going?\" \"Putting our daughter to bed.\" \"Let me do it.\" I looked at Ricky. He stood up and walked toward me, holding his arms out a bit for Nicki. I reluctantly handed her over, and started upstairs, leading him to my bedroom. Since Nicki was born, Mom and Dad decided that since I'd have most of my stuff and Nicki's stuff and my room was almost too small as it was. Most of Nicki's clothes are in her nursery, but I still had some stuff that was either too small or still too big for her, so I left her clothes in my room. I walked into my bathroom and took Nicki's baby bath out of the tub, putting it in the sink. I turned both knobs on at the same time and filled the baby bath with water before shutting the faucet off and turning it to the side. I'd given her so many baths I don't even need to adjust it, because I know exactly how far to turn it. I turned to Ricky and took Nicki from him, laying her on the counter. I took her clothes and diaper off of her before laying her gently in the lukewarm water. I took a soft baby cloth from the towel rack and got the baby wash from the rim of the bath tub, setting the wash on the counter and the cloth in the water of Nicki's bath. \"Be gentle, don't let the water or soap get in her eyes, and call for me if you have any problems,\" I said, walking past him to go into my room. \"How do I... clean her?\" Ricky asked, advancing toward the sink. \"Clean her?\" I asked in confusion, turning to face him. \"Yeah… I mean, I don't wanna hurt her.\" \"What? Ricky, you're giving her a bath.\" \"Yeah, I know, but how do I clean her… lady parts?\" I laughed. \"Okay, first of all, she's a baby; she's not old enough for a douche, so you don't have to worry about that for about eighteen years and she'll be able to do it on her own by then. Two, if you just wipe her very carefully a few times, before you put the soap on the rag, then that'll be fine. I'll look at her when you're done with her bath.\" \"Got it.\" \"I'm just in the other room. A simple 'Beth' will do the trick, I'll be in here in a flash,\" I said, walking into my bedroom. I laid down on my bed and stared at the ceiling for a few seconds. I couldn't help but think about Ricky. I mean, yeah, he's a complete jerk and a total idiot, but he's my daughter's father. He told me he's giving her a bath, he didn't ask me. That shows responsibility right there. In the little time he'd spent with her, he was falling for her and I could tell. He has that look in his eyes that he's really in love with her. Pretty soon, she'll be his pride and joy. In sixteen years, when she tells us she's lost her virginity to her tattooed, pierced, gothic boyfriend. When Ricky's strong wall crumbles, I'll be there for him. I'll be his someone to fall back on. That's not what I'm hoping will happen, that's just something I can imagine happening. I mean, if she's anything like me, then she'll go for someone that doesn't really love her. She'll pick up some asshole and convince herself that she loves him, even though he's verbally and emotionally abusing her. Maybe that's just me. Maybe I'm only imagining this because I went through it with Ricky. Maybe it wasn't going to be that bad. Maybe he really did change. My thoughts were interrupted by a loud squeal. No, that was a laugh. My baby laughed . And I missed it. She never laughed like that for me. She never laughed for me at all. She grinned for me. Most people say it's just gas when they're this little, but I think they're secretly planning to run off with someone their parents protest against to get married and have crazy, psychotic babies. Oh, there I go again. I got up from my bed and walked over to the bathroom door, leaning against the frame. I smiled, crossing my arms as I saw Ricky's smile and Nicki's feet kicking away. Her arms were moving rapidly and she was babbling up a storm, as if she were telling him a funny story. I grinned and walked over to my dresser, pulling out a digital camera. I turned it on and put it to recording mode, then pressed the shutter button to start the video. I walked back over to the bathroom door and pointed it to Ricky and Nicki, letting out a small giggle. \"What are you doing to her to make her freak like that?\" I asked. \"I rang out the wash rag over her stomach,\" Ricky said. \"Did Daddy make you laugh, Nicki?\" Nicki's feet kicked and the water splashed everywhere, making both Ricky and I laugh. I turned the camera off and threw it to my bed before walking over to the sink. \"Did you get her washed up?\" \"Yeah, she's done.\" I grabbed a towel and opened it, holding it against my body with my chin. I picked Nicki up carefully and wrapped her up a little, before returning to my room. I sat on the bed and laid her down, starting to dry her off. This is the part she hates. She gets curious about her 'girl parts' so I have to fight with her to keep her hands away. Her fingernails are sharp, so I only imagine that if she scratches herself accidentally it'll hurt her. I put my hand on her belly and got a small bottle of baby powder out of my nightstand drawer. I sprinkled some of the powder on her belly and spread it around on her body, before putting a new diaper on her. I put a thick pink sleeper on her and I picked her up, kissing her cheek. \"Are you hungry, Monkey?\" I asked, laying Nicki in my arms. \"Do you need me to get her a bottle?\" Ricky asked. I shook my head and lifted my shirt and bra up, letting Nicki begin eating. \"I nurse her. I haven't tried bottles with her yet.\" \"How old does she have to be for a bottle?\" \"Babies can go on the bottle the day they're born, I just chose to nurse her.\" \"Does she know who I am?\" I shook my head. \"This is the first time you've ever been mentioned. Tom's always been Daddy..\" \"…Oh.\" I heard the disappointment in his voice, but it didn't bother me much. It was his fault; he's the one that left. He could have stayed. But he didn't. It took about fifteen minutes before Nicki stopped eating, and once she did, I burped her and got her to sleep in a little over ten minutes. Ricky was still over by the time I usually went to sleep, but it didn't bother me. I wasn't tired. \"I should go, Bethany; I gotta be at work in the morning,\" Ricky said as we both stood up. \"Okay,\" I said, exchanging a hug with him. \"Can I come over after work?\" I nodded. \"Sure.\" \"Hey, Beth?\" \"Hm?\" \"Even if this whole thing doesn't work out… I'm trying, really… But, if it doesn't work, just remember that even though I can be a real jerk, I'll be there for you.\" \"Ricky?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Sam here. I'll be someone for you to fall back on.\" I watched him leave and I let out a sigh. I never expected Ricky to grow up so fast. Maybe it's not such a bad idea to rekindle.[Chapter 3] Jess: Thanks for reviewing! GimmeABeat: Oh, don't worry lol. I don't plan to. I don't like Ricky, so if they ever get together again (almost unlikely) it won't be for very long, so… lol. Itsi3: Lol. My cousins Lexie and Bubba still take baths together and they're 10 and 8. A little too old for a unisex bath, but that's their parents' fault. Thanks for reviewing! SECRETS IN THE ATTIC CHAPTER 3: STOOD UP AND PUT DOWN As I suspected, Ricky bailed on me when I needed him the most. I had an interview at the hospital to be a candy striper, and he called me that morning to tell me that he couldn't come because Annie was puking her guts out. I'm not surprised; she's probably pregnant. I know what's going to happen. She's going to tell him she's pregnant, he's going to be there for her until her water breaks. Then he's going to call three weeks after their baby is born and claim he's going to help and wants to be there for the baby, and then when Annie wants to go in for an interview for a job, he's going to bail on her, too. I hate him. I hate men. Just so I'll never have to endure this shit again, I'm giving up on sex completely. … Okay, I lied. I won't give up on sex. I can't do that. I get turned on way, way too easily and you probably didn't want to know that but I'm rambling and it's a disease so stop me anytime I get annoying. \"Bethy!\" Thanks, Hannah. \"Bethy!\" Oh, she was serious. Haha… I stood up from the floor and carefully stepped around the scattered paper, so I wouldn't step on it. I'd been putting together a scrapbook for three hours now. Nicki stayed asleep for about two and a half. I still haven't taken her out of her crib, though. I could hear her through the monitor and she was just babbling up a storm, so I knew she was fine. She probably needed a diaper change though. I hadn't thought about that. \"What, Han?\" I asked, walking down the hall. \"Where are you?\" \"In Tommy's room! Hurry!\" \"What's wrong?\" \"Tommy's not breathing!\" I ran the last two feet into Tom's room, and I knelt next to him, putting my ear to his chest to hear his heart. I could feel the thumping against my ear, but it was slow. \"Hannah, go call 911 and then do me a really big favor and put the rail on Nicki's crib down and change her diaper for me, on the floor, not in the crib, and then get her in her car seat and bundle her up.\" As Hannah ran out of the room, I tilted Tom's head back a little. \"Tom, can you hear me? It's Beth.\" I waited a few seconds, and I shouldn't have because I knew he wouldn't respond. I put my ear to his mouth and didn't feel anything, so I pinched his nose closed and covered his mouth with mine. I blew three long breaths into his mouth and I could see his chest rise and fall every time I did so. \"…And then the aliens tried to attack us all,\" Hannah's voice said, from the doorway. \"Hannah, stop telling people about the aliens, you're going to get me arrested!\" I said, looking at her. \"Tell them your brother's not breathing, our address is 6021 Trenton Lane, and your older sister is doing CPR.\" \"My brother isn't breathing, my address is 6021 Trenton Lane, and my older sister is doing VCR.\" \"CPR!\" \"She's doing CPR.\" She paused for a few seconds . \"Bethy, is his heart beating?\" \"Yes.\" \"Yes.\" Pause. \"Bethy, they're on their way.\" \"Good. Did they hang up?\" \"Did you hang up?\" Pause. \"Nope.\" \"Ask if they need to know anything else.\" \"Do ya needa know anything else?\" Pause. \"Nope, just making sure the ambulance gets here.\" \"Well, I hear sirens right now, so tell them they're here.\" \"They're here.\" Pause. \"Goodbye.\" I turned my attention back to Tom, and I blew into his mouth again. Only, this time he responded. Yeah, by vomiting. And I had my mouth open, talk about gross. It wasn't much, I actually moved, but he still got me. My mouth watered and I spit the excess saliva out of my mouth, before getting up and running to the bathroom. The second my knees hit the floor, I started vomiting, and I heard a knock at the doorway. \"Miss, are you alright?\" I coughed a little and looked up. Had to have been a paramedic because he was carrying a big and he was in a blue jumpsuit. I nodded slowly. \"My brother threw up.\" \"Sensitive stomach?\" \"I was breathing into his mouth…\" \"Oh, bummer… You're sure you're alright?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine. Thank you. He's the last room. He's breathing now.\" \"Good job, kiddo. I'll check on you.\" I nodded. \"Thanks.\" When he left, I had another vomiting fit. I hate getting sick. It's gross and it sucks ass. The aroma was never very pleasant, either. After a while, all of us were at the hospital. I'd called Mom and Dad—they were on another out of town trip—and they said they were on their way. Uncle Nate, Lee, Art, and Jake were heading down too, because they were closer to the hospital. Tom passed out shortly after he was put into the ambulance, and I'd been sitting in his room with him, while Hannah and Nicki were in the children's ward playroom, being watched over by an amazingly sexy male nurse. I stayed silent and played with my fingernails, glancing at Tom every so often. I couldn't help but worry about him. He's my little brother. We've gotten so close since Nicki was born. I was assured that Tom was fine, and that he was dehydrated and he needed sleep, but I still had to worry about him. What would have happened if it had been more serious? What if I'd lost him? What would I have told Mom and Dad about what happened? How would I explain to Hannah that it wasn't anyone's fault, and that he just didn't have enough water in his system? …How would I tell Nicki that her Daddy had passed away? I know I'm being dramatic. But hey, you saw our invasion with the little green guys; you should expect drama from me. Just as I glanced at Tom, I saw his eyes open, and I got up from my chair, hugging his with an unexpected sob. \"God, I was so worried about you!\" \"…What happened?\" Tom asked. I looked at him for a few seconds, tears freely flowing down my cheeks. \"You… You got dehydrated… You passed out or something. Hannah found you on the floor in your bedroom and you weren't breathing.\" \"Dehydration did that? Jesus…\" \"Tom, we were terrified.\" \"Apparently.\" \"I-I didn't know what to do. I did mouth-to-mouth, and by the way, it was the most disgusting thing I've ever endured, considering you literally puked in my mouth.\" Tom laughed. \"Maybe you couldn't have had your mouth on mine?\" \"I'd do it all over again, if it meant saving your life…\" \"That means a lot, Beth. Thanks.\" \"Anytime…\" \"What happened?\" Mom asked as she and Dad walked into the room. \"He was dehydrated.\" \"What on Earth possessed you to do such a thing, Tom?\" \"What are you talking about? He was dehydrated not taking drugs.\" \"He obviously wasn't drinking enough.\" \"Well, of course; he's not going to drink all day. And for the record, we had a belching contest earlier, so he did drink enough and for the record again, I totally won,\" I said, looking at Tom. \"Whatever, you wish,\" he said. \"I won. Fair and square.\" \"Nuh uh, you threw up.\" \"I did not.\" \"Just because you swallowed it doesn't mean you didn't do it. I did the same thing.\" \"Well, you lost.\" \"You lost first.\" \"I did not.\" \"Will you two stop? How did you get dehydrated?\" Mom asked. \"I don't know, how should I know?\" Tom said. \"Maybe the air in your head evaporated all the liquids,\" I said. \"That's a good one. That's really nice, coming from the Queen of Deedeedee.\" \"I'm not retarded!\" \"Yeah, you are, you just don't know it.\" \"You're unbelievable.\" \"You're predictable.\" \"I am not, I'm spontaneous.\" \"Yeah, in bed. Outside of bed, you're predictable.\" \"How would you know what goes on in my bed? There's never anyone with me.\" \"Exactly.\" Ooh, good one. ","Summary":" I love 'Aliens in the Attic' so I thought I'd make a fan fiction on it. I have to tell you, it's pr"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Words from the Dead","Author":"Lady Josephina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3304471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nov. 13th 1929 Vannacutt PsychiatricrnInstitute Patient File: (B) Name: BurrowsrnElizabeth A. Number: 75160B Age at Admission: 16 yrs. Symptoms: hallucinations, paranoia, self mutilation Notes: Patientrnsuffers from schizophrenia and acute depression. ECT and/or lobotomyrnrecommended. Use restraints liberallyrnif patient harms self. Time in Saturation Chamber may be required. That'srnme. Or that was me. It feels so long ago. When I first crossed thoserndoors, there was only a fragment of hope left in me. I still thoughtrnI could be saved. Someone could make the voices stop. WasrnI ever wrong. Incasernyou haven't figured it out already, I'm dead. I died in thesernwalls along with the others. Seventy years ago in the great fire thatrnburned this place alive. We're all still here... Irnwander these crumbling halls night and day. I don't see any of thernothers but I know they're here. I don't like to see them. The fearrnand hatred of this place has warped them into something horrible. Asrnif a chasm to hell opened in basement, releasing its menagerie ofrndemons. Irnwould have become one of them if it were not for something leftrnbehind. Arntypewriter. The only machine not used for pain in this vile pit. Thernhumidity has kept the ink preserved, but my paper supply is runningrnout. SornI have to use what I can. Even spirits get bored. Yournmight wonder how a \"ghost\" can use a typewriter. There's alotrnmore to spirits than what you think. We can manipulate our environment. Itsrnthe only way we get noticed. I'mrnrunning low on paper. So I'll amuse you with more records. Nov. 16th 1929 Vannacutt PsychiatricrnInstitute Number: 75160B Day: 03 Began water therapy.rnPatient restrained in water for three hours. 75160B expressed greatrnanger at session. Left in tub for extra hour. Removed from session atrn1:00 pm. Given shower to remove urine odor. Patient refused to attendrnlunch. Stayed in room for rest of the day. Day: 05 Scanned patient's brainrnwave patterns. Head Nurse Stockard monitored process. Placedrnelectrode sensors under scalp. 75160B expressed violence duringrnsession. Restraints needed. No sedatives administered. Data showed sporadic brainrnwaves. Schizophrenia diagnosis consistent was findings. Thosernfirst days were hell. But I had no clue as to what horrors lay ahead.rnIt wasn't just the agonizing \"sessions\". Behind these walls, Irnwasn't a person. None of us were. I still remember my old cell. Arnsimple bed and barred window. I bet my old hand prints are stillrnthere. They gashed me up something bad that day. Irnmanaged to find more paper. The electroshock room. Of all the sickrnplaces to store typewriter scrolls! The wires are dead now but theyrnstill make me feel ill. I also found one of the others there. GertarnFurlou lay shackled to the table with a rubber bite-gag in her teeth.rnHer empty eye-sockets staring right through me. She died on thatrntable. Vannacuttrnwas in one of his experimental moods. How much electricity the humanrnbody could endure. Her eyeballs exploded five minutes into thernsession. Normallyrnwe don't see eachother. If it wasn't for their wails, you'd think Irnwas the only one here. Gertie must really be lonely. Irnfirst started hearing the voices when I was fourteen. All day long,rnthey whispered demonic utterances. Filling my head with the mostrnunholy thoughts imaginable. For two long years, I lived with theserndemons. At times they even revealed themselves to me. Flamion has nornmouth and was covered in keloid scars. He told me to burn things. Moritzrnurged me to cut myself. His bleeding eyes gleaming whenever I slit myrnwrists. But Lin was the worst. Itrnwas she who planted the abominable thoughts. She told me my motherrnhad ripped my baby brother from her womb and baked him for supper.rnBecause of Lin, I never ate anything my mother cooked again. AfterrnI died, the demons never ravaged my mind again. It may have killedrnme, but I was finally cured.[Chapter 2] Nov. 20th 1929 Vannacutt PsychiatricrnInstitute Number: 75160B Day: 08 Began Electroshockrntherapy. Straightjacket was needed to bring patient to session.rn75160B kicked and screamed at the orderlies. Pliers were needed torninsert bite gag. Administered 5,000 volts. Patient bucked wildlyrnunder electrical shock. Fractured right leg and dislocated shoulder.rnBones were set and patient sent back to room. Day: 11 Patient showing signs ofrnself mutilation. Tried slitting jugular vein but did not succeed.rn75160B placed in Insulin coma for five hours. Nurse Stockardrnrecommended placing patient on suicide watch. 75160B relocated tornbasement ward. Day: 13 75160B has not eaten in arnweek. Orderlies moved patient to cerebral hygiene room for feeding.rnHad to place tube down the throat to deliver protein solution. 75160Brnattempted to spit on nurse. Tube was placed lower in esophagus. Patient vomited blood anrnhour later. Decided to wait a week before trying again. Godrnthat was awful. But that's the way Vannacutt ran things. You weren'trneven allowed to put yourself out of your own misery. Irnthought the jugular vein would work. A cut on the neck, a few minutesrnof dizziness, slip into a coma and never wake up. Easy. Butrnthat bitch Stockard caught me. Before I could cut any deeper, I wasrnwhisked off to the operating room for stitches. Thernhunger strike was even less successful. I hate throwing up. But somernof the Others were better at it then me. Mildred Harring loved tornpurge. She did it almost ten times a day. In her healthy days, sherncould have given Mary Pickford a run for her money. By the end shernweighed less than seventy pounds. Her pretty mouth completely eatenrnaway by her own stomach acid. Irnsaw her yesterday. She always stands in the foyer under that awfulrnstained glass window. Nov. 25th, 1929 Vannacutt PsychiatricrnInstitute Number: 75160B Day: 15 Patient still violent andrndelusional. Time in the saturation chamber recommended by Dr.rnVannacutt. Straight jacket was needed in the transport. 75160B wasrnvery combative. Decided to extend the time by another hour. Three Hours Later Patient was found in therncorner in fetal position. The eyes were glazed and unfocused.rnRestraints were not needed. Day: 16 75160B remains inrncatatonic state. Does not move, speak, or react when stimulated. Dr.rnJentzen recommended electroshock therapy. Patient bucked under thernshock but catatonia remains. Day: 20 After extensive therapy,rn75160B is still unresponsive. Cerebral scans indicate the brain isrnalive. Dr. Marr suggests a damaged area to the frontal lobe is thernproblem. The decision was made for the patient be prepped forrnsurgery. Evenrnin my present state, I don't remember much of what happened next. Irnknow Stockard drugged me, then I woke up. My head throbbed againstrnthe mattress. I had to move. I couldn't stay in my self-imposed deathrnany longer. Carefully I ran a hand across my head. A long,rncresent-shaped incision was held together with tight stitches. Thernflesh underneath felt hot and inflamed. I wanted to cry, but Irncouldn't. Something was blocking my emotions. A cellophane-like filmrnhad coated my brain, making me feel numb and dull. Vannacuttrnhad ordered the final solution. If I couldn't be cured withrnelectroshock or the chamber, my spirit had to be euthanized.[Chapter 3] I wish existing in a fogrnwould have been the worst of it. Anything was better than whatrnhappened next. While waiting for my consultation with Dr. Weaver, Irnfelt something warm running down my cheek. Blood! The sutures had popped offrnand my wound was bleeding profusely. Perhaps it was the haze or maybernI wanted to die. But I let the blood flow. It made a good puddle onrnthe clean tiled floor. I giggled like a schoolrngirl all the way to the operating room. This time the wound wasrnclosed with staples. I wanted to die so bad.rnEvery night I wished and wished to leave this world behind. I hatedrnwhat I had become. What they did to me. I wasn't Ellie Burrowsrnanymore. They hollowed out my insides and left only the shell. My wound had becomerngrossly infected. A hot swelling had formedrnnext to the wound. I could feel the infected fluid coursing throughrnmy veins. A dull pain had set up occupation behind my left eye. Atrnfirst it was just another inconvenience. But as the days wore on, thernthrobbing ache grew stronger. Instead of tears, my eye wept with pus.rnFighting against the pain, I pulled myself to a puddle of fetidrnliquid in the corner of my cell. It was no mirror, but it at leastrngave me a chance to see my reflection. My scream could be heardrnin all corners of the basement ward. I didn't have an eyernanymore. The organ had devolved into a cloudy, geletin-like massrnbetween two grossly engorged eyelids. Seething with rage andrnfrustration, I began to tear at my wrists with my own teeth. All thernwhile, I begged to be taken out of the world. And I would havernsucceeded too if those damn doctors hadn't intervened. But I wouldn'trnlet them heal me without a fight. Sometimes I see Nurse Detweiler.rnHer ghost still has the bite marks I gave her. Dec.rn8th, 1929 VannacuttrnPsychiatric Institute Number:rn75160B Day:rn25 Patientrnwas extremely violent en route to operating theater. Extra restraintsrnwere needed. Steel halo was placed on subject to keep the head fromrnmoving. Since the flesh was necrotic, there was no need forrnanesthetics. Thernleft eye, eyelids and the surrounding tissue was safely excised. Thernsocket was packed with gauze. That was it! The finalrnstraw! It wasn't enough for them to ruin my mind and destroy myrnspirit. No. They had to go and disfigure me as well. Even if I wasrnreleased, there would be no way to hide my eye. I had become arnmonster. A creature not even Lon Chaney himself could create. I wasrnfurious. Fantasies about dying no longer amused me. I wanted revenge![Chapter 4] There is one criticalrnerror Vannacutt and his staff did when it came to his patients. Hernunderestimated us. Because we were no longer human, they felt ourrnminds were too broken, too scrambled and too weak. But word wasrnspreading. For good behavior,rnpatients were allowed to have their meals in the cafeteria. Thoughrnits hardly what I would consider a privilege. Somebody was alwaysrncrying. Men and women sat before their meals with appalling injuries.rnSome were self inflicted. But a good many had been administered byrnthe orderlies. It's little wonder mostrnof us preferred to eat in our cells rather than face what Vannacuttrnwas doing to us. But in the cafeteria, we were able to deliver ourrnmessage more easily. Even the most catatonic inmates seemed to perkrnup at the idea of revenge. To this day, I am stillrnamazed at our ingenuity. Even in confinement, we managed to spreadrnthe word. Robert Kanon, another schitzo, came up with sort of MorsernCode for us to use while in our cells. All through the night, werntapped against a pipe or the door. I owe my revenge tornRobbie. Sometimes I still see him in the Cerebral Hygiene room. Hisrnbroken jaw dangles from his skull like a grotesque wind chime. I suspect the staff knewrnsomething was up, but for the most part, they were blind to us. All except Vannacutt. As we sent eachother ourrnhidden messages, the electroshock rooms were always in use. I shouldrnknow. I got zapped five times. Parts of my scalp got so burned, hairrnnever grew there again. But it didn't matter.rnNothing could stop us now. As much as we tried tornkeep our operation quiet, some patients even more angry then merndecided they couldn't wait any longer. Billy Bergren and some otherrnthugs attacked a group of nurses on the way to their next shift. Itrnwas a gruesome scene, but nothing to write home about. The worstrninjury a nurses sustained was the loss of a few teeth. Billy's revolutionrndidn't last long. About ten orderlies showed up brandishing clubs andrnsyringes. Vannacutt was quite pleased by the show of forcerndemonstrated on his unruly patients. Their broken skulls made it allrnthe more easier to perform lobotomies. At first we were all angryrnabout what happened. Mostly at Billy. If only he'd have kept hisrnmouth shut. But in the end, you cant blame him. William Bergrenrnwasn't what you'd call bright. After all, that's why he wasrnadmitted here in the first place. After the failedrnrevolution, The Vannacutt Hospital went on high alert. Every aspectrnof our lives was now under intense scrutiny. What little privilegesrnwe had were taken away. There were no more therapy sessions. Onlyrnelectroshock, lobotomies, and any other form of torture Vannacuttrncould think up. But there was one that terrified me the most. Callingrnupon a contractor, Vannacutt added a new feature to his ghastlyrnhospital. At the flick of a switch, steel plates closed down overrnevery window and door in the building. This frightened me more thanrnanything. If we took our revenge, there was no hope of escape. Win orrnloose, we would still be trapped inside this god forsaken place. I relayed my fears in codernto Robert. \"Are you saying yourndon't want to go through with this?\" he tapped. \"No\" I said. \"Irnstill do. But now may not be the best time.\" \"Remember what they didrnto you.\" \"It's too dangerous.rnWe may never get out. And if we do, we'll be caught.\" There was a long pausernbetween our replies. \"We're not gettingrnout, Ellie\" he tapped. \"But neither will they.\"[Chapter 5] Judgment Day had arrived. All afternoon we stewed in our cells, waiting for just the right moment to strike. The staff had to be caught completely off guard. So for much of the day, it was business as usual in hell. Unfortunately, this meant sacrificing one of our own to Vannacutt's whims. As punishment for the uprising, Billy Bergren became the subject of the good doctor's curiosity. Vannacutt wanted to study the internal organs of the insane. But he had grown bored of the many cadavers that kept piling up around here. No. He wanted to see the organs alive! I watched from my cell as Billy was strapped down to a gurney kicking and screaming. His head jammed into a wooden vise. I couldn't bear to think of what they would do the poor imbecile. But Robert's tapping code reassured my shattered nerves. \"Just a little while longer, Ellie.\" Jacob Burns made the first killing. While an orderly escorted him to the toilet, Jacob rammed a sharpened piece of scrap metal through the hapless man's throat. It was quick and surprisingly quiet. But orderly was stupid. Never trust a psychopath. Even when he's been on good behavior. Keys in hand, Jacob released me and a couple other patients from their cells. But we weren't going to rebel just yet. We needed a distraction. That's where Philip Kilbride came in. For the life and death of me, I cant imagine what they were thinking when the admitted Philip. A year younger than me, his only affliction was a violent case of epilepsy. Other then that, he was the most gentle and kindest boy you'd ever meet. And it was his placid demeanor that bought us some time to free more of our army. With all the innocence of a child, Philip stood before the nurses station. A burly looking male nurse was getting ready for his shift. To drown out the wailing of the patients, he turned on the Victrola. Nurse Beebe had terrible taste in music. It made me pine for the days my family and I would sit around the radio listening to Big Band broadcast. Agitated by his presence, Nurse Beebe looked up from sharpening his pencils to see Philip gazing at him from behind the glass. The poor boy wore a glazed smile one often sees in someone who's had electroshock. Seeing the Philip as harmless, the nurse paid him no heed and went back to work. That's when we struck! Nurse Beebe never knew what hit him. Jacob made short work of him with the help of Beebe's pencils. With the nurse dispatched, Robert and I set out to release more patients. It was during this mission, I got my first dose or revenge. Just by chance, we ran into Dr. Marr. The very bastard that ordered the lobotomy that cost me my eye. With all the strength that comes from rage and madness, I tackled him to the the ground and stabbed him in the eye with the keys. Just thought I'd repay him the favor. Before you get all holier-than-thou on me, know this. I didn't kill Dr. Marr. I didn't kill anyone. I left their deaths in the hands of patients who had been more scorned than I. I just wanted to take from them what they had taken from me. While I made my rounds about the hospital, I played a game in my head. How many nurses and orderlies I could blind in the course of our revolution. My favorite trophy came from Nurse Bowen. She had such pretty hazel eyes. Just like my left one used to be. I don't remember much of what happened next. Everything sort of blends into a haze. The once orderly hospital quickly devolved into a vortex of chaos. Mobs of patients roamed the halls, claiming every victim in their path. And we would have gotten away had Vannacutt not pulled the switch. In the midst of this maelstrom, the death knell of the steel plates sounded throughout the building. We were all sealed in. But like Robert said, so were they. While the revolution roared on, some of the patients got into the hospital archives and set about burning the files. That was the final nail in the coffin. The fire spread quickly. It was as though the flames had been fanned by all our pent-up anger. I remember standing in the electroshock room watching that infernal device being devoured by flames. The inferno inching ever closer towards me. But there was no use in running. In that spot, I let the fire feast on me. I laughed and wept at the same time. My wish was finally being granted. Atlast I was allowed to die. At that time, I was so full of hope. I would be taken away from all this pain. In time, I could even be reunited with my family... But this place had other plans. The Vannacutt Hospital doesn't want to be alone. We are all it's trophies. A testimate of the sheer evil man can do to his fellow beings. As I sit here alone, I often wonder if people will ever come back here. The populace see the hospital as a curse that can never be lifted. And because of this, the building still stands. But the world is changing. Every day, I stand in wait for someone to come back. To realize the full magnitude of what happened here. Maybe in the future, they will see what an awful blight this place is and destroy it once and for all. That is why I write these words. A ghost can use a typewriter, but we cannot tear down this hospital. To anyone who finds these notes, please, burn this place to the ground! I want to go home. We all do. Be our angel and set us free. ","Summary":" Nov. 13th 1929 Vannacutt PsychiatricrnInstitute Patient File: (B) Name: BurrowsrnElizabeth A. Numbe"},{"Movie":"House on Haunted Hill","Title":"Words From the Dead 2: Justice for Ellie","Author":"Lady Josephina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3806514","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Deanna Burrows didn't know why she wanted to learn. It could have been the way her father always grew tense when he talked about the family history. Or it could have been when the voices started... The moment Deanna made notice of her condition, Mr. and Mrs. Burrows wasted no time in getting her treatment. She had seen countless doctors and psychiatrists. There was the strict regiment of pills to soothe her ailing mind. \"We cant send her off to college like this!\" \"Her doctor said she's doing well on the medication. Besides, the school has a good therapist should she have a relapse.\" The sound of her parents arguing drew Deanna from her book. They seemed to quarrel more frequently since the diagnosis. Inching down the stairs, she listened in on their heated conversation. \"Don't give me that! The only thing those college psychiatrists can do is ship her off to the looney bin!\" Mrs. Burrows roared. \"Martha, you're being ridiculous-\" \"I WONT HAVE HER END UP LIKE YOUR GREAT-GRANDFATHER'S SISTER!\" That was it. The argument ended as quickly as it started. Deanna stood in a daze in the stairwell. And to think her father had sworn up and down that there was no history of mental illness in the family. Deanna locked the debate away inside her mind. ...Deanna... The girl awoke with a start. Her eyes clenched shut against the oppressive darkness of her college dorm. Like a crashing wave, a swarm of voices echoed in her head. But one voice shined out from all the others. It's tone soft and feminine, but full of pain. Help me, Deanna... Set me free... We are prisoners... Clutching her head, she sat on the edge of her bed until the voices gradually waned away to an indeterminate hum. \"That's it\" Deanna sighed. \"Enough is enough!\" Groping through the darkness, Deanna switched on her computer. It's welcoming chime shattered the desolate silence. To her relief, her slumbering roommate remained asleep. Her fingers danced across the keyboard as she scoured the internet for information. All the while, the flame of her parent's argument burned inside her head. There had to be something. Anything that could explain her unmentionable past. With a click of the mouse, a site flashed onto the screen.rnYour Entire Family Tree Deanna's hazel eyes were glued to the monitor. As she typed in her last name, she scanned every aunt, uncle, cousin and grandparent that came up. None were very auspicious. Each one marrying, having children and living to a ripe old age. Typical family outline. Elizabeth Ann Burrows: 1913-1931 \"You were only eighteen\" she murmured. \"What happened to you?\" Barely able to hold back her excitement, Deanna clicked on the link. A second page opened, revealing a black and white photograph of a little girl standing outside her brownstone apartment. Attired in the style of the day, a cloche hat sat neatly atop her bobbed hair. At the time the photo had been taken, there appeared nothing unusual about the girl. Her wide grin with missing baby teeth flashed the undaunted happiness of youth. But the article below melted away any cheer in the photo. L. A. Mourns Youngest Victim in Vannacutt Massacre Before she became ill, friends and family knew Elizabeth Burrows as a bright, happy girl. The daughter of local shop owner, Elizabeth (Ellie) was the pride and joy of Frank and Anabelle Burrows. \" She was so smart\" her mother says with tears in her eyes. \"She got high marks in school. She loved her brothers and sisters. Ellie was just a ray of sunshine, pure and simple.\" Mrs. Burrows could not bring herself to comment any further. At fifteen years of age, Ellie began to show signs of schizophrenia. At first she tried to hide her condition, but her family intervened when the symptoms overtook her life. She claimed to hear voices, had bizarre delusions and tried to commit suicide by swallowing rat poison. Dr. Jacob Burns, a medical practitioner, referred her to the Vannacutt Psychiatric Hospital for treatment. Dr. Burns could not be reached to comment on this story. \" Once she was admitted, we weren't allowed to see her\" Mr. Burrows says. \"Dr. Vannacutt said she might have a relapse if exposed to anything pertaining to home life. All we heard about her were the progress reports the hospital sent us every week.\" The progress reports were a web of elaborate lies constructed by Vannacutt's staff. They stated that Ellie and other patients like her were thriving under the good doctor's expert care. That she was making leaps and bounds in her recovery. \" If she was doing so well, why wouldn't they let us see her!\" Mrs. Burrows sobbed. The Burrows and other families fought tooth and nail for the right to see their afflicted family members. But they were always turned down with a friendly reminder that the patients were doing well. It wasn't until the fire did Los Angeles see the truth. The outrage from the public could have equaled the inferno's power. For the sake of decency, I will not go into the kind of torture inflicted on these poor souls. Only that the skull of Ellie Burrows bore the marks of multiple lobotomy incisions and trepanning. With the consent of her parents, Ellie was buried in the cemetery. The bodies of those who could not be identified were interred in a mass grave and immortalized with a modest memorial.[Chapter 2] \"Dee... You okay? Yournlook like hell.\" Laura Mirkwood took a seatrnnext to her roommate in the student lounge. Deanna had been uprnalmost the entire night searching for more information on her lostrnrelative. \"I'm alright\" shernsaid. \"Alright as a person can be after discovering a big-assrnskeleton in the closet.\" She handed Laura thernfreshly xeroxed research she had compiled. \"Her name's Ellie\"rnDeanna said heavily. \"She died in that asylum when it caught fire.rnShe was one of the youngest patients there. And apparently she was myrngreat great aunt.\" Laura did not bother tornread the research. Her eyes could only linger on the post mortemrnphotograph that took Deanna three hours to find. The sad remains of ElliernBurrows lay on metal gurney. Every inch of flesh had been reduced torncharred tissue. Her once pretty head, a mottled mass of weeping burntrnmeat with only a gaping eye socket and a mouth set in a silentrnscream. Swallowing her bubblingrnlunch, Laura lay the appalling evidence down. \"I hate to be the bearerrnof creepy coincidences, but have you seen these.\" Digging through herrnnotebook, Laura handed Deanna a day-glo yellow flyer. \"They're all overrncampus, Dee.\" The girl grit her teeth asrnshe read the flashy words. COMINGrnSOON THErnVANNACUTT ASYLUM MUSEUM Seernthe Sanitarium of Slaughter! OverrnFifty Different Exhibits! ComernOpening Night StayrnUntil Morning and Receive a Free Artifact \"I don't believe this!\"rnDeanna snapped. \"People died there! Now they turned into somerntourist trap museum?!\" \"People build museums onrnmurder all the time\" said Kelly. \"Remember the trip to Europernthis spring?\" \"Please. Aushwitz is arnmemorial. This has gift shops and animatronic zombies.\" A charcoal gray sky hungrnover the old college campus that afternoon. Bundled up against therncrisp autumn chill, Deanna made her way back to her dormitory. Thernred and yellow leaves swirling in little cyclones around her ankles.rnAs she blew into her palms, the girl's thoughts continued torngravitate to the forbidden house. It's foreboading image sending arnstrange pulsing shock wave through her body. Shaking her head Deanna extinguishrnthe fevered thoughts as she strode past the courtyard. All she wantedrnwas to get back to her room. Suddenly she came to arnhalt. He was there. Sitting of a cement benchrnunder an oak tree, he sat. Dante Fisher. The one whornsat infront of her in English Lit, completely unaware of the wistfulrneyes that gazed upon him from behind. Deanna had come to know hisrnappearance down to the tiniest freckle. His skin the silky color ofrncoffee and milk. That black hair coifed into perfect effortlessrndreadlocks. She had been smittenrnsince day one. But in an instant Deanna,rnfelt her daydream shatter. Dante looked up and theirrneyes met. Brimming with embarrassment, Deanna lowered her gaze andrnbid a hasty retreat to her dorm house. Once behind the door,rnDeanna took in the safety of the dorm house. With most of thernstudents out, it was a rare blessing for the place to be so quiet.rnSavoring the silence, Deanna made the long hike upstairs to her room. squelch...rnsquelch... squelch... The hallway carpet wasrnsoaked. \"Toilet must be broken.rnAgain.\" Deanna sighed But the more she looked, arntingling sense of fear raced up her spine. The kind of fear that wasrnusually dulled by her medication. Forcing herself to kneel,rnDeanna ran her fingers across the saturated carpet. BLOOD! That was it. Forgettingrnher books, Deanna bolted headlong to the familiar shadows of herrnroom, locking the door behind her. Collapsing on her bed, she rockedrnback in fourth trying to get the horrible image out of her mind. \"Its not there... Itrnisn't real... It isn't real... It isn't-\" \" Deanna... \" Her heart stopped dead inrnher chest. A chalky white hand shot out from under the bed andrngripped her wrist. \" Wernneed you, Deanna. \" Like a bomb going off, a barrage ofrnimages flickered through her head. Dark hallways, demonicrncontraptions, but most of all, an overwhelming sense of agony.rnSomething so dark and evil, it swallowed up any hope or happinessrninto a void of despair. But just as the ghastlyrnapparitions appeared the were gone. All was quiet again Eyes rolling back, Deannarncollapsed into a deep faint.[Chapter 3] \"Dee... Can you hear me?rnSqueeze my hand if you can hear me.\" Slowly the world ofrnreality emerged in a haze of white light. As her eyes adjusted,rnDeanna took in her sterile surroundings. \"Where am I?\" \"You're in thernhospital\" Laura said. \"Haylie saw you run down the hall and lockrnthe door. She said you were screaming.\" The memory of the horridrnexperience came roaring back. Her eyes clenched shut, Deanna sankrninto the bed. \"I thought you said yourrnbreakdowns were under control.\" Laura whispered. \"They are under control\"rnDeanna said fiercely. \"This was real!\" Heaving a sigh, Laura tookrna seat next to the bed. \"I overheard the doctorsrntalking. They said you were still hallucinating. Something about arnwoman with one eye.\" \"Okay, maybe I wasrnseeing things then\" Deanna snapped. \"But she was the one who madernme relapse. Look at this!\" Rolling back the sleeve ofrnher hospital gown, she thrust her wrist under Laura's eyes. Fiverncrescent-shaped scratches had been sliced into the girl's skin. \"Is it a possibility yourndid it to yourself?\" Laura suggested. \"Right. If that were therncase, then I'd have to be born with two left hands. Besides, myrnnails are too short to do any real damage\" \"Uh huh... right...\" A sharp silence cutrnthrough the private hospital room. The terror Deanna had drowned inrnearlier that day was quickly turning to anger. Her only friend inrncollege did not believe her. \"Look! Ever since I gotrntreatment, I've learned to see hallucinations for what they are.rnBut this was not all in my head! This was real! She showed me thingsrnand I have to-\" \"Dee!\" \"What?!?\" Swallowing herrnapprehension, Laura forced herself to speak. \"They want to admitrnyou!\" she blurted out. \"The doctors said they want to put you inrnthe mental ward for observation. They think your a danger tornyourself!\" Once again, Deanna feltrnher heart come to a halt. It was as though her insides had turned tornglass and smashed into dust. Her mind screamed for her to dornsomething, anything then just lie there. In the midst chaos fumingrnwithin her, Deanna's lungs heaved in manic hyperventilation. \"Nurse!\" Laura calledrnout into the hall. \"She's doing it again!\" The moonless night castrnDeanna's room in oppressive darkness. With her wrists strapped to the mattress it was anrneffort just to find a restful position.[Chapter 4] A maestrom of metalicrnclanging boomed around the house as every window was sealed. In thernmidst of the chaos around her, Deanna stood stock still. The whispersrnhad returned. But this time it was more than just Ellie. It was asrnthough every spirit had latched onto her. Their voices all crying outrnat once. \"Alright, everyone calmrndown!\" Clay bellowed. His pinched face turning pink. \"What was that?\" Arncurly haired boy bellowed. \"It's just a powerrnsurge, Frank. I know where the locking mechanism is. All we have torndo is reverse it.\" The rest of the guestsrnnodded and murmered in agreement. Most of them thinking the lockdownrnwas all too well rehearsed to be of any danger. \"I cant let you go downrnthere\" Deanna spoke up. \"What?\" \"They want me. I'llrngo.\" \"Oh... I dont think so!\" \"Well, maybe we shouldrnlet her\" a blond girl spoke up. \"I mean... I'm not really up torngoing down there.\" \"Lisa, the only thingrndown there are dioramas and manaquins\" Clay soothed. Deanna cast Clay a hardrnglare. \"You're not going tornlike it down there.\" \"Look, Cuckoo's Nest.rnYou may be a big yahoo in the padded cell, but the last thing I need isrnliability like you on our maiden voyage. But since you decided tornshow up, I'm not taking any chances.\" As if reaching for arncarton of cigarettes, Clay pulled out a pair of handcuffs from hisrnpocket. \"Now you have twornoptions\" he smiled. \"Either you come with us, or I'm makingrnsure you dont leave this spot.\" Dante's brow creased inrnunnerved frown. \"Why would you needrnthose?\" \"For trespassers\" Clayrnsmirked. \"Cant be too carefull\" If the foyer managed evenrna germ of archetectural beauty, then the basement had all thernambiance of a dungeon. Every surface was either concrete or had beenrncarved out of the rock. Bare lightbulbs flickered dramaticallyrnagainst the gray walls, highlighting the mold and mildew. Ancientrnwheelchairs and gurneys littered the corridors in various stages ofrndecay.[Chapter 5] \"EVERYBODY UPSTAIRS, NOW! GET OUT OF HERE! RUN!!\" Suddenly the tour group was met with the jarring image of Deanna tearing through the hallway. Her colorless face dripping with perspiration. \"Jesus! What happened to you?\" Dante gasped. \"I'll explain upstairs, now move!\" \"Now wait just a minute!\" shouted Clay. \"We are not going to go tear-assing out of here just because Cuckoo's Nest missed her medication.\" In the blink of an eye, Deanna let fly a sound smack against Clay's cheek. \"You don't get these people upstairs now, I'll show much of a schitzo I am.\" she hissed. The house seemed to have been waiting for it's que. A chilly phantom wind surged down the corridor, creating a heaving moan that sounded like a hundred damned souls crying out at once. Clay's face turned a color resembling spoiled mushrooms. Swallowing back an obstruction of anger and fear, he quickly ushered the others back to the stairwell. \"When we get out of here, I'm going to make sure they haul you away in a straight jacket\" he growled. \"Yeah, provided you still have all your limbs by then.\" Though it was just as cold and uncaring as the rest of the house, the main hall instilled a germ of safety for the marooned guests. As if there were an invisible barrier keeping the seething entities at bay. \"What the hell was that!\" Lisa cried \"Relax. Just a little something I installed to give some atmosphere.\" \"Oh yeah. Like this place doesn't have enough that already!\" The rest of the group nodded and murmured in agreement. Clay knew he was loosing them. \"Now come on, people. This is not exactly a life or death situation. We're just locked in for the night. The renovators will be here at six tomorrow. So in the meantime, I suggest we all get comfortable.\" Rummaging through his pocket, Clay pulled out a five dollar bill and inserted it into a nearby vending machine. \"Here. Dinner's on me.\" During Clay's sales pitch, Deanna retreated to a far corner of the foyer. She struggled to make sense of what had just happened. Of what Ellie wanted from her. It was all so much. As she sat engulfed in turbulence, a dull glimmer caught Dee's eye. Just inches from where she sat, a wet footprint stained the floor. The print was made by a bare foot, as both the sole and the toes were clearly visible. Slowly her eyes traveled up the floor. A trail of fresh footprints traversed the foyer. The girl's insides went cold but the feeling quickly subsided. As with Ellie, there was no feeling of dread or fear. Someone was just leaving her clues. The glistening tracks lead Deanna to an alcove on the other side of the foyer. An information booth stood ready for customers, fully stocked with tickets, programs, and cheesy souvenirs. A brochure lay neatly on the day-glo counter with a map of the house printed in its folds. Each floor was clearly laid out with exhibits, viewing rooms, and even a little cafe on the top floor. But what got Deanna's attention was the bloody fingerprint stamped on an unmarked room in the basement. \"Hey Clay!\" she called. \"What's this room?\" \"Huh? Lemme see\" Clay squinted as he poured over the map. \"Oh, that's nothing\" he said. \"It's the main boiler room.\" \"Boiler room?\" \"Yeah. Apparently Vannacutt worked out a way for all the boilers in the house to be controlled from just one network.\" \"You don't say...\" While the group had made their way back up to the main floor, they had not yet taken into account that one of their fellows was missing. While following the others, a peculiar sound had caught Jacob Henrick's ear. Someone talking. It sounded so close, and yet a million miles away. Though not particularly melodious, the voice wafted through Jacob's brain like a powerful drug. Forgetting the group, and Deanna's warnings, Jacob followed the disembodied sound down the flickering hallway. The young man did not see the dark cells that looked like yawning mouths, nor the creeping mold on the walls resembling greedy skeletal hands. The fluttering voice had all his attention. At the end of the corridor, an unearthly glow radiated from a curiously isolated room. The voice came to a grinding halt as Jacob entered. But this was no ordinary cell. Mirrors! Everywhere there were mirrors! Mirrors of every shape and size lined the walls and ceiling, giving the room an aura of a hellish funhouse. And just like a funhouse, some of the looking glasses were warped to cast distorted reflections. Jacob stood in a stricken daze as he regained his mind. Everywhere he looked he was surrounded by a hundred images of himself. Against the dim light in the room, a brass plaque beneath the largest mirror caught his attention. \"The Immersion Chamber\" \"One of Dr. Vannacutt's many interests was multiple personality disorder. He designed the immersion chamber so that the patient would be forced to confront their \"other selves\". Though it was touted as breakthrough in mental health treatment, many patients plunged deeper into madness within these walls.\" Jacob swallowed an obstruction in his throat, but only got rid of half of it. Slowly he inched his way towards the door, not taking his eyes off the reflection in the main mirror. He was almost to the door before a chilling realization struck him. The images in the mirrors had stopped following his movements. Jacob's eyes darted back to the main mirror. His reflection's head jerked from side to side in a dizzying blur on it's own accord.[Chapter 6] Deanna bolted for the basement as soon as she heard Jacob scream. This time she did not feel disoriented as she ran through the winding celler corridors. In the back of her mind, she knew exactly where she was going. \"Oww!\" she suddenly cried. A sharp pain shot up through her bare heel. The floor was covered with shards of broken glass, as if someone had taken a sledge hammer to a hall of mirrors. But Deanna pressed on. Painstakingly she made a little path for herself by pushing aside the glass with the side of her foot. \"What happened!\" Clay called from the other end of the hall. \"Where's Jacob?\" Deanna looked up at him with moist frightened eyes. \"I dont know...\" Every mirror in the Immersion chamber was now broken beyond repair. Some so damaged they were left with only token peices of glass stuck in the corners. The floor was a glittering polar sea of broken glass. \"Oh God!\" Lisa gagged. Jacob lay sprawled out on the floor beneith the largest mirror. His mouth fixed in a silent scream. But that was'nt the worst of it. Something had rammed long daggers of broken glass into his eye sockets. Blood ran freely down his face in gorey tears, staining the blades. Quickly Clay and the others ran to help, some offering to do CPR. But it was too late. Jacob had lost too much blood. As Deanna stood in a panicked daze, a faint glimmer caught her eye. Something was moving in a large peice of glass. The Immersion Chamber displayed to her one of it's trophies. As clear as an image on a television screen, a scene played out on the glass. A straight-jacketted patient locked into the chamber. Full of frenzy, he lauched himself against the mirrors until the glass shattered before killing himself by slitting his jugular vein. As she watched the house's memories, Deanna suddenly felt very peculiar. It was like she was plumetting faster and faster down a dark mineshaft, but standing still at the same time. Was this a hallucination attack, or is something coming, she thought. \" Deanna! \" The girl knew that voice anywhere. Looking up, she saw her mangled ancestor sitting cross-legged on the ceiling. \"How did you...\" breathed Deanna. \" You dont need to speak\" said the ghost. \"I can hear your thoughts.\" \"What happened to Jacob?\" \" I thought I told you to stay together! You drift apart and this is what happens! You didn't tell them, did you.\" \"I didn't have time to tell them!\" Deanna screamed in her head. \"I was about to... but then...\" Gazing into her descendant's eyes, Ellie's anger once again began to cool. \" You're right. It wasn't your fault. Forgive me, Deanna.\" Quickly the girl tried to lighten the conversation. She knew how damaging her departed aunt's moods could be. \"I got the map you left.\" \" Ah, good!\" said Ellie. \"But it wasn't me.\" Deanna felt something cold drop into her stomach. \" Dont be so disturbed. I told one of the Others and he wants out too.\" A gust of cool air from blew gently against Deanna from the end of the corridor. Squinting against the darkness, she saw what appeared to be a shruken, emaciated figure huddled against the wall. It was another spirit. But like Ellie, it was one of the few entities in the house that was not swollen with venom. \" That's Philip\" Ellie said. \"Dont worry about him. He's harmless.\" \"He's so small.\" Deanna thought to herself. \" Yes. Philip was one of the younger patients. Only fifteen when this place first burned. He got burned pretty bad, so he's a little sensitive about his appearance.\" \"Wait a minute\" Deanna inturrupted. \"I thought you were the youngest patient here.\" Ellie heaved a long sad sigh. \"I was the youngest patient to have a family\" she said. \"Philip was what they called 'a nobody'.\" Just as before, another sepia-toned flashback flickered into Deanna's mind. She saw little Philip. A gentle but simple-minded child who had been shuttled from one orphanage after another. When his epileptic fits became too much to handle, he was dropped off at the Vannacutt Asylum. Like so many unfortunate patients, Philip did not live. He simply existed. When the day of the revolution arrived, he stood before the nurse's station with a blank smile as the Others tore the place assunder. \"DEANNA! DEANNA WAKE UP! BREATH! BREATH, DAMNIT!!\" Suddenly the silent movie memory began to fade away, as a blinding white light took its place. Deanna was awash in confusion. Did she black out again? But just before the returned to the conscious world, she looked down to see the scarred, tortured form of Philip Kilbride. His stick-like arms wrapped around her waist in a tight, imploring hug. ","Summary":" Deanna Burrows didn't know why she wanted to learn. It could have been the way her father always gr"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Hu-mans are Not Bad","Author":"FeesukaMinudaka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13020606","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hu-mans are Not Bad A Aliens in the Attic Fanfiction By Feesuka Minudaka Prologue - How This Whole Thing Began Throughout all of my life, I didn't really care a whole lot for hu-mans. I just thought they could be left alone, while some of the other alien species around the galaxy can go to this Earth and do the job for us. But, eventually, there's no avail. Some have tried, others have failed, some turned good, basically, any alien who comes to Earth will be stopped, no matter what. So, I just went on, and just did my studies as a scientist, or, at least, I was formally known as a scientist. As well as a author and stuff. I got through my childhood, teenage, and college years, and I am now a young adult, who is 21 years old in Earth years, is happily married with a girl named Fawke, and 2 children named Rocket and Hadley, and, believe it or not, is shy, timid, a little bit of a coward, awkward, and often prefers to be alone unless I am with my family. That is, until my interview on Good Morning Zirkon. Well, it wasn't my first. I kinda lost track. I think this was my third. It was for my new book, Supersizing. I was nervous, anxious, and any other word you can add to it. I mean, gosh… I didn't even know what to say! People were booing at me, I just wanna do good… But they want great… I swear, I was close to running out of here, or, someone did for me. I saw these two guards, and they told me I must contribute to a mission… To, you guessed it, Earth. I tried to reason with them that I don't wanna do it. Trust me… I tried. But no! \"I have no choice…\" They said… \"Oh! It'll be fun!\" They said. I don't know… I probably could be wrong, this whole enslaving thingy sounds fine… So, basically, they took me, away from my ordinary life, straight to the advance team, that is where I have met the people which… I secretly hate. Razor, basically a feisty chick with nails she is so overprotective with, and is the most stealth fighter in the group. She is 23 in Earth years. Tazer, basically the main guy who will hypnotizes most of the hu-mans. It'll most likely be painful to watch, even for me. He is 26 in Earth years. And finally, Skip. The commander. 48 years old on Earthling years. The one keeping everything under control. The almighty. And the one who abuses me the most… Yep. I am starting to think I am being the team's personal engineer slave. Over the past few months, things did kinda happen, our mission was beginning to get hyped all around, I did most of the translations, and oftenly called a geek for that. I did, at least… Find out about their monsters… I have to admit…. We will die out there if they are near! Well, at least some of their food is good… Especially hot dogs… Then came the hypno test. Basically, I was the subject, of course. They did some break-dancing with me, and it was fun! Expect… For the part where they basically left me all alone and someone had to get it for me. And now, as I am writing this… I am entering our final meeting. Where we will discuss this Sizematron, the weapons we will use, and what will basically happen to me if I fail to build the machine. My name is Sparks. I am a beginner at engineering, and today is supposed to be the day we make our long journey to Earth. Where we will invade. As you may have guessed… I did my research on it… And I am basically petrified about what will this journey will take me from here. Author's Note!: Wait, why am I making another one of these? Am I crazy? Yes, I decided to give up on my other one. It was cringy... But I decided to make this one, but the movie and the prologue short (Behind the Zirkonians) but from Sparks' Point of View~! I did wanted to get it done before the film's 9th anniversary... But I am one day late. Anyway... As for the ones following First Snow and The Past Is Today... I am working on the latter, but the former, I still don't know. But, I hope you are enjoying this so far... And I hope you are excited for more! PLEASE NOTE THAT I DON'T OWN ANYTHING! Everything belongs to 20th Century Fox and Regency Enterprises![Chapter 2] Chapter 1 - Geek As Sparks finished his first Earth diary entry, he got his stuff, and prepared to go. A whole month they had prepared for this mysterious journey. Not much is known to the public, all they know is that they must save his planet, along with other planets going extinct. Behind the scenes, however, was a different story waiting to be unfold. The engineer mostly blamed it on one word… Geek. Every moment he tries to do something right, he get's mistreated, oftenly being called that hideous word, hoping things will change, and maybe his words will convince them to abandon ship, Sparks made his way out, without Fawke or both his children knowing. He was, so far, good hiding the secret he had from his family. Other than his own parents, of course, which kinda didn't take it too well, knowing the \"engineer previous\". He often referred this situation to… Per say, going to work, when asked, he mainly said… \"Well, not important.\" He is lucky that nobody, not even Rocket or Hedley, watched his recent interviews… As he walked among the city, oftenly ignoring everyone that comes by. Sparks came to a halt as he saw the statue of the first commander, Mokusei. Rumor has it, he heard that she has died in the great Zirkonian and Mystikoko war in order to protect her home. To save everyone. Without her, nobody would be at the point where they are at now, both races wouldn't have shrugged it off, and everyone would've still been in a war by now. He stared at it for a while, thinking that if one thing goes wrong, everything at this point will go down hill. Was this what Mokusei wanted? For one little engineer to fail everyone if the humans are really the good guys? Will he be banished? Where would he go? Surely, if he did, he already knew that living with the Yamakis is a terrible idea! Whatever the case, Sparks was ready for whatever get's thrown in his way. He continued his way, until entering the location where his final meeting was supposed to take place. Which was, awkwardly enough, A library. Or, surprising. He didn't care. As he looked around, he noticed nobody else was here. It was just him. 'Good... ' Sparks thought to himself. 'I am the first one to make it… Should I wait?' He thought about it for a while, until he finally got the answer. 'Waiting sounds good.' The four-armed techie put down his belongings at the nearby table, and began to look for something. There's not really much there, even though he does write his own books. The biographies still put him to sleep, even to this day, not a fan of horror, comics and manga are too simple, and is still not into young adult novels. Finally, he decided to give up. He thought he could just try and look up some more info on Earthlings. But, before he could, shortly after getting his belongings, he turned to see the on and off again couple. Razor and Tazer. His fellow partners. \"Where were you, rookie?\" Tazer asked him. \"Come on! What about the meeting? The invasion is today!\" Razor informed him, as she grabbed his arm, and carried him off. \"I… Look, I didn't forget, I was gonna go right to the room, but.. You guys weren't here!\" Sparks tells them. \"Yeah, well we're here now, geek.\" There's that word again. Geek. Sparks didn't like that word, not one bit. Well, as of now, that is… As the three walked towards the possible end of the line, The engineer couldn't help but feel a sick feeling inside. What will happen if they fail, not because of him? Will he still get the punishment? If he did fail, will he be sentenced to execution? In any case, Sparks told himself to remain optimistic. Though, it's almost impossible. As the door opened, revealing the presentation room, the commander were staring in front of them. \"Well, about time you guys made it!\" Skip told them, in a mildly angry tone. \"I thought we needed to push the bail button while we still can!\" The comment made Tazer laugh. \"Is that button even real, genius?\" \"No. Now, sit.\" They did, and the final meeting before the Earth invasion began. It couldn't go any faster for Sparks. He tried his hardest to pay attention, but he couldn't help to ask numerous questions in his mind. Questions he asked numerous of times, but always never found the answer too. Luckily, nobody has snapped him out of his thoughts. But, when the final half is revealed, he winded up snapping himself out of the comments he was making in his mind. \"Now, we'll start off with the smaller weapons.\" Skip mentioned. \"Whoever get's the plug will be under our control.\" Sparks has yet to tell the crew he made it to only hit people over the age of 18. \"Then, we'll dig up Sizematron, and geek here will build it for us! If he fails…\" 'Oh no, here we go.' The techie told himself, very cowardly, as well. \"He'll be sentenced to execution… Well, if we manage to survive, anyway.\" As Skip said that, Sparks gulped. He was going to die if he fails the mission! Was he truly a mistake to the world? Was all that he done up till now not worth him remaining alive? What will his children think of this? Or, more importantly, what will his entire family think of this? The problem is now a whole lot worse. Not only will he die, but everything he has done will become meaningless. He sometimes thought about how he'd die, but he never thought this would how he'd go down! He couldn't even do the salute everyone in Zirkon was basically forced to do, or, at least say it, he still did the symbol thingy. After that. Sparks knew what to do to get out of this mess. The signs were very clear. He needed to run away from home. Although he had no spot in mind, he could live with any other species. Or even better, become one of those humans himself. Outside his family and the cohorts, both trying to look for him, nobody would care if he was gone. He always had a huge fear of running away. But in harsh reality… He had no other choice. \"Uh… Excuse me?\" He asked. He tried making up a excuse, finally, as he smiled, he came up with the perfect excuse. \"I need to use the little Zirkonian's room!\" He began to walk off, ready to go off, Sparks knew that he should've packed his stuff first, as he knew he wouldn't last a day out there all by himself. But all he hoped for now is for someone to pick him up, heck, he wouldn't even mind being adopted and being mistaken as a toddler. He gotten a head start once all eyes were away, until, it happened. He fell, quickly going away from consciousness, he assumed it was death, with that thought, he tried to stop it. But in the end, Sparks felt no more, as he closed his eyes, thinking he is going to go to his permanent slumber early. \"Ugh….\" Sparks groaned, as he woke up. 'Wait, I'm not dead? I was in a coma this whole time? That's good and all, but… Where am I?' His surroundings were unknown to him, after a while, he was in the sound-proof storage room of the ship. Panicking, Sparks quickly went to the nearest window, and saw something shocking. His family. Not just his parents and little sister, whom he could see far away, but also his own family he made a couple years back. Fawke, his loving wife. Rocket, his inspired son. And Hedley, his just new born daughter. They were there. Front and center. Begging the guards to let him out. Sparks let out a huge gasp at the shock, not only will he face death if he fails in the mission… No, no, no… But they know. \"Oh no…. No, no, no, no, no!\" With the sight fading away, as they grew smaller and smaller, and the clouds began to sink in, Sparks could feel the tears finally falling out. He was stuck. Stuck in something he had never agreed, or even wanted to join. All he wanted was to live life to the fullest, and solve the galaxy's biggest mysteries. Not kill a bunch of beings he originally had no intention in liking. But now, he actually wanted to befriend one of them. With all this in his mind, and the anxiety filling him more and more as he thought about this, he fell to his knees, covered his eyes with two of his four arms, and began to cry… Out loud. He knew no one would come to him, since the room is sound-proof. Good. He needed to be alone. \"I did everything to avoid one of these types of missions, Everything. I even made history by being the youngest graduate in the most popular collage around, and this is the thanks I get?\" Sparks vented to himself. \"It doesn't matter now, my inner karma inside of me has won. Now, until we actually get to our destination, there's nothing I can do.\" \" Absolutely nothing. \" With that said, he continued to cry, he decided to do so until his body refused to let him do so anymore. Author's Note: Part 2, or, part 1, is finally up! I figured to change the wedgie punishment to a death sentence, since, ya know, I only accept potty humor of rare occasions. Anywho, i'm gonna try my best to keep on going with this, mainly if I have time, which I am pretty sure I do. This time, reviews and follows are not wanted, but if you really want, go ahead! I don't mind! PLEASE NOTE THAT I DON'T OWN ANYTHING! Everything belongs to 20th Century Fox and Regency Enterprises![Chapter 3] Chapter 2 - Welcome to Earth Earth Journey Diary - Part 2 Hi, Diary, it's Sparks again… I needed to tell you something, a few things to get outta my chest. I had nightmares about what I am about to tell you for weeks… I have mainly slept down in our basement because of this, sure, Fawke may have questioned it, but shrugged it off after a week. But never. Never have I imagined that nightmare coming true. First of all, I have death row waiting for me if I fail this… And then, came the worse part, after I awoke from my coma, I was in the ship, and when I looked out… There they stood. My family. Not only the ones that have raised me. But the one I have raised all on my own once I got married to the girl I loved since high school were there, too. That whole entire thing was so traumatizing, that it has brought me to tears, in a sound-proof storage room, since, I guessed, nobody cares about me. Which is kinda true. Since outside my family tree, no one liked me, and oftenly ignored me. I was sobbing and hiding for who knows how long. But after they stopped and the sadness had done it's work, I just sit still, still hiding in a corner by myself, doing nothing. Yes, there is nothing to do here. Nothing! It may be boring, but I am used to it. I have no idea how long i've been gone from my home for this mission, how everyone has been taking this, if I will be rebellious and join the hu-mans, or, better yet, find out whether they were really good or not, and most importantly, even though it has been a month, I never knew the last time I was very, very, very happy. Sure, I did feel a few happiness here and there, but it couldn't compare to the good old days. I was tasked with fixing the cable service on the ship, to which, I hated it, I had lost tools, which had floated onto the middle of nowhere, while those two watched, the on and off again couple, laughing at my mistakes, I did feel a little bit happy, as I saw what could only be a mother hu-man and her baby. Thinking this was live, I smiled, and shyly waved at them. I would give anything away from my life, if it means this whole dumbfest would be over. But it's not. We're on our way to our final destination, Earth. For our final training session, and then, comes the worst part. The invasion itself, where it will determine if I am worthy or not. I just hope I can survive without having to destroy this species. Or, maybe not. I have a plan. I'll ask them kindly to surrender first, but if not, it'll be time. That's all I wanted to write down. I just needed to let all of my feelings out. Sure, some other stuff happened, but I don't wanna talk about it. Thanks for listening. Okay, wait, books, or technology doesn't listen to written text! Or, do they?! 'Whatever.' I told myself. 'It doesn't matter now.' With that, my second Earth diary entry came to it's close. I took one last look at the message I made for the commander. It is not perfect, I know. Although I plan to show it to him personally once we get to the Sizematron, I already posted it online. For the whole world to see. Hoping people can know how terrible us innocent and pure can easily get ticked off. I sigh. \"Should I? I had been madder than usual… No…\" I doublethink. It's for the best. \"He had given me no other choice.\" Suddenly, I hear the ground shake. Are we really landing towards our destination? I look out the window, and see the planet far away from here. Yeah, far away. I open my locator map. We're in one of the many meteors, and Earth is far away from there. As if those guys couldn't get any stupider… Come on, Sparks. You can do this. Keep this shy act up. I hear the door open. \"Hey!\" Skip yelled. I hate it, no, scratch that, despise it. \"Are you just gonna keep whining all day? LET'S GO!\" 'I have never acted like a brat. What did I ever do to you?' I thought to myself as I finally got out of the prison cell for the second time. Once I got that suit on, I began to speak up, trying to hide the words, \"Wow, you guys are stupid, you know that?\" from my mouth. Instead, I said, \"Uh… E-excuse me…? This isn't the right place…\" \"Look out.\" I heard Skip say. \"Because Earth will soon be our's!\" \"But….\" I began to say. \"Earth is all the way over there, sir…\" \"I know, Sparks.\" He said, very annoyingly. \"Our training takes place here. Now, Go!\" 'Oh, right…. This is the dumb gravity boots test, now I wish I knew how to fly good…' I told myself. I turned on the gravity setting on my boots, and began going across the meteor settings. It was a bit painful, since I only learned how to fly, like, once in my whole life. But, to my own credit, I wasn't so bad as I thought, I managed to get through most of these, and we were mostly jumping most of the time. But even then, that still doesn't impress everyone, they were more busy complimenting Tazer in his gloriousness. \"Alright, no more words will be spoken!\" Skip announces. \"It's invasion time!\" And now, that leads us to the invasion. Find the machine, build it, unleash the beacons, and kill the hu-mans. I am not excited in the slightest. Nobody knows this, I know it is apart of our history, but… I hate battle. I even cringe just hearing about it. Seeing everyone kill each other, that not only makes me sick, but make me feel a little bit sad inside, since I am very sensitive. We get inside, and get right to the pods. Yep. No final speech, no good luck charms, no nothing. Just wanting to get this done and over with. And I stumble with it. Never got my driver's license. Yeah, I know, embarrassing, I just always prefer to exercise! Plus, I am a little bit clumsy. So, there was that, also. We ended up flying for who knows how long, until we land in a middle of the forest to rest for the night. Yeah, even ones on major missions needed major breaks once in a while. But I actually don't mind it. Kinda. I am still afraid that if I wind up sneaking out to see what hu-mans do for a living, I may get caught, and everything will be ruined. But something must be done in order to get me out of the fear of this planet being destroyed. \"Seriously?\" Razor angrily said to Skip. \"We're taking A BREAK?! Whatever happened to 'Sleep is for the weak'?\" \"Two words. One, you have a lot more to learn about us high force aliens, and two, Who'd you think are in here? A bunch of rats?! No one is even there, last time I had checked!\" Tazer then scotches over towards Razor a bit, almost like he is flirting with her a bit. \"He does have a point, sassypants.\" \"Beat it, creep.\" \"Alright, you guys! I don't have all 48 hours, so listen very closely!\" Skip yelled. We make our way over to him, as he does a roll-call. \"Tazer.\" \"Present sir!\" He then aims his \"Deadly Weapon\" over a tree. Skip just sighs in a response. \"Razor?\" \"Right here.\" \"Wanting to get this done? Hah. Sparks?\" Brilliant. Just brilliant. \"O-oh…! Here sir!\" I awkwardly say. All I am thinking to myself now is… 'Your acting like a tumbling mess! Why?' \"We'll work on that soon enough… Now, this useless pile of a planet is our target. Sharp as ever, right? Well, I disagree. Everything they have done up till now is most likely useless, I mean, come on! Some guy going on this journey to prove Earth is not flat? Please! They don't know about what we've done!\" I just roll my eyes at that response. \"Whatever…\" Razor said. \"Now, since I know that we've worked our own blood, sweat, and tears into training for this very special moment...And to be granted, it really is a special moment, since I have been wanting to do this since I was a little lad. I can safely say that you all really deserve… Yet, another break!\" \"Woah, woah, woah.\" Tazer began. \"So, what you are saying is, after all that training, after all the courses you put us through, and the breaks you let us have during some points… You are giving us another ?!\" \"Yes. Because I can.\" \"Well that's just…. Eh…\" \"Now, get some rest! We get back on flight to Sizematron's location early tomorrow morning!\" And that was our cue. I am now sitting outside. After hours of tossing and turning in some cabin we decided to crash in, keep having those nightmares… It's about me failing the building, and automatically dying in the process. Maybe it is because of my fear of being executed. Hey, wait a minute… It is. I then see some hu-mans running around, having some fun. I didn't study their features, since I didn't wanna at the moment, but I knew they were actual, living, breathing, hu-mans. Innocently having a good time before the most important tradition everyone in this part has to face. The 4th of July. Naturally, they are lighting up fireworks. And they are bursting out, right before my eyes. \"Oooohhh…\" I speak to myself. \"This must be those fireworks… They are so… magical…! I just wish I can learn more about what the world does…\" I barely got to know what hu-mans are like. I don't even know what this music thing is. But, I do hope I can discover it soon. I begin to get a little bit more sleepy by the minute, finally, I decided to call it a night, as I went inside, quietly, and went to the couch. The day before invasion was a living hole of despair, like the last few, but, hey! At least it ended on a positive note! As I make one last thought, I tuck myself in, and sleep. 'You guys are all wrong. Maybe hu-mans… Aren't so bad afterall…' A/N: AT LAST! I got this done! I have to admit, this took so long to get here, due to school now beginning, and me having a lot of shows to catch up on and stuff like that. But now, I finally managed to get this done! And… I have nothing more to say. Halloween is coming, so I may post the chapter where he first arrives at Creek Landing and the roof battle soon enough, till then… Hang in there! PLEASE NOTE THAT I DON'T OWN ANYTHING! Everything belongs to 20th Century Fox and Regency Enterprises![Chapter 4] Chapter 3 - Befriend a Human Yourself ' You are worthless.' ' You are clearly showing signs of weakness.' ' You basically are just begging the humans to get you killed.' ' You have to be the bad guy.' ' You have to be the villain.' ' You have to kill everyone.' ' Listen to these words.' ' You are a hero to everyone in your home…' ' ...So act like one, for the sake of Yokoyiki!' The one who is small, but weak, kept on running from the invasion ahead. He was a little human boy, wearing a striped shirt, shorts, sneakers, and holding a homemade teddy bear so tight. His mother and father just got abducted, right before his eyes, and he couldn't remember what they last told him… But all he could remember was for him to run for his life. He did. Yet, the aliens are still coming for him, ready to take every last bit of his soul, and prepared for what they would call the best of the best. Finally, after a while, they unfortunately caught on to him. As the light beams, he screams a horrifying scream, a scream that shouts out for serious help, as he is taken away to be killed… ...And then, the one who was in his eyes woke up. 'Great. Just great…' Sparks thought, recently waking up from what could be a traumatizing experience. He had another nightmare. Only this time, it wasn't the usual execution fear, it was the fear of him being a \"hero\". He knew he had no choice but to do the job of a engineer, building is what they are supposed to do. But building something inside of the planet known as Earth, he knew this was bad news. He wouldn't be a hero, he would consider himself a vision if that happened. 'Please… Anybody… Help…' As Sparks stood up, he had noticed that his compatriots and commander are gone. Possibly outside making final preparations, or dead. He also noticed a piece of paper, with the words, \"To four-arms.\" 'My thoughts have been answered!' He thought. He opened up the letter, and read each word it was written in. Ohayō, kasei. (Japanese for Good Morning, Martian.) We have been watching you, alongside your master. We've noticed that something's up, and if something is up with a alien creature far from here, we wanna give you the best tips. Come on down to our camp before you go. 8:00 AM sharp. Be there. If not, that's okay, we just hope you have lived a amazing life. Signed, NEETS In Training. \"NEET? W-what's a NEET…?\" Sparks simply asked to himself. After a while, Sparks finally came out of the cabin, and made his way to the camp with the details the so-called \"NEETS\" gave off in the P.S. section of the note. The whole way through, he wondered if they will actually help, or will just be disappointments. Only one way to find out now. Finally, he finds the hideout, he walks to the sight, and calls out. \"Hello…? A-anyone here..?\" He yells, trying not to yell too loud. \"Nani? Dare ga soko ni iku no?\" A female voice yells, startling the Zirkonian. \"W-wait…! I come in peace…!\" \"Heiwa? Koko ni wa heiwa wa arimasen, misutā!\" \"Okay! Okay! I-I guess I was right not to trust you…! I-I go...!\" \"Wait! Sir! Your that alien we wanted, right…?\" The voice responds, now calmer. Sparks nods, silently, yet still afraid. \"I didn't mean it! Your in the right place!\" She then comes out, wearing overalls with a white shirt underneath, as well as black hair with pink highlights. \"I'm Chiyo Ikeda. Basically, I am the leader of the pack.\" She then smiles, and closes her eyes as to look like she is very happy. \"Nice to meet you!\" Sparks smiles back. \"I-i'm Sparks.\" \"Sorry about earlier! I thought you were a stranger, and… As you can tell, or… Not, I don't care…\" Chiyo begins. \"I am Japanese. I am here for the student exchange program.\" \"Woah… T-that's amazing…\" \"Yep. Pretty cool once you get used to it.\" \"I-I cannot believe you guys actually wanna help me…!\" \"Dude, we saw you all alone, and we caught the zap that something's up. Now, I gotta get Reid and Julianne. Breakfast is almost ready, and they possibly are fast asleep again…\" Little did she know that only Julianne was awake, bugging Reid, as usual. \"I'm telling you, Reid!\" Julianne says, to her sleeping friend. \"It's happening! They really are trying to make some Percy Jackson movie!\" \"W-what…?\" Reid wakes up, obviously tired. \"I-I don't understand… Call me when the coffee comes…\" \"Oh, yeah? Go ahead, deal with your little coffee dilemma. Seems to me you don't give a crap 'bout me.\" \"What am I…? Y-your boyfriend?\" \"No, idiot!\" \"Ugh… You are just trying to distract yourself just so you don't see the little guy… A-are you scared of her, Julie?\" Reid asks. \"A-am I scared of the alien? Well… It is certainly ugly cute… But-\" The girl was interrupted as Chiyo opens the tent. \"Come out for breakfast, guys. I also want you to meet someone.\" \"It's the alien, isn't it?\" Julianne asks. \"Yes. His name is Sparks. He's outside when you two are ready.\" With that, the tent closes. Julianne panics, trying to find the right thing to say, Reid gets up to get his well-deserved coffee. The rest of the events on that tent are history. \"Hey! You must be Sparks, right?\" Julianne comes out, clothing on, and all set to go. \"Uh, yeah…? Julianne, is it?\" Sparks shyly asks the girl. \"Yep! Call me Julie or Julia. I don't care!\" \"I'm Reid.\" Reid says. \"Nice to meet you, thanks for taking this trip down to our little home where we eat, sleep, watch some anime or dramas here and there, and repe-\" \"Oh!\" Julianne interrupts. \"And one more thing. Happy 4th of July!\" \"Oh… T-thanks… Back in my home, we don't celebrate the holiday… Not even me…\" Sparks says sadly. This results in a clap from Chiyo. \"Oi! Looks like you can easily be one of us!\" She happily says. \"Alright, alright. Cool, cool. He knows who we are, he knows it is basically America's b-day. Cool, cool.\" Reid says. \"Now, can we please let him tell us what is happening?\" \"Yeah, okay!\" Julianne rolls her eyes. \"So, tell us, Sparks.\" Chiyo begins. \"Why are you and those freakazoids here?\" This results in a small giggle from Sparks. \"Funny you mention that… Because… To me…\" He frowns and sighs. \"I-I think of them as selfish… Commander Skip, especially.\" Chiyo, Reid, and Julianne all gasp. \"That must be awful…\" \"Ahhh… I get it now!\" Julianne interrupts. \"That Skip dude is the wicked stepmother, the others could be the wicked step-sisters, and Sparks could be the gender-swapped Cinderella! Let me guess… You also hav-\" \"Julianne. Don't give him ideas.\" Reid says, as he covers her mouth. She silently nods. \"Sorry about them… Anyway…\" Chiyo continues. \"Is there any reason why you had to be with them?\" \"Well… Um…\" Sparks says. \"I guess I can tell you everything that has been going on in the past month or so…\" \"We're listening.\" As the \"NEETS\" eat, the alien tells them everything they need to know. About the invasion plans, the destruction Earth, you name it. \"Oh my god. This is awful! If that happens, we'll all die, and if we die, we'll go into a blank state, and since Earth is gone, we won't regenerate into new born babies, and since that will happen, WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO AFTER WE CLOSE OUR EYES AND STOP BREATHING? TRY OUR HARDEST TO HAVE WEIRD ACID DREAMS?\" Julianne panics. \"Calm yourself. Julianne.\" Reid says, as he calms Julianne down. \"Take deep breaths. Unless Heaven and Hell are truly real, we won't have weird acid dreams.\" \"And we won't ever.\" Chiyo says. \"Listen, Sparks. The only way you can truly prevent everyone's untimely deaths, as well as the end of the human race… Is to befriend a human yourself.\" His eyes widen as he heard these words. Befriending a human. How would this even be possible? He was too nervous to even walk up to someone and ask them questions about themselves, and that was bad enough. \"Befriend…? But… H-how…?\" Sparks curiously asks Chiyo. \"Welp, to be honest, not sure, bud. It is almost impossible to befriend anyone these days without making yourself look like a total mess.\" \"But, look!\" Julianne continues. \"If you can spit out the word that you are good, and not bad, then you'll be able to make this whole thing work!\" In a response, Sparks warmly smiles. \"Thanks guys…\" \"No problem, dude!\" Chiyo responds, she then begins to put out a premade paper. \"If you need us… Try to call us!\" As she hands the alien their contact list, he looks up with embrace and hope in himself. Not a whole lot of helpful advice, but, still, one step closer away from preventing this. \"No worries! I will!\" \"Great. Good luck to you, man.\" A/N: WELP MY WRITER'S BLOCK IS FINALLY UP. I began this on November, and just got done tonight. February 21st. Midnight, I don't feel so good (Not because I am dying from Thanos' snap, but because i am having a stuffy nose as we speak and my ears refuse to pop and I have no idea why.) and I had just finished this chapter. Soooo yup, let's just hope I square up and get Chapter Four up and running asap. Soooo yeah, see you. PLEASE NOTE THAT I DON'T OWN ANYTHING EXCEPT FOR CHIYO, JULIANNE, AND REID! Everything belongs to 20th Century Fox and Regency Enterprises! ","Summary":" Hu-mans are Not Bad A Aliens in the Attic Fanfiction By Feesuka Minudaka Prologue - How This Whole "},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Love Game","Author":"Ruler of Elysium","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6294547","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love Game An Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging Fic. Chapter 1 – Sparks Fly Like Electric Shocks. A/N: There wasn't much, if any Dave the Laugh Fics, so this one's about him. ) Also I dont know what Mummy Jennings is called. So i made it up? (a) Dave The Laugh never thought that he could ever make a girl cry. But that was exactly what he did that morning when he decided he wanted to break-up with Ellen. When they first started dating, she was his world. Laughing, joking, fun but that only lasted for about four weeks. A month. The next two weeks were filled with her constant moaning, complaining and generally being annoying. The girl he liked before had all but disappeared. She wasn't happy to say the least after that. She started shouting, she - No! He refused to think about the pain he caused, it would make him feel guilty and they was nothing to feel guilty for. Right? But Dave had to face Ellen again tonight. The same day they broke up. It was Film Night at the Jennings. The Ace Gang and Dave were the few that were invited since Robbie's and Tom's mum didn't let them to throw a large party before the beginning of school, which was quite reasonable. Dave hadn't wanted to come after dumping the poor girl, but Robbie had insisted. He also said he had someone he wanted them all to meet when they got here, which would be later on tonight. He sighed while knocking on the wooden door in front of him. Instead of Robbie or Tom opening the door it was Ellen, who choose to ignore him. Who could blame her? Plus he was pretty late, he could hear the others inside. 'Dave!' said Robbie as he walked into the living room. Various pillows of different sizes and color were strewn across the hard wooden floor, and a heap of duvets were there too, incase they got cold. 'Hey!' he replied. 'Did you dump Ellen?' he asked jumping straight in there but looking over his shoulder at Ellen who was chatting to Jas. 'Yeah, I told you I was going to.' he replied. Robbie and Dave stood there doing small talk for a while until Georgia announced that they were going to watch Twilight, causing the guys to groan loudly and protest. ' I HATE TWILIGHT! ' shouted a loud voice. This caused everyone to look at each other, wondering who had said it but Robbie noticed that the voice sounded very feminine to him and called 'PIXIE, I KNOW YOU'RE THERE!' Jas looked at Georgia in alarm, clocking her expression. They wondered who was this 'Pixie'. But as she walked in lugging a large suitcase they noticed she was absolutely stunning. Pixie had long tousled fair hair with the most amazing brown eyes. She smiled as they watched her drop her suitcase and hug Robbie and Tom in turn. 'ROBBIE!' she screamed as she leaned in to hug him 'TOMMY BOY!' Ellen snorted at that, Tom was usually quite a serious lad. 'So Pixie, are you staying in Old Blighty for good this time?' Robbie asked. 'Sure am. Jumping around Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney is a ton of effort.' nodding at her suitcase. 'Sorry.' apologizing to the rest of the gang who were mesmerized in their conversation. 'I'm Pixie, and youse are?' 'Georgia.' 'Jas' 'Ellen' 'Rosie' Dave the Laugh' she raised her eyebrows at that but said nothing. Dave thought she was the prettiest girl he had ever seen and planned to ask Robbie about her, since they had obviously met before. But there was one thing stuck in his mind. Why did she have her suitcase at Robbie and Tom's house? As they sat down to watch a film that everyone agreed on, they settled down with popcorn and got through about halfway until Sarah, Robbie's mum opened the door to ask if they needed anything else, when she noticed Pixie. 'Pixie!' she said warmly, leaning down for a hug. 'How have you been?' she asked quietly, not wanting to disturb the film. 'I've been great, also Mum said something about me staying here for a while?' 'Course! She told me how she had loads of meetings and assignments throughout Europe and planned to stick you in a boarding school, so I said I'll take you in.' Sarah smiled. Pixie nodded in gratitude and resumed to watch the film, but Dave was watching her. Georgia was pissed when she saw Pixie hugging Robbie, but she didn't seem to like him more than a mate. As she laid in Robbie's strong arms she smiled at how far they had got until now. She caught Jas' eye and smiled and she returned the favour. Georgia was happy. Couldn't stop smiling. Nothing could come between Robbie and her now. How very wrong she was going to be. AN: A short chap, but i like my chaps short. :D review![Chapter 2] Love Game Chapter 2 – All Our Belongings In Shopping Carts A/N Last night I got the MOST AMAZING idea ever! I may need to rewrite the first chap, but I don't think I need to. Thank you for reviewing! The clock rang at 7am. Pixie automatically reached out to snooze it, when someone came in and startled her. 'Oi, Pixie you don't want to be late for your first day of school!' joked Robbie, ruffling her hair and running out back to his room. Grudgingly she hauled herself up and stepped into the ice cold shower, letting the water sluice all over her tanned body. When she was done, she grabbed her bathrobe and towel and pulled out a white shirt and her checkered skirt sliding them on and doing up the various buttons and zips. She rustled in her suitcase, which she hadn't bothered to unpack the night before, for a favourite black cardigan. Some moisturiser on her face and a few coats of mascara and she was ready. 'Hey Robbie. Thanks for the wake up call,' she joked as she went to join him and Tom at the table. 'Ta!' she said swiping his toast. 'Hey!' he said, smiling. Their eyes met for longer than necessary, when Pixie looked away at Tom who had clocked their intimacy. Tom gave her a knowing wink, while Robbie got another piece of toast. Pixie looked at him incredulous. Her and Robbie were friends. Just because they had a right laugh, didn't mean they were flirting. She thought, inwardly shuddering. Her thoughts flicked to the extremely fit guy she had been introduced to last night. Eyes so blue, the kind that rivalled Robbie's, and a lop sided grin. Truth was Dave the Laugh was a gorgey guy. 'Hey, it's ten past we better hurry up if we don't want to miss the bus.' said Tom, looking at his new watch that he had gotten for his birthday. Pixie groaned, Robbie laughed. 'Come on then you don't want to be late on your first day.' said Robbie, while grabbing his school bag and holding his hand out for Pixie. She glanced up at him and grinned, taking his hand. All three of them walked to the bus stop and began the seemingly long wait for the bus. 'I'm bored.' Pixie remarked, looking up from her slick iPhone. 'Just wait till you get to school.' smirked Tom, as he hauled himself onto the bus with Robbie closely following. Luckily Eastbourne was having a nice day and not usually enjoying some of it's warm, but heavy showers. Pixie walked in between the fraternal twins after they got off the bus. The sight that greeted her when they walked through the front gates was a complex one. She could see people eyeing her up, and sluts making out with their boyfriends like there was no tomorrow. But what she was looking for was gorgey laughy guy. 'You miss me?' said a deep voice in her ear. It was Dave. 'Sure I do Dave.' Pixie said, pleased he seemed to like her too. She looked anxiously at the old fashioned building they called school. Noticing her line of vision, he spoke up. 'It's not that bad, and I'm sure you'll be well liked here.' gesturing towards the groups of boys pointing at her. Robbie and Tom had gone to find Georgia and Jas, leaving Dave and Pixie alone. Sorry! All I could write.. :)[Chapter 3] Love Game Chapter 3 – A Colour Fade Out A/N: Thank You whoever reviewed! :) A few hours later and here they were once again, alone. Pixie had attempted to brush off Dave's tries at walking her home, but her efforts proved futile. He scooped her up and ran out of the school gates as soon as the bells signalled the end of the tiring day. 'So..this is awkward.' said Pixie standing on the top step in front of the Jenning's door. Dave said nothing in return, he just kept his sea blue eyes focused on her chocolate orbs. After what seemed like a very long time, he grabbed her and lean in to kiss her, but they were disrupted by Robbie and Tom arriving back home early after walking their respective girlfriend's home. Dave quickly stepped back and smiled at Pixie, signalling that it was just a matter of time before they would kiss. Robbie's heart sank when he saw the love of his life in another man's arms. He knew it was wrong to have feelings of unrequited love for his best friend. Who also happened to be attracted to his other best friend. Who also happened to date his twin brother. Not forgetting he also had a girlfriend, who he loved. It had been like this since he was six or seven. The two kinds of love he felt for the two different girls were starkly contrasted. For Georgia, he loved her but he wasn't in love with her. Pixie.. he was in controllably in love with that girl. He felt like his insides had been ripped apart when he found out Tom was dating her. He didn't know if Tom still loved her. They hadn't broken up because they didn't love each other. They broke up because she was moving to Australia, and they didn't want the other to have to go without at making a long distance relationship work. Robbie sneaked a peek at his brother. Robbie saw that Tom just grinned at Dave. He visibly didn't show that he still had feelings for Pixie, which Robbie was glad of. He needed her. 'Hey boys!' called Pixie. She smiled at her best friends and turned to enter the modest Jenning's home. Well, that was until a certain Dave the Laugh grabbed her and tried to unsuccessfully snog her. 'Better luck next time!' she sang, like the Scissor Sisters song, and Robbie raised his eyebrows following her into his house. Tom hung outside to chat to Dave. He wanted him to know that he should get Pixie while he could. He was full aware of Robbie's feelings of unrequited love for his former girlfriend. Yes, he was afraid Robbie would break it off with Georgia, who seemed like a nice enough girl, to pursue Pixie. Also he knew that she wasn't the easiest girl to read at times. Thankfully Jas was. 'Dave, you better get in there before someone else beats you to it.' warned Tom. 'Like who?' he replied. Dave was confused, sure he knew plenty of people wanted Pixie, but he had something that the other didn't. 'Dave, you're not blind there people who eye rape her at every chance they get.' Changing the subject he asked 'You coming to the Stiff Dylans gig on Friday?' he asked. Dave gave him a look. 'Pixie will be there. She's backing them.' earning a huge grin from Dave. Robbie, Tom and Pixie sat at the kitchen table, waiting for the food that Sarah had cooked. The lights went out. A scream.[Chapter 4] Love Game Chapter Four – Just The Way You Are A/N: Please tell me who your favourite 'ships are! Also, I had my first English Controlled Assessment, and I've got one later on this week too! I GOT AN A! :) After a gruelling first week at school, Pixie was practically aching to have some proper fun. The Stiff Dylans gig tonight seemed a perfect time to let her hair down. Robbie had persuaded her to open for them, and she had in mind what she was going to perform. As she was a die-hard Pendulum fan, and decided to cover Witchcraft and Watercolour, their best songs so far according to her. She looked in the mirror, deciding what to wear. The Ace Gang had told her that they were all going to be wearing matching short mini dresses, albeit different colours. She snorted at that. Sure the Ace Gang were her some of her friends, but she thought they were a bit strange. She almost died of laughter when Robbie had told her that they had a snogging scale. How old were they? Fifteen, the same age as her. She rummaged around in her suitcase, still not being bothered to unpack, for a casual Jack Wills dress that her mother had bought for her to apologize for forgetting her birthday. Again. She lifted the soft, gray material and held it against her, before slipping it on and doing the zip up. She had done her make-up within fifteen minutes and tightening the laces on her white keds. High heels? Purl-ease! Downstairs, Dave was telling all to Tom and Robbie about his growing attractions to Pixie as Robbie was tuning his bass guitar for the gig. 'Make some noise... for PIXIE!' shouted Robbie, winking at his best friend. Pixie walked up to the mic, and began to sing, with no backing, seemingly shocking the crowd. It's in your eyes, a color fade out Looks like a new transition The starting up and shaking your ground Turning your head to see a new day calling Does it feel like a head to lean on? A snapshot from where you were born I'm looking for your hand in the rough You're caught in the wire Well I'll lift you out Leading on the action Caught in a cell phones rays Bleeding on a sofa Staring at the waistline He's coming and she knows it Even though she knows why Footsteps in the hallway Girl you haven't got time You gotta get out Go far away [x2] Darkness in the bedroom Maybe she is resting up Maybe she was out late Just come back from the club I can't hear her breathing Something doesn't seem right Killer in the hallway We're living on a set time We gotta get out Go far away [x2] Robbie and Dave watched her in awe, while the previous took to the stage and sang to their hearts contempt, with Robbie's eyes never leaving Pixie's face. 'Jas!' said Georgia. She was pissed. No, she was beyond pissed. 'Did you see him? He stared at Pixie , the whole time! Everyone will think she's his girlfriend, and why not? She's gorgey and I'm not!' she choked out, before she was overcome with sobs racking her body.[Chapter 5] Love Game Chapter 5 – No One Understood A/N:There is no decent explanation for why I have not updated, I am soo sorry but did you all have a good Christmas? The song is A Winter's Day Monologue by Saturday Night At The Apollo – it is amazing! Robbie sighed after finally getting off the phone from his persistent girlfriend. He felt she was too clingy, and did not understand that he always couldn't meet up with her on a whim, he had other commitments too. Like annoying Pixie and Dave, who were still dancing around each other. He was an emotional wreck really, no one knew of his carefully constructed facade. Not even his twin. He felt alone in the problems regarding his love life, although taking a sneak peek inside Pixie's copy of Sugar and Bliss he knew he wasn't really. He looked at the forgotten English homework, haphazardly spread on the blue carpet still not completed although it was due the following morning. He cast a longing look towards his guitar, and remembered his mum's words. ' If you don't get your results up, I'll have to take that away Robbie!' He couldn't care less about Hamlet and his troubles, he had more important things to concentrate on. Grabbing his black notepad from the back pocket of his jeans and a pencil, he started to write. It's getting harder to believe but thinking anybody else could see the writings on the walls but my notebooks on the shelf and pissed off marks on paper slowly fade away with time while the memories keep blurry cause they're lost inside your mind and wishing for a dream or two before the end of every day so all the broken pieces mend and I can put them all away the little bits and scraps and parts of the life behind my back that I keep forgetting more of but it needs to be like that Hold me close I'm falling faster tell me this could last forever Hold me close I'm falling faster Hold me close I'm falling faster tell me this could last forever Hold me close I'm falling faster And now I'm dreaming of the nights that we both remember well and I'm sure I'm most asured that the way you made me feel Could be the greatest love I've ever felt from anybody else but everybody thinks I'm cruel and I am here just for myself Because \"How could he really love her? He's in it just for kicks.\" And that's why we've lasted so long even though we are like this So take take the moments that we shared and don't you dare ever forget that I will always be right here without a single soul regret. Hold me close I'm falling faster tell me this could last forever Hold me close I'm falling faster Hold me close I'm falling faster tell me this could last forever Hold me close I'm falling faster (musical break) Hold me close I'm falling faster tell me this could last forever Hold me close I'm falling faster Hold me close I'm falling faster tell me this could last forever Hold me close I'm falling faster The song didn't exactly refer to being in a loveless relationship that now contained no sparks, but instead it referred to his feelings about Pixie. He knew it wasn't fair being in a relationship with Georgia if his heart belonged to Pixie, who was oblivious as per usual. It took her and Tom over a month to get together after finally knowing they both had feelings for each other.[Chapter 6] Love Game Chapter 6 – The Way You Laugh Dave the Laugh was used to everything going his way. But since meeting Pixie, it had gone anything but. Was she completely stupid? No. . . he had all the same lessons as her, she was a straight A student. Dave wasn't the sharpest tool in the box, but their was one thing he was certain of. Pixie Fontaine was about the most oblivious teenager you could get. He sighed, checking his mobile phone for messages that hoped Pixie had sent him. He had sent her several, and called her a couple of times but without no avail. He hoped that she wouldn't mind if he went around to see her. He walked up the familiar steps leading to the stucco townhouse and rung the doorbell. He knew that he would be classed as desperate, but he really wanted to talk to Pixie. 'Dave?' she asked, smiling. 'What's up?' 'Erm, hey Pixie, you weren't answering your phone and I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema sometime? I know, this is pretty desperate, and -' 'Dave. Shut up, you have got to stop rambling if I'm supposed to sit through a film with you!' she interrupted. 'You want to come in? We're playing F12010 in Tom's room.' 'Sure.' Dave entered the poster adorned bedroom watching as Robbie and Tom fought over who was Jenson and who was Lewis. 'I don't understand boys, why you insist on supporting Mclaren. Red Bull is much better.' Pixie deduced, plonking herself in the middle of them. 'You only think that because Red Bull won the Championship.' argued Tom, setting up the game for four players. 'No! I think that because Sebastian Vettel is fit.' she replied smirking at the boys reactions. 'Plus the RB6 was much better than the MP4-25.' after this Robbie thought it best to throw the pillow at her, which she threw back, and started throwing some at Dave. Jumping on the bed, Robbie began pelting her with Tom's cushions. Pixie launched herself at him, and misjudged her jump and landed on top of him. When she began to get up, she just realised how close their faces were. 'Erm...' Pixie began, getting off Robbie and sitting back down beside Tom and Dave. 'So, have you finally set it up yet?' 'Yep. I'm Lewis, Robbie's Jenson, Dave's Alonso and you're the amazingly gorgeous Sebastian Vettel.' Tom said, smiling. 'Ooo, Tom are you swinging the other way?' Pixie inquired grabbing her controller. 'Not a chance.' he said flashing a smile. 'Race on.' Dave said, trying to keep up with Robbie and Pixie who were battling for the lead.[Chapter 7] Love Game Chapter 7 – Can't Get You Outta My Head A/N: Just to clarify for the previous chapter, if any of you didn't know what the RB6 or the MP4-25 was, they were Red Bull Racing's and Mclaren's race cars for the 2010 season. Also, do you want to see Robbie get with Pixie? Or Dave? Or Dave and Georgia? Review, review, review! (but read it first :) ) The race was won by Pixie. Tom and Dave were just so far behind, and they could not fathom how Robbie and Pixie could be so enthralled by cars moving around a track. Do you know what the worst thing was though? The two enthusiasts had cheekily set the game to a full length one. In Monaco. In fact, Dave and Tom got so bored that they took to driving the wrong way around the circuit, further annoying Robbie who was chasing Pixie by ten seconds. It wasn't that they didn't try leaving the room or switching off the console, it was just that Pixie managed to be so, observant . Tom lay in his bed, wondering what Robbie was thinking. He saw what transpired between those two, and pondered if Dave knew and saw their attraction. Robbie was his twin, sure but he couldn't stand to watch him completely trash his life due to some puppy love. Georgia would murder him for sure. his ex-girlfriend, no less. Enough about his former attraction to Pixie. He was in love with Jas although the constant vibe of the Ace Gang annoyed him to no end. If Robbie fell foul with Georgia, was there any hope of a happy life with Jas? In for a penny, in for a pound. That was what they said, right? He supported Pixie's decision on who she thought she wanted to be with, and hoped for the best, it didn't turn out to be Robbie. Not that she knew that he was in love with her, but the altercation they had could have sparked some iridescent forlorn feelings inside of her. Dave the Laugh could not be happier. He was wrapped up in the best kiss a guy could imagine. Not to mention it was with the girl of every man's dreams. Though, he couldn't help but think he was worthless. In a town like Eastbourne, he was regarded as the number one bachelor, but since the arrival of Tom and Robbie he was quickly losing his 'reign' over Eastbourne – if not already. It hurt him to arrive at the cinema and to be ignored, eyes focusing on his date instead of him. Lesbian or not, girls eyed Pixie, because she was that drop dead gorgeous. Dave had to wonder if the whole female would turn for her. Pixie broke the kiss looking deep into the eyes that resembled Robbie's so much. 'Did that answer your question?' 'It sure did.' Dave said replying. He had just asked her to be his girlfriend, and his reply? A smouldering kiss. Unlike any girls he had been with previously, Pixie could kiss . There was so many things that girl could do, she could sing and sound amazing without auto-tune, be that perfect, surprise him every time, be best friends with the most annoying twins and survive, Dave thought. He pulled her into another mind-blowing snog and told her truthfully, 'Pixie I think I'm falling in love with you.' He did not know what possessed him to utter the l-word, it was preposterous! Here he was confessing his love for a girl who he had known for less than two weeks, and waiting for an answer. He watched her eyes avert their gaze from his eyes, something flickering across them. 'It's okay if you don't feel the same way.' Why had he said that! Of course it mattered! 'It's ludicrous. I've known you for less than two weeks and I'm already feeling this way.' No it wasn't! 'I . . just, I'll be here when you're ready.' 'Dave, I don't know what to say. It's so sudden.' Pixie exclaimed. Pixie Fontaine didn't do love. All you had to do was look at her mother, Elysia Fontaine. Married and divorced six times, and with her demanding job and status in the high society she saw it weakness to show affection to people. Pixie had inherited this particular characteristic. 'I'll see you at school Pixie.' he replied giving her a fleeting kiss before making his way home. Pixie sighed walking into the stucco townhouse, not knowing that Robbie had been watching them and overheard their conversation. He rushed downstairs to greet her, and be her shoulder to cry on, missing his planned date with Georgia.[Chapter 8] Love Game Chapter 8 – Truth of the Matter it's Complicated AN: Yes, I know I haven't updated for two months (about) now. I'm sorry! January and February was full of my Science exams. . (don't take Triple Science ever!) but I got my results back on Thursday! B in Biology, and A's in Chemistry and Physics! Also I was doing my controlled assessments for German and Spanish, and I've got my results back for the latter. B in Oral, and A in Writing! - Our German teacher's like dead so she's not in school yet. . :) If you want to read something that I regularly update go on my profile for the link for my original fic – Expensive Rivalry! (Sorry it's quite short!) She put down her new Heartbeats headphones and pressed stop on her iPod as she heard the door creak open ever so slightly. Chocolate brown orbs met ice blue. The brunette still loitered by the doorway. 'Come in, or shut the bloody door! It's freezing!' said Pixie, ending the build up of silence. He walked in and sat on her bed, first moving some heavy books that had titles such as The Ultimate Revision Guide for Physics GCSE, To Kill a Mockingbird and Othello. He raised his eyebrow at Othello. Pixie was in his English Literature class and their teacher, Mr Brackpool had told them that they were studying Romeo and Juliet, and not Othello contrary to his brother's class who were. 'Okay, I really need to know.' he started, as Pixie's gaze became more flummoxed. 'What Tom?' she asked, confused at his abrupt entrance, and appalled at his choice of top. Who wore an orange zip-up hoodie along with a red t-shirt? 'Do you have any idea why Robbie's broken up with Gee?' he responded, though Pixie still stared back with a blank face. 'Georgia.' he provided. 'Well, when I came back from seeing The Adjustment Bureau with Dave he was acting really weird. .' Pixie stopped for a moment thinking. 'But I have absolutely no idea why after that he would break up with Georgia.' Tom stood for a moment, speechless. Of course . He must've heard Dave professing his love for Pixie or something like that. 'Did Dave say anything of meaning to you tonight? He asked. 'Er. .no?' 'Right. I'm sure he did. Did he tell you anything that contained the l-word?' Tom pryed. He would have to get to the bottom of this. If he did not sort out everything soon, his relationship with Jas would've gone straight to Hell and back. Pixie thought about it for a second. 'He said he enjoyed lifting weights?' Tom glared. 'Okay, he said that he was falling in love with me.' 'Did you reciprocate?' Pixie chuckled. 'Reciprocate? Why that's a long word for you Tom!' his glare only got icier, which was intensified by the colour of his eyes. Most people made the mistake of thinking that he had blue eyes, but in all relativity they were actually grey. Sucks for them , he thought. Robbie Jennings was not sneaky. No. He was merely interested. So, here he was being merely interested whilst spying on his brother and Pixie talking about him and Georgia. He didn't hear anything interesting till . . 'For Pete's sake! Don't you get it? He's in love with you! He always has been!' 'Who's Pete?' was her answer. Robbie laughed bitterly. Of course, it's Pixie Fontaine, she'd pick up on something like that first before inquiring into his love that he wished with everything he had was requited, though he knew that it couldn't be possible. Of course there was nothing wrong with the previous sentence. If it was not the fact that Pixie looked through the crack in the door that Tom had previously left. And saw him. Staring like a moron. 'Robbie!' she called, even more confused than ever. Robbie quickly fled back to the comfort of his room, locking the door as he did, and turning on the TV extra loud so that Pixie's knocks and cries would be drowned out. Tom sighed as he watched Pixie prepare to sleep outside of Robbie's room. Everything was going to get even more complicated, especially with school again tomorrow. He should have never told her about Robbie's feelings. But deep down, he really thought it was necessary for her to know. Now, all he had to do was tell Dave the Laugh. He braced himself. He had a low tolerance for pain.[Chapter 9] Love Game Chapter 9 – How Much Longer Will It Take To Cure This A/N: Yes, I know. Evil bitch I am. I've been boarding for the last couple of weeks, and the computers at school block Fan fiction – blasphemy! So I've had to write this by hand and spend ages deciphering my crappy handwriting. But good things have been happening at school, I didn't get Peer Listener, BUT I got Prefect and Maths Captain! :) -Also, can anyone help me write an application for Head Girl? Jas came into the room, bearing a girl's best friend. No, not diamonds. Ben and Jerry's ice cream and box sets of crappy series' such as; Gossip Girl and 90210. She sat down beside her best friend. 'Are you alright Gee?' she inquired, shocked at the news her friend had told her on the phone. Why would her boyfriend just dump her like that? Without explanation, and by text of all methods! 'I'll pull through. It's not like I was in love with him or anything.' she said, words choking up at the word 'love'. Jas pulled her into a hug, and patted her back as Georgia let out all her tears, mascara finding it's way onto Jas' new Ralph Lauren Polo. Shakily, she withdrew, and focused on her patch of mascara and tears. 'Oh my god! I'm so sorry, that was new, from your Aunt.' Georgia apologised, shaking her head manically. 'It's alright Gee. Now, it's mufti day today and you know what you're going to do? Knock em' dead. Make him know what it is that he's missing not being with you.' Jas suggested, moving over to the stripy bag she brought full of goodies and make-up. 'We're giving you a makeover, albeit short.' 'Jas, that won't be necessary. I don't care about him anymore. To be honest when he dumped me, I didn't really feel pain, just hollow. The pain came later, thinking that he dumped me because of that Australian bitch.' 'He probably did.' Jas finally said. Georgia swivelled her head to meet her eyes. 'Explain.' 'Tom was saying something the other day, and he strongly implied that Robbie was in love with Pixie when they all were in London, and still was.' Jas said calmly. 'He couldn't help it. Love is a evil device when it wants to be.' 'He couldn't help getting with me, despite loving another?' Georgia asked, not entirely believing it. Jas sighed. 'He thought she would never return. He wanted someone to make him happy, and for a short while you did. But a fling could never compare in his eyes to a love that had been well in the works.' 'When did you become oh-so knowledgeable?' 'My mother.' she said simply and Georgia nodded. Jas' mother was a renowned psychologist and had written several books detailing her discoveries, and common problems that the everyday woman had, but couldn't admit. (Page Break) Dave waited outside the Jennings which was incredibly tense. He had come to surprise his girlfriend by walking with her to school. Girlfriend. It felt good saying that. He stood on the doorstep, about to press the bell, when he heard interesting snippets of conversation. 'You owe me an explanation.' 'You're meant to be my brother, which means you're meant to be on my side. You can't just tell people my secrets.' 'So I'm just people now am I? I don't hate the time for this, I'm off to school.' 'Wait up, me too.' It was that moment that both Tom and Pixie burst out of the front door and collided with Dave, who was smiling. 'Hey.' he greeted. Pixie's and Tom's eyes narrowed. From the looks of it, Dave had been standing outside for an awfully long time, earwigging. They both ignored him, and set off to school, when Robbie burst out of the house – not even giving him a second glance – running over to Pixie and Tom who were debating Dave's misdoings. 'I owe you an explanation - ' Robbie was cut off. 'To be honest, I don't care. You had your chance last night, and what did you do? You blew it. Friendships, relationships, what's the difference? Both bring love and pain.' Pixie said, stoic. Tom nodded in agreement of the last phrase. Because of Robbie's rashness, Jas had refused to see him, on grounds that she had to deal with a broken Georgia. Dave eventually caught up with the rest of the group, and was met with a icy reception. 'You,' Pixie started, glaring. 'You, I can't trust. If I can't trust someone, I can't possibly have hopes of a relationship with them. You know, it would've have been easier if you admitted outright you eavesdropped on our conversation. But you chose to dismiss it. Come on Thomas, let's rid ourselves of these misfits.' Dave and Robbie were left in silence as they both watch Pixie and Tom walk to the bus stop whilst discussing the difficulty of the Literature essay on Romeo and Juliet that they had to compare to poem. ","Summary":" Love Game An Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging Fic. Chapter 1 – Sparks Fly Like Electric Shocks. A"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Try and Beat Me","Author":"pipsqueak66","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5716552","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: my first ATAPS fanfic, any good? Let me know please! Chapter One \"I swear she's out to get me!\" I whined to Robbie. \"Georgia, we talked about this, she is not out to get you!\" Ever since his ex-girlfriend from London showed up she had been trying to ruin things between me and him. Robbie refused to believe me, but I could tell. \"That's what you think,\" I murmured \"but she is completely in love with you and she is trying to win you back.\" He sighed and stopped walking abruptly. It was warm out but the beach still seemed cool, the tide was beginning to come in and very few people were swimming. \"You mean everything to me,\" he spoke finally looking directly into my eyes \"I can't see myself without you, Georgia, I need you to realize that she means nothing to me. \"Okay, fine,\" I surrendered. He smiled the soft cocked-headed smile I loved so much and took my hand. Although Robbie had never told me he loved me, I knew he did. And I realized that it was the same for him. We were in love and nothing could get in the way of that. I was trying to force myself to believe that our love was strong enough to withstand anything. Part of me knew that I was being stupid, and that it would, but another part of me felt as if it needed to be proved. But it would be strong enough. Emilee meant nothing to him, but that seemed hard. She was a goddess in every way, perfect hair; teeth, skin and her clothes were always amazing. The fact that Robbie wanted me over her, was completely dumbfounding, I had decided not to be perfect anymore, but sometimes being me didn't feel like enough. It's always impossible to not get lost in Robbie's eyes. They are probably the most distinguishing feature on his face… my mind was swimming with thoughts as I attempted to take notes in class, but Robbie was sitting right in front of me, and his hair was laying perfectly on the back of his head. His muscles could be lightly traced through his shirt. \"Georgia!\" Jas swatted my arm \"earth to Georgia.\" \"What?\" I murmured dumbly. \"It's time to go, wake up, and come on! Robbie and Tom are waiting.\" When we stepped outside the building, Tom was suddenly next to Jas. He draped his arm around her shoulders and proceeded to ask her about her day. We walked as a group towards the gate, I felt like a third wheel and it seemed as if people were watching me. I wish I hadn't rounded the corner by the gate. Or maybe, it was a good thing but when my eyes focused to the change in light, all I could see what Emilee's hand placed on Robbie's arm. Her uniform was trimmed the absolute minimum allowed. She stole a glance in my directing as Robbie talked to her. Then, just as I gather my thoughts and started to walk towards them, he placed her hands on the back of his neck and pulled his lips to hers. And Robbie kissed her back.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two I ran. But saying I just ran would be an understatement that was understated, if you understand. The predicament being that my boyfriend who is completely perfect was just kissing the girl who had made it her life plan to socially kill me. I was running faster and harder then I ever had in my life. Tears streamed down my face, my vision became cloudy making it almost impossible to run. I could feel my face burning; tears were falling off my face and onto my chest. The only thing that was wrong with my running for my sex god boyfriend was the fact that I was slow, and well, I four minute mile wouldn't be impossible for him. I knew that he would catch up to me if I stopped running, but then again, he would probably catch me either way. I knew that he would chase me and probably explain, looking into my eyes with his making me melt at the knees. He would apologize profusely and beg for me to forgive him. Then he would do something about the Emilee situation, and I would go back to my regular life. But I needed to keep going, to run, to show him that I wouldn't give in that easily. I pushed through crowds of people, pretending not to notice their looks at me. It was almost impossible to pretend that I didn't care that I looked stupid. \"Georgia!\" he called from behind me. \"Georgia! Please!\" I turned quickly around the corner and ran quickly through the brick arches that lined the outside of one of the academy's buildings. \"Georgia! Georgia, we need to talk about this!\" he was close behind me now \"Georgia!\" I felt a smile start to spread across my face, would it be wrong to feel good about making him feel bad? Because I felt horrible, if he felt bad I would feel a little better- a little. Maybe it would… I continued to run, around people, through cliques, around the grasslands, and through the halls –until my coordination kicked in – my foot slid on the marble and I felt myself falling. It was one of those slow motion falls where you could only wait for the pain to start. But there was no pain. None at all, there were hands on my back pulling me up to my feet. And then I was turning, or someone was turning me. Then suddenly, I was looking right at him. \"Georiga-\" \"No,\" I tried to spin around and pull away from him. \"Georgia,\" he paused looking into my eyes \"please.\" I felt my knees start to fall beneath me. He grabbed my arms quickly and steadied me. I felt like some force was trying to push me into the ground. I didn't care about looking strong anymore. I allowed the tears to roll down my cheeks. I felt like I was in the middle of a movie, where the ending would be happy and cheery. But I wasn't sure if the happy ending would happen. Robbie's eyes pleaded with me. I argued with myself in my head. Should I forgive him? Yes or no? I opened my mouth to speak, but just as I did, Emilee approached. \"Robbie, darling,\" she smiled seductively. \"You!\" I'd never seen Robbie's face so angry \"stay away from me!\" \"Oh, honey, don't be like that,\" she placed her hand on his arm which he shrugged off quickly. As she was talking he brother David walked up to her side. \"Robbie,\" he muttered standing next to his sister. \"David,\" Robbie swiftly pulled my by the arm behind him. And I was prepared for the fight to break out. A/N: Thank you everyone for the amazing reviews!!! I love that you love my story!!!!!! Please review again, tell me what you think, and I will write more soon. 3 pipsqueak66[Chapter 3] Chapter Three \"You should treat my sister with a little more respect,\" David sneered. Robbie stiffled laughter, \"I would, but I'm afraid she doesn't desurve it!\" Tom suddenly was standing next to Robbie, cracking his knuckles as he walked up. His friend Dave approached on Robbie's other side, also preparing to defend me. I felt my heart skip a beat, and my stomach began to churn. \"Hell she does!\" David spat through his teeth, \"she's worth way more then that! Why would you pick her over Emilee anyways?\" \"Who wouldn't pick Georgia over Emilee? Georgia is perfect, she is wonderful. I cannot imagine a girl better then Georgia in the entire world,\" Robbie's face was becoming red, he was breathing heavy hands balled up into fists. He looked like he was going to kill David. I couldn't let Robbie get into a fight on school grounds, he would be suspended. What would that do? Nothing, I wasn't worth it anyway, he shouldn't want to protect me. \"Robbie!\" Before I could even think about what I was doing, I was standing infront of him, trying to push him away from David who was laughing like the whole thing was just a big joke to him, \"Robbie, please, he's not worth the fight.\" \"I think he is,\" Robbie hissed. \"I don't care what he think's about me, it doesn't and never will matter. He can think what he want's it only matter what you and I think of each other. That's it, nothing more! Please understand that!\" \"I can't. I mean,\" he sighed \"Gerogia, I do, but this is you we're talking about. You're my world, my everything.\" \"Then please, please, for me, Robbie, don't do this.\" \"Sweetie,\" he murmured \"I'm not okay just letting him get away with this. And I never will be.\" I could hear David giggling from behind me. He was whispering something to Emilee. Something about me I was sure. I knew how Robbie had felt, why he was so upset with everything that had happened, and all the anger built up inside him. Hearing David laughing from behing me, was making mefeel the same way. And before I could control myself, I was turning around, my arm swinging wide right into his nose. \"Oh, no,\" I whispered, spinning around, pushing Robbie out of my way and running through the crowd that had been formed. * * * The park was empty, at least close to it, most of the families that had been there in the afternoon had packed up and left, or they were leaving as I entered. It was strangely calming, being alone in the park. It was almost silent except for the light trickling of the fountain's water, in the distance you could hear cars driving, but other then that, there was nothing. I wasn't pacing, but I was walking around in circles. I probably looked like an idiot, clutching my phone in my hand waiting for a call from Robbie or Jas, but sub conciously I was being selfish, I wanted someone else to get me out of this situation, someone else to fix it. \"Oh look, its little Georgia.\" I knew that voice, the lisp, the sneering sound. I closed my eyes as I turned around, praying to god that it wasn't who I thought it was. Appearantly god wasn't answering my wishes today. \"David,\" I murmured. \"Not so tough without Robbie around, I see,\" his friends laughed lightly \"that's okay, it makes things a little easier.\" And with that they attatcked me. A/N sorry it's been a little long. I was having trouble writing this chapter, I don't think it's as good as the others, but I tried. So please review and tell me what you think.[Chapter 4] A/N: Thanks to everyone for the amazing reviews. I love you guys!!!! Special thanks to Rose47doctor for making me want to write more! Chapter Four I pulled my hood up so far over my face I had to look at my feet in order to walk. I figured he would be waiting for me outside the front door. So, I took a deep breath and pulled the brass handle. Robbie was standing in his usual place leaning against the side of the gate. His eyebrows ruffled as I stepped next to him. \"What are you wearing?\" he asked. \"Well,\" I started walking \"you se you can't freak out.\" \"Freak out?\" he stopped abruptly pulling my wrist to make me stop too I had to stifle the whimper that almost escaped my lips \"Georgia, what are you talking about? I haven't seen you in two weeks I'm already freaked out\" Carefully I pulled the hood down; my face was swollen along the right side. My eye was so blue it could almost be called black; the left side of my lip was cut up and covered with dried blood. In simple terms – I looked like a train wreck. \"Oh my god,\" he breathed. \"I know.\" \"Georgia! What the hell happened?\" I felt suddenly defensive \"nothing,\" I muttered and clomped away. \"Georgia! Georgia, please! Stop!\" \"I did, and when I turned around the only thing that I saw was his eyes. His large beautiful eyes filled with pain and concern. \"Please don't be mad.\" I whispered \"I don't want you to be angry with me.\" He shook his head indicating that he wouldn't and then I spoke again: \"its dumb really, David and his friends beat me up in the Park.\" Robbie's jaw clenched together and his breathing became more ridged, his breaths no longer even. \"You promised,\" I reminded him. \"But-\" he started to protest. \"No! there is no way you are going to argue about this!\" \"Geogia, you don't understand! I don't want anything to happen to you! This is just the beginning I have to do something! Now!\" \"You can't. I don't want you to egg him on its not worth it. If you try and do something about it, everything will be ruined.\" \"What will be ruined?\" he ruffled his eye brows. \"He beat me up! And I'm dealing with it maturly, if you go beat him up it looks like I'm weak and can't handle this. It also shows that you have to protect me, which you don't.\" He groaned \"Georgia…\" \"Look,\" I murmured \"I love that you care enough to worry and to be angry at him this much. It makes me realize that I am so lucky to have you. But if you go and beat him up you'll be acting just as immature as he is.\" I paused \"Just be the better person. Do it for me, please?\" \"Okay.\" * * * That night it was almost impossible to concentrate on my homework. My mind was wandering. Robbie might try and do something, he might think he's helping the situation when really, he wasn't. What could I do? Maybe I wasn't supposed to do anything, things may have been fine. But on the other hand, if I didn't do anything what I had already done could be a mistake. Why couldn't I just leave things alone? Then again, I was leaving things alone – I wasn;t fighting back. Was Robbie fighting him now? David could hurt him or Robbie could hurt David, which wouldn't be bad unless Robbie got into trouble. My mind was running in crazy unsolvable circles. \"Jas?\" I asked when the phone was picked up. \"My life is a disaster.\" \"What happened?\" \"Nothing, well I don't know, maybe something.\" \"Is this about Emilee?\" I sighed Jas had the T.V. on in the back ground \"Maybe?\" \"Well, I don't know. . .\" \"Oh my god! Oh my god, Jas!\" \"What? What happened?\" I could barely bring myself to speak. \"I don't know why I didn't realize it before.\" \"Huh?\" \"Jas! I was supposed to get my period last week. I'm seven days late. I had thought of the possibility of… of.\" \"No. Georgia, there is no way.\" My mind went blank my world falling into pieces \"Raped.\" A/N so there's my little PG-13 not greatest chapter. Please review though. Thanks(:[Chapter 5] Chapter Five The pacing started after my phone call with Jas. The pacing ended when my coordination kicked in and I landed on my face. Landing on your face when its all cut up and bruised because… because- well its just not fun. The point is, my lack of coordination and the fact that I felt like my stomach was going to drop any second brought me tumbling to the floor. And that's where I stayed. Lying on the floor like a failure, crying about everything until I had no reason to cry anymore. Every moment of the last few weeks replaying in my head like a horror movie that couldn't be stopped. My life had suddenly become nightmare. I only wish I could've woken up. I could've happily stayed on the floor for the rest of my life. Sulking about everything and cheering about nothing, but parents always interfere. Mom walked in at 11:30 probably expecting me to be curled up in sheets. Instead she knocked the wind out of me with her stiletto boots. \"Georgia? Honey what's wrong?\" Not responding seemed like the only good option. Otherwise I would have to get into the whole thing with her tonight. I figured that putting off the conversation another day couldn't hurt. Bungee jumping off the Empire State building is probably nothing compared to the fear that I felt. It was a fear that I couldn't even explain. It was physically impossible to comprehend what I was feeling. Even I didn't know for sure. My days became a blur. At school I was a mindless drone walking around like I didn't belong. It didn't matter anymore. Nothing mattered. Two tests came out positive and one negative. The chances were really slim that I wasn't carrying David's baby. I felt like I was just waiting for my period, the one thing girls don't always look forward to. \"Georgia,\" Robbie whispered placing his jacket around my shoulders \"it's going to be okay.\" \"No,\" I replied \"it isn't.\" \"I hate to say this, but you're going to have to tell your parents.\" \"We don't know for sure!\" \"I think we do.\" \"Robbie,\" I muttered \"no offence, but shut up.\" \"You only say that because I'm right. Please, don't be angry with me. I just cannot watch you go through this without them. At least tell your mom right now, she will probably know what to do.\" The problem was: Robbie was right. He was completely right. I had to tell her. I needed my mother. But there was something inside stopping me. Something I couldn't explain a feeling like I should wait. \"I think you should tell her now.\" Robbie paused at my front door, \"It's going to be fine.\" Without missing a beat he pulled me to him and kissed me gently on the lips. \"Okay,\" and I walked through the door into my death. \"Mom?\" \"I'm in here,\" her call came from the kitchen. I padded down the hallway towards her. \"How was your date, hun?\" \"Fine,\" I took a water bottle out of the fridge and sat at the counter. \"What's wrong? You look down.\" \"Mom,\" I took a deep breath, \"I need to talk to you.\" \"Uh, oh. What happened?\" I told her the entire story. Starting with Emilee at school, then the fight. After that I told her what happened at the park, at least what I knew. \"What did the tests say?\" \"Two positive,\" I paused \"one negative.\" \"Well,\" mom stood up \"we should probably take a visit to the doctor. To find out if you really are pregnant. We also need to do something about this David kid.\" \"What… what kind of something?\" \"Well, I think the authorities need to know.\" Suddenly there was a pounding on the door that made my hear jump: \"Police! Open up.\" And my world crashed down.[Chapter 6] Chapter Six My heart began beating fast. My palms started to sweat. My head was pounding. \"Can I help you?\" My mother was completely calm and collected when she answered the door. \"Mam, we need to speak with you and your daughter.\" \"Is there something wrong?\" Mom stepped aside and allowed the two officers to walk into the foyer. \"No, Mam, this is about the…er… incident in the park.\" \"You know about that?\" \"A boy came into my office this morning and filled me in on what happened. At least what he knew about what had happened. Rape is serious business; we're going to need you and your daughter to come with us.\" \"Georgia!\" I took a deep breath and shrugged my jacket on walking over to the door where the officers waited for me. The police station is a large building with no character. Three stories high filled with people in uniform, people crying to officers about a lost loved one. People who smiled at you softly when they noticed you were being taken to the investigators office. Officers who glanced down at the bruises that made up your face. Then, there was Detective Earl Coin. Detective Coin was a man with no feelings, at least no visible feelings. He didn't have pictures of his family on his desk. There were no paintings hanging on the walls. The only color in his entire office was coming from his computer which had a blue screen with a single banner reading \"to protect and serve.\" \"Georgia,\" he paused \"I realize that this is a tough issue for you. Talking about what happened will most likely be difficult, but we need to know everything you know. Everything.\" I nodded slightly and watched his hand trace down a list of questions. \"Do you know who raped you?\" \"Someone in David's group,\" I murmured. \"Do you know which guy?\" \"I'm not positive, but it was probably David. He's sort of the leader. I'm not making an accusation though, because I am just not sure.\" He made a quick note on his pad before looking at me again. \"Why didn't you tell anyone right away?\" I felt a tear trickle down my cheek. I didn't want to look weak, but things were starting to flood back to me. I was being hit, kick punched. Trying to run, but becoming so shaky that I couldn't. My legs were giving out from under me as something grabbed my shoulder throwing my body to the ground as if I was a doll. David was standing over me \"What do we do with her now?\" \"Nothing, Man. Let's just go!\" It was Josh, David's closest friend \"we're going to get in trouble as it is.\" \"Relax, Josh. I've got a better idea…\" \"I didn't know I was raped, I couldn't remember it.\" \"You couldn't remember?\" I looked at my mom for help, but she was silent and staring at her hands. \"They knocked me out!\" I screamed at him \"Okay? I don't know!\" \"Georgia, I'm going to have to ask you to calm down.\" He stood up towering over me, \"this is serious, and unless you answer these questions we can't help you.\" \"I think she needs a break,\" Mom said finally, \"what if we come back tomorrow?\" \"We're out of time anyways. I have others to question.\" I looked at him, shocked. \"You're questioning David. You're questioning him?\" \"Of course I am I need to talk to everyone involved. Oh, Georgia, you're going to want to go the doctor, just to make sure everything's okay.\" \"Right, the doctor.\" \"He's right,\" Mom murmured \"you need to see a doctor. So much could be wrong.\" \"I'm pregnant. What else could be wrong?\" \"Lots, hon.\" \"Mom!\" \"What?\" She looked at me cautiously. \"Mom! There's a car–\"[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven My world slowed down. I felt like a movie, whipping around my hair covering my face as the car made contact with my mom's frozen body. \"Mom!\" things moved even slower. Mom's body was rolling on the hood. Was she ok? \"Mom! No please!\" Flash! \"Please turn around,\" the woman's voice sounded muffled and mono tone over the intercom. I brushed the hair off my neck and lowered my shirt to reveal the bruise - one of many - lined by the shape of his fingers. Flash! Each camera click explained how I felt exactly. Everything was slow, but at the same time, every second things were changing. In the blink of an eye, my world changed again. \"Yunedtomovmiss.\" \"What?\" I questioned the officer, murmuring quietly \"oh, right.\" My legs were heavy, dragging behind me as I walked towards the sidewalk. Officers were picking up pieces of shattered glass. Sweeping it off to the side, and placing tape around everything. That's when people started gathering, to stare at the remains of my life. Annihilated and empty. The arms pulled me, his hands soft and strong at the same time, into his arms. Folding me into his chess, the perfect puzzle solved as I molded into him. \"It's ok,\" he whispered moving the hair off my face \"everything is going to be okay.\" I nodded, not willing to talk. Not willing to do anything. I wanted to curl up and sleep forever. \"We need to get you out of here,\" he continued \"I think you need to get away.\" Robbie took my hand and pushed his way into the crowd. I murmured a quick \"thanks\" and left him at the door. Bolting upstairs and collapsing on my bed. I hugged my knees to my chest and poured out until I could only wish there were still tears. Then, at least, I could get all my feelings out. \"Georgia,\" knock knock \"wake up.\" \"No.\" \"Georgia, honey please,\" Dad begged \"I made breakfast.\" I heard him shuffle around when I didn't answer, and then his weight on the edge of my bed, \"We were thinking we'd go visit Mom today.\" Go visit her, go and see her broken body, barely filled with life. What if she didn't wake up? What if she laid there for the rest of her so called life, heart beating, but never woke up? What's the point of a life when you don't get to live it? \"Georgia,\" he pleaded \"say something. We're worried about you, about what your turning into. You haven't been yourself lately, and even though we're all suffering from what's happened to both you and your mother I've realize you have taken it epically hard.\" \"I don't want to talk about it.\" My response was simple and lifeless. \"You don't have to talk about it, not to me, not to anyone.\" \"Thanks, Dad.\" I muttered. \"Oh, Robbie's been calling all morning, you should talk to him. At least tell him you're okay.\" \"Okay.\" \"I love you,\" and with that he closed the door. I felt like everyone was putting pressure on me. Everything was changing, and I didn't have the answers. It's not like I want to have the child of someone who raped me. But I couldn't come to terms with myself. It was obvious that keeping the child was not possible. Not with everything happening. And I was not about to get my child aborted. Which left mainly one option, adoption. But I could feel my baby, my child. I knew it was there and even though the father was a terrible monster, I didn't know if I'd be able to go through pregnancy, then birth all to give up my child. Who would? Another part of me, though, realized that I couldn't take care of a child, not at my age, not with school. I'm still a child myself. It was all too much. I knew that someone out there, wanted a child, but could not be blessed with one. And there are people who will always be loving and strong; wanting the best for all children. I just had to find them.[Chapter 8] A/N: So my power is out because of a lot of snow and stuff, and it's freezing! Also, we've been without power for over 24 hours now! I'm mad at xcel energy because they are so freakin' slow! Anyways now I'm at my dad's office and I've done all my homework, so believe it or not, I'm bored. Please excuse any grammer or spelling errors, this keyboard bugs me, and it doesn't show me any mistakes etc. Please Review! Chapter Eight \"I think you're nuts,\" Robbie replied. \"Am not!\" I replied between laughs \"you're the crazy one.\" \"I resent that,\" he stifled laughter, and took my hand in his when I tried to slap his arm. \"So, how are you doing?\" He murmured. \"Fine.\" \"Really?\" \"Totally,\" I walked faster. Robbie sighed and ran up next to me. \"Don't you want to talk about it?\" \"Nope,\" I popped the 'p' and pulled my phone out of my pocket. \"C'mon Georgia, I'm worried about you. You haven't been yourself, not tht I can blame you, but really it's starting to creep me out.\" \"You have nothing to worry about,\" I smiled \"I'm figuring this all out.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"It means,\" I leaned against the wall \"I'm giving the baby to a family who can take care of it.\" \"Wait,\" he tugged on the neck of his sweatshirt. \"We're not keeping it?\" \"Y-you wanted to?\" I studdered. \"Well,\" Robbie started \"the thought crossed my mind.\" \"It's not your baby, you aren't the father.\" \"I may not be the father, but I could be it's dad.\" I tried to catch my breath. Sometimes it all felt like too much and I honestly couldn't handle it. \"Robbie,\" I pushed his chin up, making him look at me. \"I didn't know you were willing to do that.\" \"I'd do anything for you.\" \"What a line,\" I muttered. He laughed \"there's the Georgia I know. Listen, it may be a line, but it's also the truth. I am one hundred percent yours. And I will support you no matter what your decision is. I just hope you make the right decision.\" \"Ugh!\" I moaned, sinking to the ground. Thunder groweled overhead, \"that's the problem! What justifies the right decision? I don't know if I'm fit to be a mother, but I don't want to spend the rest of my life wondering about my baby. Wondering if I did the right thing, giving it to someone else.\" \"You'll know what's right.\" \"How?\" I whimpered. \"You're a good person, you have great morals and you make the best decisions. You will make the right one, and you have time. So, you don't have to rush it.\" \"Help me,\" I whined like a little kid, \"please.\" \"Of course.\" The crowd was wild; untamed, for The Stiff Dylans. I was pushing my way through the crowd behind Jas. She'd dressed me up saying \"you're not going to have this body in a few months, you'd better appreciate it now\" and that is how I found my self in a sequined black dress and three inch heels that were almost impossible to walk in when on the sand. \"This was a great idea,\" I said sarcastically, \"these shoes and a concert on the beach.\" \"Oh shut up, you look amazing!\" Jas sang \"it's totally worth it.\" The second Jas saw Tom she bolted over and jumped into his arms. That's when I stopped, turned around and ordered a sprite. \"Thanks,\" I murmured to the bartender as I plopped down on a stool. I felt alone, and that could be partially my fault because I was sitting by myself, not talking to others, but I just felt as if there was no one there for me anymore. And nobody understod my situation. My phone vibrated in my pocket. I pulled it out and peered at the screen, I couldn't read it though, it was too sunny on the beach. \"Hello?\" I groaned. \"Yes, Georgia? It's Detective Coin.\" I snapped to attention, \"oh, hi.\" \"Could you come down to the station?\" he asked \"there's something you'll want to know.\"[Chapter 9] You should read this authors note, I don't write them because I enjoy the bold font. Ok…. Maybe I like the bold font…. Just kidding :P but read it. A/N: Hello faithful readers! I suck, I know. I need to update more often, I'm sorry! Truly, I am. Lately I have been overwhelmed by the end of the school year. I was also very sick for a while which was awful. Stay healthy, trust me! Anyways, now that the school year and finals are over, I have more time to do things I love like write fan fiction. Also, I got this AWESOME anonymous review which informed my of my comma habit (thank you) and was so sweet and nice, it made me want to write this. My sincerest gratitude anonymous reviewer. Chapter Nine \"Hi,\" I smiled to the receptionist, \"I'm here to see Detective Coin.\" \"You must be Georgia, he's expecting you. Go on back.\" \"Thanks,\" I whispered opening the door and making my way back through the familiar hallway. \"Georgia,\" he shook my hand again and gestured at the seat across from his desk. \"I'm glad you came. We have some information from the…er…incident.\" \"What kind of information?\" \"We can't give you a lot of information at this time. The person who released information wanted confidentiality. I called you, Georgia, because I think you will be interested to know that we have the story from another point of view. What I'm curious to know, is why they don't match up.\" I was stunned. My palms started to sweat, and I felt my stomach drop. They don't match up? I didn't lie, but I was unconscious. What if I was wrong? Am I going to jail? \"Georgia?\" \"Uh…er… I don't know. I told you the truth. You believe me don't you?\" He leaned back in his chair and stared at me. \"That, my dear, is what I'm trying to decide.\" Fresh air. It's like the ultimate medicine, if you're sick, I promise you you'll feel better if you just step outside. I bolted out the front door with a sudden adrenaline rush. My shoes in hand so I could run. That's what I did. I ran. I have no idea how long, or how far, but I found myself at the hospital. I had the urge to leave, and I almost did once or twice, but soon enough I was asking the receptionist where my mom was. \"Mom?\" The door opened quietly and I stepped through. She looked so small, like a little kid. Asleep or unconscious in her bed. \"Mom?\" She was covered in bandages. Her hair was matted to the pillow, this woman looked nothing like the mother I knew. I'd never seen a face so pale, so lifeless on a body that was still working. Still breathing, with a heart beating, the whole bal of wax. \"Mom,\" I cried, alligator tears rolled from my chin to the floor. My small hands were trembling. \"You need to wake up, Mom.\" I sniffled, \"please.\" A wave of nausea rushed over me. I bolted for the second time in a matter of minutes. I couldn't see her like that. Tiny, broken, and helpless. That woman wasn't my mother, she couldn't be. But she was. The worst part was I couldn't do anything. I couldn't change anything. Not one thing. This was his fault. His doing. I couldn't control that no matter how much I wish I could. This all traced back to one person. One egotistical asshole by the name of David. When I got home, I climbed the stairs to my room, shut off the lights and buried myself beneath the covers. My life was breaking down, falling apart. I needed to find a family for the baby. Robbie had been sweet but there was no way we could keep the baby. Besides, babies are expensive. Even having one is expensive. Shit. How am I supposed to pay for doctors appointments? My parents, no doubt would offer, but mom already has medical bills up to her eyeballs. I decided not to worry. Instead, I curled my legs to my chest, and pushed all thoughts to the back of my mind. Sleep came almost instantly. I woke to a constant sound, it was as if bees were swarming my room. An overwhelming buzzing sound. It was persistent and annoying as hell. My phone, of course. I looked at the screen, illuminating my face in the darkness, then I held the big red key until it faded to black. I spent the remainder of the day watching old movies and eating goldfish. Anything to avoid the real world for just a while longer. ","Summary":" A/N: my first ATAPS fanfic, any good? Let me know please! Chapter One \"I swear she's out to get me"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Gamer Boy","Author":"purpleroyal52","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7592624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gamer Boy- Characters Lee Pearson- Fun loving, and totally video game obsessed 12 year old twin brother of Art. Is soo glad his best friend, Allie Dawson is coming on vacation with him and his family. But when some old alien guests decide to pay the Pearson kids a visit, things get a little less sunny and a lot more like war. He really likes Allie. Nicknames: LeeBaby, LeeBear, BooBear, Leester, Twin Allie Dawson- Lee's best friend who hopes their relationship will blossom. Was the first one to know about the Zirkonians when he got back from vacation. Loves to play video games, text, play laser tag, and listen to music like Lee. Nicknames: ( the ones marked with the * icon are the nicknames Lee calls her) Alliecat, *Alybear, Als, kangaroo,bunny, * Snooki, * Snooks, Snowball Looks: .com/pictures/2007/07/25/previews/Logan% Cast ofAliens in the Attic- Nicole Simmons- Allie's girl best friend who knows that Lee likes Allie. But made a deal with him not to tell her. She made the same deal with Allie, yet neither of them knows of the deal the other made with Nicole. Looks: .com/wp/Janel_Parrish_in_Bratz:_The_Movie_Wallpaper_17_ Britt Houston- Is the other best friend of Lee and Allie. She is very strategic but also has a fun side. She really likes Art.(Lee's twin bro not the talent) Looks: .com/MediaBin/Galleries/Imported/BioPix/Ro/Bio_ Ryan Lane- One of Lee's best friends. He is fun loving and very funny. He is the jokester of the group. Looks: .com/images/casts/United_States/20659/Slade_Pearce_20659_ Daniel Carter- The idea guy in Lee and Allie's 'posse'. He likes Nicole, but hides it by bickering with her constantly. Looks: .com/pictures/2010/05/28/previews/Jaden% Liam Ashton- Bethany's new boyfriend. * Note- Nana Rose Pearson is with Stu and his family in this fanfic[Chapter 2] Gamer Boy Ch. 1 Allie's POV (BTW, Allie's wearing this.) link: .com/cgi/set?id=12651525 •Laser Tag Arena \"I know where you are, Snooki.\" His silky smooth voice echoed across the walls of the arena. And by his I mean my best friend Lee Pearson. It was our usual Friday late night laser tag battle. I got everyone out except for Lee. This means war. I had a plan. \"You win, Lee. I surrender.\" I said slyly, putting my hands up in surrender. Britt looked up at me with a look that said 'You're not really gonna give up that easy are you?'. I shook my head and jumped onto the railing to the stair ramp, looking around. \"Behind you.\" I heard a voice say. Lee was behind me, twirling his laser \"gun\" around his finger. I quickly jumped the railing and did a backflip to get to the next floor of the arena. \"Very classy. But I will get you.\" I heard him say sarcastically. I turned quickly and pointed my laser at his vest and shot. Pang! I suddenly felt my vest vibrate. I wasn't the one who shot. It was Lee. I had lost. I only had one thing to say. \"You won.\" I said, my expression was blank. \"The reign of the champion Allie has finally ended.\" Lee's older brother, Jake said walking out of the place where the people who got out of the game sat. I walked over to Jake, looked at him, and smacked his arm hard. \"What did you do that for?\" Lee asked, walking next to me. \"He made me mad.\" I said, shrugging. \"Ahh.\" He said, understanding. Tomorrow I would be going on summer vacation with the Pearsons, so I was sleeping over. It wasn't a big deal though, because my parents have known the Pearsons for a long time. I walked over to Nicole and Britt. \"Hey Snowball, are you physched about tomorrow?\"Nicole asked, wiggling her eyebrows. \"Yes. But you didn't say anything to Lee about our little \"discussion\" right?\" I asked her sitting on a stool next to her. \"Nope. He's clueless.\" She said, as a waiter brought us our buffalo wings. Suddenly, the boys stopped talking and looked at our table, then back at each other, and swarmed our table. \"Guys! Get your own buffalo wings! And Daniel, get your greasy hands off of my wings!\" Nicole yelled. Me and Britt just looked at each other with the \"Wow. Guys can eat anything\" look on our faces. I just sat there with a bored expression, and pulled out my PSP and started playing Guitar Hero 3. I looked up when the guys ate all of our wings. \"You guys! Alright, one of you is going to pay for a replacement food. Which one of y'all human vacuums is gonna pay up?\" I asked, looking at them with the \"I mean business\" look. Art pointed at Jake who pointed at Daniel who pointed at Ryan who ended the game by pointing at Lee. He looked up with a defeated look on his face. \"What flavor?\" He asked, getting out 10 bucks. I smiled and said, \"Mild buffalo.\" He returned shortly with a pretzel in one hand and my wings in the other. Me and Nicole looked at him with a \"Dude, seriously you got a pretzel.\" look. \"What? I really wanted a pretzel.\" He said, handing me the wings. Then Jake tried to get a piece of Lee's pretzel, but Lee slapped his hand away. I laughed, but Jake shut me up quickly. \"Hush up and eat your wings.\" He said with a bitter look on his face. I stuck my tongue out at him in protest. \"Uh oh. Careful, Jake. You're sleeping under the same roof as her tonight, watch what you say.\" Britt said, eating some wings. \"She has a point.\" Art said, taking a sip of his Mountain Dew. For the rest of the night, we played games like Deal or No Deal and Rock Band. Then we all went home. I got into Lee's dad's car and went to their house. It looked like this: /wp-content/uploads/2010/07/Spectacular-Georgian-style-house_ Lee's Room: .com/bhg/images/2008/07/p_ I changed into these: .com/hello_kitty_intimates_sweet_tart/thing?id=37012345 Allie's PSP: . Lee's PSP: . Allie's DS: . Lee's DS: .com/assets/resources/2008/02/ds_lite_ Allie's IPod Touch: . Lee's IPod Touch: .com/img3/item/208/212/816/g_ Allie's Phone: . Lee's Phone: . Next Morning• \"Wake up, Alliecat.\" Lee said, shaking me. 5 minutes later and I still wouldn't move. \"Allison Alaine Dana Dawson. Get up now!\" He said, using my full name. \"Ugh. I'm up.\" I said, sitting up and pushing Lee off of the bed and onto the floor.\"Ow.\" I heard him mumble as I stepped over him, getting my clothes and my brush. \"That's for using my full name.\" I said, walking into the bathroom. When I was done my hair looked like this: . My outfit: .com/give_love_get_pink/set?id=21165874 My luggage: .com/images/juicyluggage_ When Jake saw me lugging all of my bags he tried to stifle a laugh. \"Allie, you were supposed to pack for the summer not a year.\" He told me. I glared at him. \"Haha. Just shut up and help me.\" I said through gritted teeth. He finally managed to finish helping me, right when Lee and Art emerged from their rooms. \"Geesh, guys you could have came down and lugged Allie's massive bags instead of me.\" Jake said, sitting down in the kitchen. It looked like this: \"Guys, are you ready to go? I got the car all loaded up.\" Nate (their dad) said, walking into the kitchen. \"Yeah. We got everything dad.\" Lee said, following me to the car. It looked like this: Exterior: . Interior: /images/_autonews/2011_Land_Rover_Range_Rover_interior_ (Pretend its a three seater) 1 hour later • Lee's POV I heard tapping next to me. But it couldn't have been Allie, she was sleeping. I look over at her, and I almost laugh. She was texting in her sleep. She was laying on my shoulder. She wasn't kidding when she told me she could text with her eyes closed. It may sound weird, but she looked soo beautiful when she slept. Too bad she couldn't know how I feel about her. 10 minutes later • Allie's POV After my little nap, me and Lee went head to head on Words With Friends. After I won, we went to update our Twitter accounts. Here's what we tweeted : alliedawson42: Sitting in car with #leepearson22. Yay! It's summer! leepearson22: hanging out with #alliedawson42 in the car. Fun! •[Chapter 3] Gamer Boy Ch.2 • Just pulled up 2 the lake house \"Allie!\" Hannah screamed, running up to me as I stooped down to give her a hug. \"Hey, kiddo.\" I laughed as I ruffled her hair. \"Hey Allie.\" Bethany said, walking towards me. \"Hey Bethany.\" I said and hugged her. \"Forgetting someone.\" Tom said, waving at me. \"Hey Tom.\" I said. \"Oh. Allison sweetie. Come here and give me a hug.\" Nana Rose Pearson said getting out of the car and giving me a hug. \"Hi Nana.\" I said politely. I then walked to the back of the car and grabbed my bags. \"How come you let Nana call you by your full name?\" Lee asked, getting his stuff out of the car as well. \"Because she is older than me so I allow it.\" I explained. \"I'm older than you.\" He protested. \"By 2 months. And you're a friend, not a teacher or a person who's way older than me.\" I said, walking into the house. I was sharing a room with Hannah and Bethany. Our room looked like this: ./_qm4HVkF5dxY/TLIXTBPH1PI/AAAAAAAAEGw/d70c8OUu57Y/lonny-girls-bedroom-pink-orange-twin-beds-designer_thumb%5B1% Hannah's bed: .com/camphalfbloodroleplay/images/2/27/Pink_Bunk_ I began unpacking, when Bethany stopped me. \"Hey, Allie. Do you wanna go down to the pool with me?\" She asked. \"Sure.\" I said, grabbing my swimsuit out of my bag. Here's what we wore: Bethany: .com/friends_at_beach_contest/set?id=33929672 Me: .com/ladies_nautical_bikini_set/thing?id=32280692 \"Your swimsuit is soo cute!\" Bethany gushed. \"Thanks. So is yours!\" I replied, as we linked arms and strutted to the pool. We then laid down on the chaise chairs and put on our shades. I closed my eyes and didn't notice what Bethany was doing. Lee's POV My phone began to vibrate in my pocket. It was a text from Bethany. It said: \"Come meet me and Allie at the pool. Wear swimwear.\" I changed into swim shorts and went downstairs. I saw Bethany give me the \"shush\" sign and pushed me into a recliner next to Allie. Allie's POV I noticed something was going on, so I took off my shades and looked to where Bethany was supposed to sit. Keyword: supposed to. \"Hey Lee.\" I said, nervously. \"You know Bethany was trying to set us up. Right?\" He asked. \"Yep.\" I replied, taking a sip of my bottle of cherry limeade. A devious smile played on my lips as I jumped into the pool. The trick was that I didn't come back up. \"Allie! Are you okay? \" I heard him yell from the edge of the water, he was close enough for me to do something hilarious. I quickly popped up and pulled him into the pool. When he resurfaced, I began cracking up. \"Dude, we both know that I can stay underwater for long periods of time. How is this a surprise to you?\" I said, half- laughing. He opened his mouth to argue, but the said, \"Yeah. I should've saw that coming.\" He agreed. We played around for hours and little did we know, we were not alone. (I know, it's a cliffhanger! My 2nd cliffhanger written ever! Yay! Keep checking for Ch. 3 of Gamer Boy!)[Chapter 4] Gamer Boy-3 Allie's POV Me and Art were going head to head on Wii boxing, when we heard a noise coming from the attic. We put it on pause, as Lee walked over toward the rope to the attic and released it, activating the stairs. We all looked at each other, seeing who would go first. \"Ladies first.\" Lee said, pushing me in front of them. \"Nah. I'll take the next one.\" I said, stepping behind him. Art went up first, grabbing a giant flashlight. Lee grabbed a baseball bat while I took a giant metal curtain rod. \"A curtain rod, really?\" Lee asked, looking at my weapon of choice. \"Remember when I knocked Jake out with one of these during a very intense game of paint ball?\" I asked, twirling it around. In the Attic• I was walking behind the boys, when I felt something scamper across my foot. I whimpered in fear, and clung to Lee like cling wrap. Lee's POV I was walking through the attic, when I felt something warm cling to me tightly and whimpered in fear. I smiled to myself. I've never seen Allie so weak before. As it pained me to see her in fear, I was totally into it. She was so cute when she was scared. Allie's POV I suddenly stepped back at seeing something the guys didn't. \"What's up Allie?\"Art asked, noticing that I backed up. I couldn't speak so I pointed at the green alien looking down at me ready to pounce. \"Oh shiznit.\" We mumbled backing up together. \"And go!\" The aliens yelled, jumping down in front of us and attacking. When I was scared, I had dropped the pole. So I looked at it, put my foot on the tip and bounced it into my hand. I was ready for action. We slashed back and forth until they started to back off. I wasn't that lucky, though. The female alien lunged straight at me. I fell back. Sadly I was too close to stairs. I tumbled down the stairs backwards as the guys try to fend off the others while making sure I was okay. My head felt numb. I reached up and felt my forehead. It was bleeding. I looked at my wrists and the palms of my hands. My wrists were cut and my palms were minorly cut. I had to be strong. I slightly winced when I got up. The guys slid down the ladder toward me. \"Hey are you okay?\" Lee asked, looking at my head and my wrists. \"Yeah. Are they gone?\" I asked, wrapping my hand with climbers tape. \"For now, they are gone. We gotta tell the others, like now.\" Art said, as I wiped the blood off of my head. \"I agree. Let's go.\" I said, walking into Bethany's room. \"Hey text Tom and Jake to haul butt to our room and bring explosives.\" I said, plopping down next to Hannah on the bean bag chairs. The twins came into the room first. Then Tom and Jake came in with a box of paintball guns and firecrackers. \"What's up with the meeting?\" Jake said, sitting down. \"The Zirkonians are back.\" Lee said. \"What? Where are they?\" Tom asked. \"In the attic. We held them off though.\" I said. \"So let's make a plan.\" Art said. 2 hrs. Later• \"Alright. Me and Tom will use surveillance equipment and keep an eye on the aliens, Twins you create a diversion while Bethany, Hannah, and Allie use stealth to spy on the unfriendlies. Let's save the planet.\" Jake said. The girls were wearing this: .com/in_army_now_ciara/set?id=12043006 When I came out in my outfit, Lee could not stop staring at me. I was blushing.(if I could blush) We snuck outside toward the wooden structure that led to the attic. I grabbed my climbing ropes and hooks and set them up on the structure. Bethany instructed me to hold out my hands. She was holding my giant bag of climber's chalk and poured a bunch on my hands so I don't slip. Climber's chalk is really just a big bag of baby powder or chalk ground into powder. I began climbing up the wood and vines like a monkey. I hoisted myself up and hooked my harness to the window and video taped the alien's conversation on my Flip. I heard my walkie talkie buzz on the holster on my waist. I picked it up and pressed the button. \"Hey. Whats up?\" I said, before releasing the button. \"Did you get the recording?\" Lee asked on the other end. \"Yep. The Eagle is coming down to HQ. I repeat the Eagle is coming down to HQ.\" I said, preparing to free fall down the side of the house. Uh-Oh. My ropes were stuck. It was either cut myself down or call for help. I decided to text Bethany to text the twins to help me down. 2 minutes later• I smiled in relief when the twins showed up. Lee started climbing up the wood toward me. When he finally got to my ropes, he hooked his harness to mine. \"Uh- Oh.\" He said. \"What Uh-oh? There shouldn't be any Uh-ohs.\" I said, clearing losing sanity. \"Close your eyes.\" He instructed. I didn't question him this time. I screamed as loud as possible as I felt the ropes snap and me and Lee fell down onto the grass. I didn't feel the fall as much as I thought I would. I looked down to see what had cushioned my fall. I saw Lee laying on the ground below me. \"Sorry.\" I said, rolling off of him and helping him up. \"No, it's fine. Just almost broke my ribs.\" He said, shrugging it off sarcastically. I glared at him and hit him lightly. \"Hey, Hey. Don't hurt the charm.\" He said flipping his hair. \"Whatever helps you keep your self-esteem, Hun.\" I said, patting his shoulder sympathetically. Back in the house• \"Hey Allie, can me and Tom talk to you for a second.\"Jake asked. \"Um sure.\" I said, walking out of the room. \"me and Tom came up with a plan.\" Jake said nervously. \"And.\" I prodded. \"And you'll be mad when we tell you what it is.\" \"No I won't.\" I promised. \"Alright. We found out that the Zirkonians hate PDA and any signs of affection, so to lure them in, you and Lee have to act like your dating. That means kissing, hugging, and being mushy and gross. So how bout it?\" \"No.\" I said, crossing my arms. \"Come on. Take one for the team.\" Jake said, getting frustrated. \"What have you got to lose, Allie?\" Tom said, being the reasonable one. \"Um any REAL chance of Lee liking me.\" I said defiantly. \"Do it to save the world and do it for Lee.\" \"Ugh, fine.\"[Chapter 5] I am so sorry guys! I had so much stuff going on! I am back now though! I know this chapter is a bit short but I had to update for y'all! Love y'all so much! You guys mean the world to me so I just felt like I needed to update for all of you who have been waiting for me update! I'm so sorry! Gamer Boy ch4 Gamer Boy-4 'You A Jerk, I know.' My phone rang. \"Hola, Nicole! lo que a mi amigo? Y que no adivinas con quién estoy saliendo?\" \"Aw come on, Allie. You know I hate it when you go all Latina on me.\" \"Fine. I'll go Italian since you speak that. And it's not my fault that you didn't take Spanish with me and Lee when you had the chance.\" I defended. \"Sono incontri di Lee ed è tutto quello che ho sognato!\" \"OMG! I'm so happy for you! I knew you would end up together! Did you guys kiss yet?\" \"No. And baby steps here! It's for a good cause, it's not real love it's just to help a cause.\" I replied, plopping on to my bed. \"Sure we'll go with that theory.\" She replied, still unconvinced. \"Well gotta go. I'm going out with Daniel to the movies. Bye!\" I didn't even have time to react, because she hung up. \"Hay Allie.\" Lee greeted, walking into my room. Without thinking, I blurted out: \"Hey handsome.\" After saying it, I immediately felt like I needed to crawl into a hole and hide from embarrassment. I looked up at Lee, hoping that I wasn't a total dunce. \"It's weird but it's all good.\" He reassured me. Both of our phones went off. It was a text from Jake. It read: \"Start dating!\" Rolling our eyes, me and Lee exchanged glances. \"Well, Miss Dawson I propose a kiss.\" Lee said all fancy like. I started giggling uncontrollably as I nodded furiously. Then we both started leaning in and... It's my legendary cliffys! I just love leaving you guys on your toes! I know I'm a total Disney villan. Anyways, review and all of that good stuff! ","Summary":" Gamer Boy- Characters Lee Pearson- Fun loving, and totally video game obsessed 12 year old twin bro"},{"Movie":"Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging","Title":"Ultraviolet","Author":"Fluffy Tranquil","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6039300","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, first Angus, Thongs & Perfect Snogging story! It was on Teen-Nick like all week, and I have the dvd, so it got me to keep watching it. Lol. Umm…Tell me if you like it. \"Robbie.\" I stroked his perfect hair as we lay side by side. \"What is it?\" He smiled at me. \"I'm pregnant.\" I whispered. At least I'd finally told him. Well, not finally, but I had known for a little while now. And I'd already told Jas. He didn't speak for a moment. \"Are you okay, Robbie?\" \"Are you sure?\" He asked. I nodded. \"Positive? One-hundred percent?\" I shook my head, taking the nod back. \"Maybe you should go to a doctor. You know, find out for sure? …And I think you should tell your mum.\" \"But she's going to freak on me…And you, too!\" \"But I could go to help you tell her…as a friend. I could just say it's not mine.\" He smiled weakly. \"What, you think I've been running around on you, huh?\" I smiled. \"Who knows?\" He joked. \"Maybe.\" I playfully slapped his shoulder. \"Shut up!\" He got serious this time. \"I really think you should tell her. …Soon.\" \"Can you help me?\" I asked. \"Of course.\" He smiled, taking my hand and pulling me up. \"Now?\" \"Yeah, I guess. Get it over with?\" \"Yeah, I know.\" We left the park and walked to my house, trying to avoid the light rain. I clutched my chest with the hand he wasn't holding. The other hand joined soon enough, though, still holding tightly onto his hand. Come on, I have to tell her. We stood on the porch for a while, not saying anything. Eventually I returned my hands to my sides, Robbie still holding on to it, as his hand brushed over my stomach lightly. He looked pained. \"Hey.\" I brushed the away the hair that had fallen into his eyes. \"What's wrong?\" \"I feel really bad. It's all my fault. …I'm sorry.\" \"Shut up, it's not your fault. …Hey, we're not even sure.\" We were now sitting on the porch swing. The wind was getting stronger now. He slipped off his jacket and draped it over my shoulders. I was already wearing a cardigan, and it left him in only a t-shirt. The shirt barely covered his lower stomach, and it's sleeves revealed the majority of his arms. I thought about giving him back his jacket, but he would obviously decline. \"But what if you are?\" Mum appeared at the door, saving me from answering his question. \"Hello, love. How was your date?\" \"Fine, mum.\" I said. \"Good. Well, dinner should be done soon. Would you like to stay, Robbie?\" \"Uh, yeah. Thanks\" He tried to smile. \"Well, I'll let you two to talk about whatever it is you kids talk about these days.\" \"Wait, we'll come help you. …Come on, Robbie.\" I stood up and grabbed his hand. \"Why don't you go get changed darling?\" She suggested. I nodded. \"Yeah.\" I took off Robbie's jacket and handed it to him. We all went inside. \"I'll be right back.\" I headed upstairs and went into my room. I took off my shirt and threw it onto the floor. My stomach wasn't that noticeable, but there was definitely a difference. I was so marveled, that I didn't even notice when Robbie walked in. He came over and gave me a hug, not caring that I didn't have a shirt on. He wrapped his arms around me and put his hands in my hair. \"Georgia.\" \"Mum.\" I turned around, then quickly grabbed a shirt and put it on. \"We were just…\" \"I know, Georgia. …But I just…\" \"You just what?\" I asked. \"It's just that a lot of girls are getting pregnant these days.\" I involuntarily bit my lip. \"No. Don't tell me you are.\" I nodded. She looked at me, and then she glanced at Robbie. \"I'm sorry, Mrs. Nicolson.\" Robbie said. \"No, Robbie. It's not your fault. …Well, not entirely.\" She smiled, odd for the situation she'd just experienced. Robbie smirked. We went downstairs for dinner, not speaking because Libby was in the room. As soon as Libby was done eating, she left to go to her friend's house, and as soon as she was gone, mom spoke. \"So, Robbie, have you told your mum yet?\" She asked. He shook his head. \"No, Georgia just told me at the park.\" \"Georgia!\" Mum scolded me. \"Well, I wasn't sure if I was pregnant.\" \"Do you want me to tell your mum for you?\" She looked at Robbie. \"Yeah, that would be a big help.\" Mum had suggested that we go watch tv while she had a talk with Robbie's mum. We went into the living room and sat down on the couch. We sat there watching tv until mum had come in at around 10 to tell us that the storm was picking up, and suggested that Robbie should stay here for the night. On the couch, of course! But she said that I could sleep downstairs with him if I wanted to. Robbie had left his pajamas here from his last visit, so he changed into them while I put on my own pajamas. After I finished changing, I joined him on the couch. Of course mum would get a mad, but I could always switch to another couch before go to sleep. \"Georgia.\" I opened my eyes. I was still laying on the couch with Robbie, my arms wrapped around him; definitely not the scene mum would want to see when she came to wake us up. I quickly and quietly got up, leaving Robbie to sleep a little longer. Apparently he was going to school from here, because Tom had dropped his uniform off this morning. I headed upstairs to shower, but about halfway through my shower, someone knocked at the door. \"Who is it?\" \"It's Robbie.\" \"Oh, you can come in to go to the bathroom.\" I said. He came in, quickly used the bathroom, and then left. After finishing up my shower and changing for school, Robbie took a shower and got dressed. It's not like I was watching him or anything… We ate breakfast and then walked to school. The school-day went slow, probably because mum had scheduled an appointment for me today. Lunch was excruciatingly long. It was the regular group- Me, Robbie, Jas, Tom, Rosie, Ellen, Dave, and Peter (who I learned to some-what except, if he didn't spread rumors.) But during Calculus, one of my only classes without Robbie, someone came up to me. \"I heard that you're pregnant. Does Robbie know?\" The bell had just rang, giving me the excuse to leave without answering her question. Come on, Robbie wouldn't tell anyone, and besides him, I'd only told Jas and Mrs. Lewis (my counselor). But it was time for me to go, so I waited at Robbie's locker. Mum had already texted me three times asking me where I was. I texted her back, saying that I was waiting for Robbie. I'd decided to just go to his class. He couldn't just leave school and get away with it, and Mr. Tagaytay would be a tough one to get a pass out of. I could see, once I made it to the Physics room, that Robbie was already pleading with Mr. Tagaytay. \"Hello, Ms. Nicolson.\" He greeted me once he saw me. Is there an reason you're in the hall without a pass?\" \"I have one, actually.\" I pulled it out, handing it over to him. He inspected it. \"Ok, I understand that you have a doctor's appointment, but why is Robert trying to leave class as well?\" \"Um, I feel a little uncomfortable talking about it. Can I get you to talk to Mrs. Lewis about it?\" \"Ok, just let me get Mr. Jones to watch my class for me.\" Both Robbie and I followed Mr. Tagaytay down the hall to Mrs. Lewis' room. He headed inside, leaving us outside of her office. \"Thanks. Tagaytay's my favorite teacher, but he can be one feisty little devil sometimes.\" \"Yeah… But listen, did you tell anyone about…you know?\" \"Of course not.\" He said. \"Did someone say something to you about it?\" \"Yeah. And I only told Jas. I told her that she could tell Rosie and Ellen, but they wouldn't have told anyone. Unless someone over-heard them.\" Mr. Tagaytay came out of the room. \"Okay, he can go.\" He eyed me, considering my state, not expecting this of one of his best students. Robbie grabbed my hand, towing me down to the school's entrance. We saw my mum waiting for us in the car. Ugh, this will be one long day… Ok, how was it? Sorry for not making Sven Rosie's boyfriend in this. Since I haven't read the books, I don't want to put anything wrong in this! And yes, those teacher's are really at my school, but my sister was mad at me for making Mr. Tagaytay kind of mean, he's not even really mean. Please Review! :). I'll give everyone a cookie made with love =]. P.S.- Exams are over, and I will update more often! Yay! Haha. Oh, and during my exams, a song for this movie-Ultraviolet- got stuck I my head. And it would not get out. Oh, please suggest a title for this! - I'm stuck AGAIN with name-choosing. And I already have a baby name-if anyone is wondering.[Chapter 2] Okay, yeah it's been like forever . Lol. But I had a lot to do and I was just lazy. I looked up the Stiff Dylans because I knew they were a real band. I just wanted to make Charlie the sweet and loveable, but at the same time completely clueless one! Onward w/ the story, hope you like it, but I changed it a lot since I first wrote it, and if it wasn't for the ending, this story would have skipped a few months because I ran out of ideas until the birth scene… Oh, Ps. Dave is in this, and yes he still likes Georgia, that's why he gets angry! Yup, I was definitely pregnant. Robbie was actually sort of happy. Once my doctor told him how much he'd love being a dad, his face practically lit up. It would be pretty funny to see his face when the baby was here. Now that would be hilarious. Not to mention all the screaming, and blood, and I'm just making this worse for myself… Mum dropped Robbie off at his house, before driving her and myself home. As soon as Robbie got home, he was teased by Tom. \"Now who told you ?\" Robbie asked. \"Jas. Who did you think? Knock-up her best friend, of course she's gonna tell me.\" \"Shut up, man!\" He said. \"Yes, Tom. It's not the time to be laughing. You know, karma's a bitch.\" They both laughed at what their mother had just said. Robbie was still laughing slightly, as he gave his mom a hug. \"Goodnight, mum.\" He kissed her cheek. \"'Night Tom .\" He gave his brother a noogie. \"Ow.\" Tom complained. Robbie ignored him, and went to bed. The next morning, Georgia got to school pretty early so she could spend some more time with Robbie. But he didn't come. It made it worse for her, not seeing him in almost every class. By lunch, she'd dropped her hopes of him just being late, hoping that he'd come in through the doors at any time now… He probably just had a cold. She thought. It's normal for people to miss school. Sometimes… But he came by at around six, to talk to Georgia about his absence. Through the window, he could see Dave the Laugh. He was sitting on the couch with Georgia, both of them (big surprise) laughing. Come on, she couldn't be cheating on him. He quickly dialed her cell number. \"Hey, Robbie.\" She answered. \"Hey, you mind if I come over?\" \"Nope.\" \"Great, I'm almost there.\" She laughed. \"Same old Robbie.\" He hung up, waited a reasonable enough time to be considered \"almost there\", and then knocked on the door. Georgia answered the door, and ushered him in with a hug. He gave her a deep kiss, just to annoy Dave. He was still his mate, but he was also still pissed off about Dave and Georgia's \"little date\", which did make him rather jealous. When Georgia thought that the kiss was too long, especially when company was around, she pulled away, trying not to make a big deal out of it. \"Hey, Dave.\" Robbie sat next to him on the couch, slapping him casually on the back. But it was a little too hard to be considered friendly. \"What are you doing here?\" \"He just came here to talk about what he …heard…from Ellen. …He wanted to know if it was true.\" \"Georgia, can I talk to Robbie alone?\" Dave asked. She nodded. \"Sure.\" She stepped into the kitchen, trying to give the boys some privacy, but also wondering what they were talking about. \"Dude, what the hell ?\" Dave tried to whisper. \"What?\" Robbie asked. \"What do you mean 'what'? Everyone knows, it's been going all around school.\" \"By who?\" \"Peter. Who the fuck else?\" Apparently, Dave still liked Georgia, and the thought of Robbie getting to be intimately involved with her when he couldn't be intrigued him. Especially now, when there was something greater tying them together… Poor Ellen, if she'd known, she would be crushed. \" Peter ? I thought he was over the whole 'gossip thing'?\" \"But still, you didn't think, did you?\" \"Look, one thing led to another, and…and we just couldn't stop.\" \"Yeah, couldn't stop . Like I haven't heard that one before.\" Robbie grabbed Dave by the tie of his uniform, threatening to choke him with it. The two heard Georgia coming back into the room, so they relaxed a little, though the tense expressions still plastered their faces. Robbie's jaw dropped a little when he saw Ellen following closely behind Georgia. Oh, so that's why he's here . Well, that and because he wanted to know directly from Robbie about his latest screw-up. But he was still a little suspicious of Dave and his feelings for Georgia that were surely there. \"Oh, hey Robbie.\" Ellen greeted him. She sat down next to Dave. Dave wrapped his arms around her. Yeah, nice way to make Robbie jealous. He already has a girlfriend, and a pregnant one at that. \"I guess I should say congratulations?\" Ellen asked. She thought it was wrong to say at the moment, but she wanted to change the subject, to make the situation a little easier. She could tell that something was up with Dave and Robbie, and she was sure that Georgia knew as well. \"Sorry.\" She smiled. \"No. It's okay.\" Robbie said. \"I'm kinda happy. But, you know, with the situation, it's kinda hard?\" He didn't say anything more, feeling that it would be better to continue when it was more…private. Up until Dave and Ellen left, Robbie put some more thought into quitting The Stiff Dylans. He didn't have a job, he only worked in his family's shop. For him, it was quite embarrassing to be 18 and to not have a job. He needed to support Georgia, especially with how his mom raised him. She'd taught him to always treat girls with respect. And it was too late for Tom… \"So…why weren't you at school today?\" Georgia asked. \"Had a lot to think about.\" He loved The Stiff Dylans, but he just had to do it. It would take a lot out of him just to tell her. He knew that she would be disappointed. \"Like what?\" Georgia asked. \"Like what we're gonna do.\" His hand lowered to graze her stomach. \"Well, I can get a job at my mum's work after school-\" \"-No.\" Robbie interrupted. \"I don't think it should be your problem. I'm not the one walking around with a baby, that's you. … Listen, I'm sorry. That came out all wrong. …Anyway, what I'm trying to say is that I'm quitting The Stiff Dylans.\" \"But you can't do that, Robbie! You make great music.\" \"Yeah, but have you seen me? When we play, I look so out of place. And they're better off without me. Being a musician is a stupid kid's dream. I'm not even that good…\" \"Yes, you are.\" She said. \"Well, there's a better job out there for me.\" He said. \"But my mum has enough money to pay for it, plus we'll get like everything we need at the baby shower.\" \"But it just doesn't feel right. I don't want to look like I can't provide.\" \"Look, isn't this childish? I thought you try to prove your manliness when you're like 14 or 26?\" \"Guess not.\" \"Now, what kind of jobs are you talking about?\" She asked. \"Well, there's a job opening up in a town, they're looking for a mechanic. I'm great with cars. And then there's this column I could write for once a week. And teaching piano lessons to kids at the community center.\" \"That's too much.\" She said. \"Nah, I can handle it.\" He could handle it… for a few weeks. But he'd already gotten enough money together, at least that's what he hoped. And every job he'd worked had a plus: teaching kids how to play piano helped him interact with kids, but he had Libby for that. Writing a column for the local paper helped him stay on track with school and it helped his writing skills. The job as a mechanic had slightly altered his physique, rather than any qualities. It helped to build up his already satisfying muscles, definitely making Georgia more attracted to him, though being pregnant had already made her more sexually aroused. He would feel fine on Saturday and Sunday (until the work built up). Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday were tiring. Thursday was the easy day, but the rest of the week's impact made it worse. Friday was horrible. He knew that he would be in bed all weekend from the stress. The piling up work from school and all the college acceptance letters and essays just made everything more depressing. And he never got to see Georgia very often, only at school. It was school, work, home, school, work, home, school, work, home. All over again. He'd even collapsed one day; it was just too much work. Only Tom had found out how hard Robbie was working himself. But he did tell Georgia, and she came over right away. It was the first she'd heard from him in a while. He missed a few days of school because he just couldn't get out of bed. \"Oh, you poor thing.\" She said when she saw him lying in bed. She kneeled down next to his bed and kissed his forehead. \"Do you need me to get you anything?\" \"No, no babying me. You have enough to worry about. I'm fine.\" He protested. \"I just need to rest. This will probably be all over tomorrow morning. You'll see, just watch.\" \"Are you sure? I mean, Tom told me you've been acting kind of strange lately. He said you've hardly come out of your room in weeks.\" She said. \"Did you quit?\" \"The band or the jobs?\" He questioned. \" Well , I meant the Stiff Dylans, but both, I guess.\" \"The jobs were getting hard, so it's definitely ending soon. And… no. I didn't. I just told them that I was sort of busy. Plus we haven't had any gigs lately. They're just as busy as I am. Not exactly so busy as to end the band, but busy enough.\" \"Were you gonna tell them about what you've been thinking? Are you even still quitting?\" She asked. \"Most likely. It's just too much, I'll admit it. I was thinking maybe you could come with me so it could be easier. They love you. Charlie's really missed you. And he asked if I was gonna bring you around any time soon. I think he likes you a little too much.\" He chuckled. \"So, it's a date?\" She asked. \"After you get out of this bed, I mean.\" \"Yeah. Yeah, it's a date.\" K, please review & vote on my poll! It's greatly appreciated. Now I gotta go to bed. It's almost 2:30 am, and I have tons of summer work that needs to be done before school starts! ~Cky297.[Chapter 3] \"Are you sure they wouldn't mind?\" Georgia asked, walking up the final flight of stairs. \"Of course not. It's not like they'll be busy.\" Robbie assured her. \"But they won't like have company or anything?\" \"Trust me. They won't have girls over. They don't have girlfriends.\" He smirked. \"That wasn't what I meant. And doesn't Matt have a girlfriend?\" \"Well, whatever... But they don't mind if we drop by.\" They had reached the top of the steps now. They continued to walk, down the hall, and stopped when they saw the apartment labeled D6. Robbie rapped on the door, and then opened it. \"What the fuck?\" They heard Charlie ask. \"Who the fuck is trying to come in? Oh, Robbie! Hey, man. ...Georgia!\" He screamed when he noticed her come in behind Robbie. He picked her up, giving her a tight hug. \"Oww.\" She breathed. \"Sorry.\" Charlie smiled. \"How have you guys been? ...I guess Robbie's not that busy after all.\" \"Oh, he's been busy.\" James interrupted. \"What do you mean?\" Georgia was confused. \"Yeah, what do you mean?\" Charlie, as well as the rest of the people in the room, stared at James. \"You didn't tell them?\" James looked at Robbie. Robbie shook his head. \"Tell us what?\" Tom asked. \"That someone in this room has been getting lucky with our little Robbie, and everyone knows what comes after that. Georgia and Robbie sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First comes love, second comes marriage, then comes a baby in the baby carriage... Oops, I think you kinda did that backwards.\" Robbie was standing next to James now, ready to swing his fist at him. He knew that he was joking, but it was rude to just tell everyone else. He thought that he could trust him... Guess not. \"Wait, you knocked her up? Bad, Robbie, bad.\" Charlie slapped Robbie's shoulder. \"How dare you soil her pure, innocent mind with your filth?\" Charlie's sense of humor amused them all, and it was adorable how he considered Georgia an innocent, little Princess. \"Hey, it wasn't all his fault. His mom went out of town that weekend, and we were bored.\" \"Oh, you were bored is all? And that's how this came to be?\" \"Yeah, yeah, yeah. We know how wrong you think this is.\" \"Oh, no, I've got to accept it, since it's what it is. But you had to steal her innocence. ...Anyway, boy or girl?\" \"We don't know yet, Char. Not for a few more months. She's only 2 and a half months so far.\" \"Well, keep Uncle Charlie in the loop.\" \"Of course.\" \"So, are you guys hungry?\" Matt asked. \"I was thinking about making some burgers or something. But, it looks like we're going to have to go out and celebrate now.\" \"You don't have to do that.\" Georgia protested. \"We want to.\" \"Fine.\" So, how will dinner with the Stiff Dylans go? :) Review, and sorry for it's bad length and long wait! :([Chapter 4] I seriously want to apologize for not updating in basically like a year and a half. The problem is that I get lazy and forget to write. I also have writer's block a lot and I just come up with new ideas too often. I forget that I have all of these old stories to update. I am so grateful for every single one of you who have reviewed, subscribed, favorited, and overall supported this story! It's been way too long since I updated. And do you guys know how when you post a new chapter, it gets a bunch of views (and usually the most views for that day, month, week, etc. out of all of your stories)? Well, if I haven't been updating anything for a while or the views go back to the norm, you guys, the fans of this story, always seem to amuse me because this story consistently receives a very high number of views, even when I do not update! I want to give a huge shoutout and thanks to all of the following: MUNRO CHAMBERS WIFE, Rawr-Roryy. RossxCullen, lil vamp1525, Gemsta rox, LauranTheBiscotti, The Awkward Turtle, PeanutButter123, Rockets Love, DLiz, BigTimeGleekBTR, jessapink, Tashaxoxo, Whitlock Hale081896, Cavjems, AnimeAddict4Life, ABCMed1999, XxsavannahbabyxX, and the anonymous reviews I got from: Total Drama Overload, Daniella, Helena432, Christina, Macy, Idk, treenat, justsmiles, Nicoleyy, becky, Princess of Narnia 1192, babycakes22, Alicia, lizzi, Guest, and anyone else who read this story. (I hope I didn't mess anyone's username up. Haha.) Needless to say, when Georgia walked into the local diner with her boyfriend and his friends, she didn't know what to expect. Who else wouldn't stare at a 16-year-old girl who was surrounded by a group of five boys? It would also be important to note that some of said boys were older and their appearances clearly made the aforementioned fact evident. James, she knew, was only a year older than Robbie, but that didn't make hanging out with someone of her age seem any cooler. Pushing the thoughts aside, she turned her attention back to the group she walked in with. Charlie, James, and Tom had already slid into one side of the booth, and Matt was waiting for Georgia and Robbie to sit down before taking his seat. Soon everyone settled and the waitress came over to take their drink orders. Most of them ordered iced tea-except James and Georgia, who both ordered soda. Charlie, however, argued with Georgia playfully until she gave into his request for her to get some water instead. Georgia couldn't help but laugh. If she had to put up with Charlie's overprotective instincts for the whole stretch of her pregnancy, she was sure she would explode. \"So,\" Matt cleared his throat. \"have you guys thought about any names yet?\" Robbie thought for a moment, then replied, \"I kind of like Sophie for a girl.\" \"How about you, Georgia?\" \"Well, I've always liked Graham. I once watched a movie and there was someone named Graham. I guess ever since then, it just kind of stuck.\" Charlie opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off by the waitress returning to their table. \"What can I get you all?\" the red-headed woman asked, steadying her pencil to begin writing down her customers' orders. They'd been caught up in their conversation and no one had even looked at the menu yet. Not wanting to be rude, James quickly glanced down and order the first thing he noticed-chicken noodle soup. Georgia followed suit, ordering soup as well, followed by Robbie, who wanted a slice of pizza. The other three boys each ordered a burger, their requests the same, save Tom, who asked for extra onions. Georgia made a face at this. She'd never liked onions and she couldn't understand why anyone would. They made her eyes water almost instantaneously and the taste was just repulsive. \"What?\" Tom asked, noticing Georgia's response. \"Onions are nasty!\" He rolled his eyes. \"You're crazy. They're delicious.\" \"What planet do you live on? They gross me out. Ugh. Just thinking about them...Eww.\" \"Hey, enough making fun of me. I thought you were supposed to be the nice one.\" \"Hey, I am nice. Right, Charlie?\" She smiled, knowing he would stick up for her. \"She's right, mate,\" he chuckled. The waitress, who Georgia found out was named Regina-as her name-tag read-had returned with two bowls of soup. She set them in front of Georgia and and James, before asking if anyone wanted a refill on their soda. Everyone shook their heads politely, thanking her anyway as she turned to go greet a family who had just walked in. They caught Georgia's attention. In addition to the adults were three small children, two boys and a girl. The boys, she recognized, were identical twins. She wondered if it was hard for the mother to tell them apart. It seemed almost impossible, but of course she was not their mother. If they had been her children, she'd probably have no trouble identifying who was who. In the middle of these thoughts, she stopped. She hadn't actually thought about being a mother this much. Of course, she had considered the positive and negative factors, and her mind had conjured up an image of a baby who looked just like its father, but she hadn't actually thought about if she'd be a good mother or not. She was pretty responsible, except for a few times in her life, and she was pretty sure she'd be fine. And she had her own mother-and Robbie's-on her side. They would offer their assistance. Things would be good. Tell me if you liked it! Please review! =D[Chapter 5] An update, finally! Haha. I know, I know. I really don't update this. I don't post on fanfiction as much anymore. I do have some fanfictions I'm working on/would like to be working on soon. I really don't want to leave you guys hanging for a long time again. How about we make a deal? If this gets...15 reviews, I'll try to update soon. Like within a week or so. Definitely a better deal than close to a year for an update. Haha. I was thinking of a high number at first (50, lol), but that's outrageous. My next was going to be twenty, but then I went down to ten, thinking that 20 and 50 were too much. I averaged out the reviews per chapter and it's 13.5, so 15 is a pretty good number. If I don't get 15, then oh, well...It doesn't matter. I'm in college now if you guys don't already know—for English—so I do end up procrastinating, but lots of people do that. I am supposed to be studying right now for my Family Studies test tomorrow, so wish me good luck! (: I hope you enjoy this. I'd been wanting to work on a new chapter for at least a few weeks now and decided to sit down and write this for you with no real idea, but I finally found one. :] I hope I get some reviews and if I have some when I wake up, they'll probably be really sweet, like they usually are. Hopefully they'll make me have a good day! Georgia grabbed her backpack from off of the chair at her vanity. She held it by one of the straps as she picked up her cell phone. She pushed a button and her screen lit up, displaying the current time: 7:43. She had to be at class by eight o'clock. She'd done it before, but even one extra minute to look for something could make her late. She left her room and descended the stairs, almost running into Libby when she got to the bottom. After saying a quick goodbye to her family, she went outside. She spotted Robbie's mother's car and hurried to it, getting in and putting on her seat belt. \"Hi, Georgia.\" \"Hello,\" Georgia responded. \"How are you this morning?\" Robbie asked. \"Fine. A little tired, but I think I'll be fully awake by the time we get to school.\" \"And the little one?\" \"Fine,\" she repeated. \"I can't wait until the next appointment. We can finally start choosing a name after that.\" \"Oh, I hope it's a girl,\" Robbie's mum said. \"I can't wait to spoil my first grandchild.\" Georgia smiled. \"Maybe you'll get your wish.\" She chuckled and then stayed quiet for the remainder of the trip. Georgia got to class on time, which made her feel much better. She didn't mention it on the way to school, but she kind of wanted to stay home. Her growing stomach would attract so much attention now that she was four months along. She'd been trying not to over-eat because it would be even more obvious. She couldn't rely on a healthy diet to disguise herself for five more months, however. Ellen, usually early to school, walked into the classroom ten minutes late. She was never late and Georgia was surprised. When she came into the room, she had a strange look on her face, but she didn't say anything to her friends. She just silently took her seat and tried to follow along with the class discussion. The discussion lasted for most of the class, so Georgia couldn't ask what was wrong. She was sure that Rosie and Jas had also noticed that something was up. Georgia didn't find the time to talk to Ellen until just before lunch. \"Hey,\" Georgia whispered. \"Is something wrong?\" \"Why?\" \"Your face. This morning it seemed like something was wrong.\" Ellen opened her mouth to speak, but then closed it, reconsidering her words. \"I saw something this morning. It was why I was late. There's something online.\" \"Online? About what?\" \"Someone has been posting stuff about you. There's this page. There are loads of people talking about you on there.\" \"And what kind of things have they been saying?\" \"You know, just stuff about how you're,\" she said, looking around before she continued, softly. \"pregnant. It was created about two weeks ago. I tried to go back and look at all the posts and I lost track of time. There were some really nasty things.\" \"What's it called?\" Ellen ripped a sheet of paper from her notebook and scribbled something onto it. She handed it to Georgia, who tucked it safely under her textbook. When lunch rolled around, Georgia headed to the school library. She sat down at a computer, typed in the website, and waited for it to load. There was one main post that was followed by a bunch of comments. It didn't seem like there were any other threads besides this one, so she scrolled down and began to read what people had to say. Some people just said that they felt sorry for her. Others called her harsh names. Some accompanied their words with cruelly edited photos of her. But she rarely saw anything about Robbie. Most people who mentioned him just said that he was unlucky and trapped with her. Only one person said something bad about him. The bell rang and Georgia signed off of the computer and headed to her next class. She received a few stares and she started to wonder just how many people had seen the website. She sighed. She hoped that her history class would not be as bad. Her class was actually mortifying. The teacher had some papers to grade and said that it would be a reading day. The students were supposed to do something productive. Talking was allowed, but it had to be quiet. Georgia wished that the teacher had said that talking was not allowed. When it had to be quiet, she could hear everything. If it had to be silent , she would either hear nothing—as no one would be speaking aloud—or hear mumbling. She would rather take the mumbling and not be able to understand. She couldn't wait for class to be over. As soon as the bell rang, she called her mum to come pick her up. When they got home, they had a very long and serious discussion. \"So,\" Georgia's mother began after their talk. \"You're sure then?\" Georgia nodded. \"Yeah.\" CLIFF HANGER! Lol. Well, it probably shouldn't be that much of a cliffy, as there would probably only be a few things she'd do. Let me know what you thought about this chapter and what you think will happen next. Thanks! -Fluffy Tranquil[Chapter 6] I only got 4 reviews on the last chapter, but it's okay. I wanted to update this a little earlier, but 6 days less than a month for an update is better than my previous track record, as you all can tell. I've got midterms coming up and notes to finish catching up on this weekend/into the actual week. I actually took a break from doing that so that I could work on this. Then it's back to work and then onto some serious work after that. Well, please enjoy! P.S. I forgot to do this in the last chapter, but shoutout to .5 Georgia paced her room. She always did this when she was nervous. She couldn't help it. The back-and-forth pattern gave her something to focus on so that she would be distracted. She could hear her mother speaking on the phone downstairs. Her father would be coming home soon. He was on a business trip—a rather long one, actually. He had to hear about her being pregnant over the phone. That must have been hard for him. First, he had to deal with the fact that he would be away from his family for a few months. Then, on top of that, one of his worst fears came true while he was away from everything. When she'd told him—on speaker phone so that her mother could also hear—he hadn't reacted as she expected him to. But she could tell that he was holding back. Perhaps he was in a crowded place and didn't want to attract attention. Maybe he just didn't want her to feel like she'd disappointed him. She didn't know. But she was sure that, when he called her mother later that night, he must have screamed into her ear through the phone. Georgia let out a deep breath, turning around to start walking in a circle again. She wondered how her father would feel when he saw her. Would he be able to look her in the eyes the same way again? The sound of feet on the steps filled Georgia's ears and, shortly thereafter, she heard a knock at her door. \"Come in,\" she said. Her mother opened the door. \"I just got off of the phone with your dad. He says we can talk about this more when he gets home.\" Georgia nodded. \"And how does he feel about it? Did he say anything?\" \"Not really...It's not what people usually want, but sometimes it just offers another option.\" She paused for a moment. \"And this is irreversible for you.\" \"In a way, yeah,\" Georgia responded. Technically , it was irreversible. Something could be done to get back to the same state she was at, but it would not be the same as it previously was. Suddenly, they could hear the little cuckoo clock downstairs, which signified that a new hour had begun. \"Oh, I've got to go get Libby from school. Do you want to come?\" Georgia shook her head. \"No, I'll just stay here.\" \"Okay, I'll be back soon. Call me if you need anything, honey.\" \"Okay,\" Georgia mumbled. She shut her bedroom door after her mother left the room. She sighed, wondering if she was going too far. She'd decided this all in one afternoon. Would that have been enough time to come to this conclusion, or was she just latching onto an idea that really needed more thought put into it?[Chapter 7] On Friday, Robbie remained silent during the whole ride to school. Tom had decided to walk with Jas. Georgia would normally fill the seat next to Robbie, but this morning it was empty. The only other person in the car was his mother, sitting in the front seat and staring straight ahead. Normally she would have asked what was wrong, but she didn't want to push him to speak to her. If he was having any sort of issue, he would deal with it in his own time. Robbie's mother assumed that he was not speaking because of Georgia. She did not know what happened between the two, but the empty seat and the silence from the back of the car said enough. Maybe they had a small fight. Lots of couples do and it's what's to be expected, though she just hoped they'd get through it soon. Anytime they weren't speaking to each other made her nervous almost instantly. She worried too much, looking at every tiny argument as the start of their breakup. She couldn't help but do this. Her own divorce was messy and she didn't want them to part ways and become enemies, always fighting over who their child should live with. \"Mum,\" Robbie said suddenly. \"You missed the turn.\" \"Oh,\" she said, before turning the car right so that she could head back the way she'd just come from. She reached her son's school a few minutes later, and after he got out of the car, she rolled down her window. \"Robbie,\" she called. Robbie, who was about five or so feet away from the car, turned around. \"Hmm?\" His mother opened her mouth, but then she closed it. A moment later, she said, \"Have a good day.\" She paused and Robbie turned back around, facing the school. \"And, Robbie, don't hesitate to call me if you aren't feeling well. I can come pick you up at any time.\" \"Thanks, mum,\" he called over his shoulder, walking toward the school building. Georgia rolled over and extended her arm, turning off her alarm clock. She forgot that she didn't need to set it for today. Sighing, she stood up, deciding that if she didn't get out of bed now, she probably wouldn't for a while. She picked her phone up from her bedside table and turned it on. She opened her text messages, but she didn't see a blue dot next to Robbie's name. Instead, an older message was shown, one she'd already read. She sighed again. She thought she would enjoy getting to sleep in, but with Robbie mad at her, she didn't feel the least bit happy. She put her phone back on the table and went downstairs to make some breakfast. After it was finished cooking, she ate it while watching some television. When the morning block was over, she decided to call Jas and talk to her for a little bit. She had the first lunch hour, so she'd be able to accept the call without getting in trouble. When Jas had to go back to class, Georgia sent Robbie a text message, hoping he would respond to her. Robbie received this message during the second lunch hour. \"Are you gonna check that?\" Tom asked after he heard a ping come from his brother's phone. Robbie shook his head. \"No.\" \"But, it's Georgia,\" he replied, noticing her name on the screen. \"I know.\" \"What, are you guys, like, not talking?\" \"Something like that.\" \"Why?\" \"Because she sends me a freaking text message to tell me that she is thinking about, you know,\" he said, leaning over to whisper the last part. \"get an abortion. I mean, she told me that people were saying things, but I don't think that's a valid excuse. And she didn't even ask me. It's my baby too.\" \"Then why don't you talk to her?\" \"She didn't have the courtesy to talk to me in person about it.\" \"So, you guys are going to just go on not talking to one another?\" \"No, not forever. Just until she realizes that she needs to talk to me in person .\" He sighed. \"She's making this so much harder than it has to be.\" I was just going to end up making her want to be homeschooled, but I decided that maybe I could do both. Remember: she is considering the abortion as of this chapter. Don't attack me! Haha. I also wrote a little more, but I decided to save it for the next chapter, which might be longer and maybe more in depth. Please review![Chapter 8] Hey, guys! I wanted to post this the weekend after my last update, but I forgot about this chapter, which I already had a few lines for. I worked a little on it, but I had homework to do and I was on the computer and watching the Walking Dead/the Talking Dead. I'm on Spring Break now and I just watched the movie, so I wanted to work on this for you guys. Hopefully I can make it up to you all by updating again before I go back to school, which is on Monday, the 24th. I do have homework and studying that needs to be done, especially considering the fact that I have a midterm on the 26th, although it is open-notes. We're allowed three single pages (not double-sided), so I'll have to write really tiny! Haha. Now, I had the first little section already and it was going to originally be at the end of the last chapter. Okay, enjoy! P.S. Would you like to see the Stiff Dylans guys again? When they showed up in the movie, I was thinking about bringing them back into the story. I don't know if I'll wait until the baby shower or if I'll just come up with an excuse to bring them in. A little while before Robbie and his family were going to eat dinner, there was a knock at the door. Robbie got up to get it. Swinging the door open, he saw Georgia. \"Hey,\" she said, looking down at her shoes. \"Hey,\" he echoed. \"Can I talk to you?\" She lifted her head up a little. He didn't say anything, but he opened the door up wider to let her inside. After shutting the door, he followed Georgia into the living room. He gestured to the couch to let her know that she could sit down. \"Um, no, I was wondering if we could talk alone,\" she said. Tom and his mother were in the kitchen and would hear them. \"You know, in your bed room or something.\" He nodded, sighing unintentionally. \"O-okay.\" He followed Georgia up the steps and she stopped at his door. She looked at him and he nodded, so she pushed the door open. His room looked neater than usual. She assumed that he'd taken out his anger on something productive. If he was angry, that is. She felt that it was safe to think that he was. He hadn't responded to her, so what other explanation was there than him being unhappy with her? She sat down on his bed and waited for him to do the same, but he remained standing. She felt like she should stand up too. Being the only one not standing up made the situation awkward. More awkward than it already was. \"It was wrong,\" she finally said. \"I was stupid .\" \"Georgia-\" \"No,\" she cut him off, pressing a finger to his lips. She moved her hand away quickly, in case there would be any awkward tension. The physical aspects of their relationship had not been a problem before, but she wasn't sure if it would be fine now, considering the fact that they hadn't been speaking to one another. About a very important topic, may she add. \"I shouldn't have told you over the phone. Over a text. I guess I was just looking for an easy way out, you know? It's definitely not something easy to talk about to someone's face.\" He nodded while listening to her, ceasing to look in her direction. Instead, he was drawn towards his bookshelf, his eyes not seemingly focused on anything in particular. After a brief moment—it couldn't have been more than thirty seconds or so—he stopped nodding. There didn't appear to be a look of forgiveness on his face, but still he said, \"I know,\" before returning to his previous expression of silence. \"I think it was wrong of you to do that,\" he eventually said, turning to face her. \"I know it's a hard thing for you to...deal with, but...there are other people involved too. The final decision should be up to the both of us.\" He sat down next to her. \"The baby's part me. And if the baby's gone, I sort of lose a part of myself. Of what could have been.\" Georgia bit her lip, looking down at her knees. \"Do you want the baby?\" He lowered his head so that he could try to see her face. She looked up at him, focusing her attention on his eyes. \"I want the baby, but it's just so stressful. And I haven't even had it yet. Imagine what things will be like when it's born. I'll probably be ridiculed even more. Gosh, I wish they hadn't created that site.\" \"What site?\" She sniffled and wiped at her eye. \"Someone made this website and there are people saying things about me. About us. Mostly about me, but some people said stuff about you too. Ellen, um...told me about it.\" \"What's the website?\" She shook her head. \"It's too...I'll just get Ellen to send it to you or something. If you really want to read it.\" \"I don't want to read it. I'm going to show it to headmistress Simpson.\" \"No. She'll have to read the comments.\" \"How else is it going to get taken down?\" \"What does it matter? People have already read what's on there.\" \"I still want to report it.\" Georgia sighed. \"So, are you going back to school?\" \"I want to try home-schooling. I won't have to deal with everything at school.\" He nodded, taking her hand. She didn't respond for a while, and she seemed to be somewhere else. When she did respond, she said, \"Is it bad?\" \"Is what bad?\" \"That I don't feel really...into this whole thing. I'm probably not explaining it correctly. Not that I want to give up on this or anything, just...So many girls feel so attached to their babies, but I haven't really experienced that connection yet. Instead of things being so happy and funny and sweet, things have been total crap. It's just hard to, you know, get into this and be able to be happy and not care what anyone thinks. Because I'll never fully be free from what everyone says. I mean, is that normal? To feel that way.\" \"I, uh...I wouldn't know. But with all of the stress it's causing you, I wouldn't be surprised if other girls felt the same way.\" \"Robbie, dinner's just about ready!\" \"Do you want to stay for dinner? It'll definitely make my mum feel better.\" \"What's wrong?\" \"I think she's worried about us. Since we weren't talking.\" \"Then I'll stay.\" \"I'll go downstairs and tell her. You might want to stay up here and go into the bathroom to splash some water on your face. Just so it looks like you haven't been crying. If she knows she were, she'll be suspicious.\" Georgia nodded, following Robbie out into the hall. He walked downstairs as she walked down the hallway to the bathroom. \"So, Georgia, how long is it now until your next appointment?\" Robbie's mother asked. Robbie and Tom were doing the dishes. \"About two and a half weeks.\" \"Would you mind if I tagged along? I haven't been to one in a long time. Wow, nearly too long. I just love babies.\" \"No, of course not. I'll let you know when the appointment is.\" \"Great.\" She smiled. Georgia smiled back. \"So, I'll let you and Robbie chat by yourselves for a bit. You probably want the privacy.\" \"No, it's okay. You can stay.\" \"Honestly, I'm okay with it. I have a show I want to catch anyway.\" She chuckled. \"I'll see you later, hun,\" she said, standing up. \"Good night.\" \"Good night,\" Georgia responded. \"Hey,\" Robbie said a few minutes later, after he was done washing the dishes. Tom was still drying some plates. \"Hey...So, I was thinking that we should have a discussion. About the baby. And since a bunch of people would be affected, I think they should be there too. Your mom. Your dad, if he would come. My parents. Tom. And even a few close friends. I think of Rosie, Jas, and Ellen as family and I couldn't imagine doing this without them, so I would really want them there.\" \"Yeah. I think that's a good idea.\" \"Okay. My dad doesn't get back for a few more weeks. Good thing he already knows about me being pregnant. I can't imagine what he'd do if he came back and I'm suddenly five months pregnant.\" \"Yeah. Hey, listen, it's going to get pretty late soon. Do you just want to stay over?\" She kind of just wanted to go home and crawl under the blankets in her own bed, but she didn't want to put any more distance between Robbie and herself, so she just nodded, saying that she would call her mother and let her know. So, this was a sort of long chapter. Longer than others in the past, at least. Please review![Chapter 9] Um, so we're at chapter 9 already? Wow, we're almost in the double digits! Anyway, I want to give a shout-out to the anonymous user who identified themselves as lala. They made me decide to work on an update for this. I skipped about two and half weeks so that we could get to Georgia's sonogram. I don't want to just skip more time in this chapter, so the big discussion will happen (most likely) in the next chapter. \"Oh, I haven't been to one of those in ages,\" Robbie's mother said, in reference to Georgia's appointment. \"I just love the feeling.\" \"Oh, me too,\" Georgia's mom piped in. \"Georgie, remind me to send aunt Kim a photo. She's been asking for one since I told her the news.\" Georgia nodded, not saying a word. She didn't want to risk saying anything she regretted. She was happy, of course, because she'd gotten to see the baby. But her father would be home in four days. Each day that passed was like a big reminder that kept nagging at her, telling her that if she didn't put some thought into this, everything would go horribly wrong. The day after her dad gets home, everyone will get together to talk about the baby. Robbie's dad had agreed to come after all, as well as the Stiff Dylans. They certainly wouldn't miss out on such an important conversation, especially because they got to see Georgia again. Ever since Robbie had taken a break from playing with the band, they didn't get to see each other that often. They'd told him that he was welcome back anytime, but they secretly knew that with his upcoming fatherhood, he'd likely be too busy to do much else. Still, when they did see each other, one of them would tell Robbie that the offer still stood. \"Georgia, is anything wrong?\" her mother asked. Georgia shook her head. \"No.\" They'd all reached Robbie's mother's car by now. Connie held the door open for Georgia and then shut in once she was inside. She got in the car and then slid the door shut. \"So, where to next for our girls' day?\" Robbie, who was sitting in the seat next to Georgia's mom, cleared his throat. In the back seat, Tom also cleared his throat. \"Sorry, our girls' day featuring Robbie and Tom.\" It was Robbie's mother and her own mom that decided on this girls' day out. Seeing as the doctor's office was about a twenty-five minute drive from their neighborhood, it made sense to get some other errands done. Or go on a little shopping spree, as her mother had put it. She said that she loved shopping for baby clothes and hadn't really done it in a while, unless a friend or family member was pregnant. With all of the crazy outfits that Libby owns, Georgia was a little surprised that her mom was this desperate for a shopping spree. She knew from plenty of experience that shopping with Libby was a bucket of fun. Unless she began to cry because she couldn't buy yet another tutu. \"I think there are some boutiques around here. Why don't why see if there are any baby stores?\" Robbie's mom suggested. \"What do you think, Georgia?\" \"Uh, sure.\" She shrugged. \"If you guys want to.\" No more than fifteen minutes later, they found a store. Both of the mothers had grabbed baskets—cute, hand-woven ones in beach-themed colors—and began filling them with clothing and accessories, all the while oohing and ahhing over a lot of the garments. Tom and Robbie even helped out a bit. They usually presented funny or strange-looking things to everyone, but they were helping nonetheless. After the two brothers, and Georgia, got a little bored, they asked if they could go check out a different store. Their mothers were a little upset that they wanted to go somewhere else, but they gave in and told them to head over to a nearby cafe in about a half an hour. \"Too many pink, frilly things,\" Tom commented as soon as they were outside. \"I know, right?\" Robbie said. \"I hope they leave all of that at the store. It's too much pink.\" \"You should see Libby's closet,\" Georgia said. \"Total overload of sparkly pink things.\" \"She is not lying. I've seen it. She tried to get me to play dress-up with her once.\" \"Did you go through with it?\" Georgia asked, clearly surprised. She had no idea that had ever happened. Perhaps it was during one of the occasions when he stayed over and she'd already gone to sleep. He shook his head. \"Definitely not. I wouldn't do it even if you paid me a million pounds.\" They'd reached the end of the block and saw that there was a park on the other side of the street. \"Swings?\" Tom asked Robbie. \"Race ya!\" Robbie replied, getting a head start. \"You guys are no fair!\" Georgia called after them. \"I wasn't ready!\" She didn't even think she should be running at this point, but she wasn't entirely sure. She walked over to the two boys and sat down on one of the swings, moving back and forth slowly. \"I can't believe you guys are having a baby,\" Tom eventually said. \"I mean, it's been a while since I've known, but, jeez, I always thought it'd be me, you know?\" Robbie rolled his eyes. Of course everyone would have expected it from Tom. He'd always been more...experienced than Robbie. Out of the both of them, Tom had done practically everything first. Spoke first. Started walking first. Got a girlfriend first. Had sex first. Robbie had to admit that he wouldn't have expected this for himself. If someone had told him that one of them would be a teen father, he would've placed his bet on Tom. \"Yeah,\" he said eventually. \"But you guys will be fine,\" Tom added in, hoping that he wasn't being a downer. \"And anyway, we're all here for you. And you've got the best soon-to-be uncle on your side.\" He flashed his teeth. \"Yeah, hopefully,\" Georgia said in reference to the first part of Tom's statement. A little while later, they were all in the car and on the way home. It was a lively ride home, as Connie showed everyone what they bought that day. Most of it was furniture or general stuff, but Georgia noticed a bag that contained clothes. Curious, she peaked into it. There was a little sailor outfit inside. It looked like it was for a girl. She had to roll her eyes. She didn't even know what she was having and here was Robbie's mother buying girl's clothing. If she got her wish, she'd be ecstatic. Woo! We got some Tom and family bonding! I also got to a little over one thousand words. I wanted to make sure I had at least 1,000 before I posted this. Tom and Robbie weren't originally going to be going along with them, but I decided to add Robbie in so there could be some bonding. Tom was added in afterward. Also, I'm sorry that it's all broken up into tiny little parts. I didn't realize how many parts there were at first! I have a few days of job training coming up, starting tomorrow (Thursday, the 10th). So if I write another chapter soon, then you guys should probably expect that update rather soon. I won't promise anything before Saturday, seeing as that is my last day of job training. I want to try to start working pretty soon after that. (I'll be working for a marketing company and I have to make my own appointments.) But I will try to update by next week. Depending on the number of appointments I book, that may be anywhere from Sunday to next weekend. But let's hope it'll be soon! Please review and I'll see you guys soon![Chapter 10] Hey, guys. I originally started writing this in December, but then I guess I just never finished it. I think I wrote some of it on my laptop and I thought I wrote some on my dad's laptop or my house computer. Either I did and emailed myself that updated version (possibly not) or I didn't add anything to it. I sometimes delete a document if it's not that important and paste the info into an email to free up computer space. I also have sent chapters or important info to myself as well, so good thing I tend to do that sometimes, seeing as I like what I did write for this chapter. If I had only finished it in December or January. You guys would have read it long ago. Anyway, I am going to keep the old author's notes that I had before, signified by: * *Hey, guys. I know I didn't update when I said I would, so I'm sorry for that. I don't remember if I started writing this chapter a while ago. If I did, there's a document on the house computer somewhere. Anyway, I'm on my laptop in my room (which I rarely use), so after I posted two new Degrassi stories, I decided to work on other stories as well! If you'd like to go read them, they are called \"Change Your Mind\" and \"Contagious.\" I also want to thank you guys for putting up with me and this story for about four and a half years. It doesn't seem like I posted it that long ago! [Actually it's now about five years!] I started working on this on December 6th, when I posted my two Degrassi stories. I put it on hold for a bit because I had to finish exams, then my birthday was on the 18th (I'm 19 now-I feel old, haha), and then I had the document on my laptop, so I didn't feel like going on there to email it to myself. Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy this chapter. I hope I can post something soon, especially since I have finals soon and then I'm free until late January! [As you can see, this is outdated.]* P.S. I gave Robbie the last name King because I didn't think he had a last name. Apparently, it's Jennings, so I'll use that. Georgia took a deep breath, looking into the mirror that was on the wall next to her closet. \"You look fine,\" Robbie said. \"Think so?\" \"He's your dad, not the queen. You hardly have anyone to impress.\" \"I know, but I haven't seen him in a long time.\" She sighed again. \"I just wanna wear something that says I'm trying to be serious and mature. I don't want to make myself look any younger than I am. That would probably just make him see it in an even worse light. A baby having a baby...\" \"You look fine,\" Robbie repeated. \"I don't think you'll see any ten-year-olds wearing that.\" He gestured to her dress, which was white with blue around the waist area. It was true. She looked mature enough. If she were going to a job interview, she wouldn't be stared at for being in the wrong attire, and no one would assume she was a kid who'd taken the wrong bus. The dress hugged her curves—both current and pre-pregnancy. A little bit of her cleavage showed, but it wasn't distasteful. Still, Robbie couldn't help but smile when he saw her that morning. No, he certainly couldn't imagine anyone else but Georgia wearing a dress like that, let alone a child. \"Maybe I'll just put a cardigan on,\" she suggested. \"I hardly think anyone wants to see my boobs.\" She opened her closet doors and pulled out a mustard-colored cardigan. \"Maybe don't put it on just yet.\" \"Robbie Jennings, are you trying to get lucky?\" \"Maybe...\" \"It's far too late for any of that,\" Jas said, walking into the room. \"Jas, what are you doing here?\" Georgia asked. \"You said 11:30. It's,\" she said, glancing at her watch. \"11:32, which means I'm officially late. Hi, Robbie.\" \"Hey, Jas. How are you?\" \"Great. Tom texted me and said he's coming over later with your mum. Do you know when your dad's getting here?\" \"Sometime later today is all I know. I just hope he'll get here in time. My mum said she called him the other day about it, so I guess she told him what time to come.\" \"I'm sure he'll be here. Even if he's late, it'll at least mean something that he showed.\" \"I guess.\" \"Jas, could you give us a second?\" Georgia asked. \"So Robbie can 'get lucky?'\" Georgia glared at her. \"Well, I can tell when I'm not wanted somewhere.\" She laughed. \"I'll see you guys downstairs soon.\" She left the room, then popped her head back into view. \"Or maybe not so soon.\" \"Shut up, Jas.\" \"I love you too, Georgia,\" Jas called, heading out into the hallway. \"So,\" Robbie began. \"So,\" Georgia echoed. \"Come here,\" he said, nodding his head to the right, in the direction of her bed. \"I was just kidding about earlier, you know? And besides, Jas is probably waiting out in the hallway to see if anything's going on.\" \"No, I'm not trying to get you to have sex with me. I just wanna kiss you, you know?\" \"That's it?\" \"Yeah, I feel like we haven't in a while. It just seems like every time I try, it's never the same. Like, every time I try to kiss you, I get reminded that we got to how we are by taking things too far. And don't even get me started about kissing in public. If I even try, I think people would stare and old ladies would start yelling at us.\" Georgia chuckled. \"Well, no one's going to yell at us right now.\" \"What about Jas?\" \"Go look out in the hallway.\" Robbie nodded, then made his way over to Georgia's bedroom door. He glanced out into the hall. \"All clear.\" \"Shut the door.\" Robbie did as he was told and then locked the door while he was at it. He walked over to Georgia's bed, sat down, and then leaned forward, planting a kiss on her lips. Georgia's arms were around his neck within seconds, and Robbie's own hands soon found their way to Georgia's waist. She bit down on Robbie's lip, causing him to pull away from her for a second. \"Wasn't expecting that,\" he whispered, pressing his lips to hers again. He moved one of his hands up to cup her cheek. A minute or two later, she pulled away, out of breath, and Robbie moved his lips to her neck. \"Georgia!\" Libby called from downstairs, followed by the sound of her feet on the steps. Robbie stopped what he was doing and Georgia could feel him sigh into her collarbone. \"What was that, three, four minutes max?\" He asked. \"Probably.\" She rolled her eyes, walking over to her door and opening it. \"What, Libby?\" \"Mummy wants you to help get things ready.\" \"All right, we'll be down in a minute.\" She turned her attention back to Robbie. \"I don't know why my mum insists on cooking for so many people. Why can't she just buy food?\" \"Because it'll be expensive for that many people,\" Robbie offered. \"I'd hate to be her right now. Whenever we have guests over, my mother is cooking and cleaning all day, even after they leave.\" \"Yikes. I guess my mum's got quite a lot on her hands today.\" \"I'll say.\" Robbie grabbed Georgia's cardigan for her, then held his hand out to her, and both of them walked downstairs. After helping Georgia's mother clean and cook a few things for later on, Georgia and Robbie left to go to the park, which they'd planned on doing earlier. Jas, of course, tagged along. \"I call the blue one,\" Jas called when they all reached the park, taking off in a run. She was referring to a blue swing. \"Green,\" Robbie said. \"I don't think you need to call them. There aren't that many people here to begin with.\" Georgia shook her head at her boyfriend and her best friend. \"Georgia calls the red one,\" Robbie added in. \"I'm not sure if I should be swinging right now.\" \"We'll make sure to push you lightly,\" he promised, grabbing her hand and pulling her over to where Jas was. \"Sit down,\" he told Georgia. \"Okay,\" she said, doing as he instructed. He grabbed the sides of the swing and gently pulled back, then let go, repeating this a few times so Georgia would get enough momentum to glide lightly in the air. In the midst of this, Jas spoke up, bringing her swinging almost to a halt. \"I can't believe you're almost five months along, G. It seems like just yesterday you were telling me you and Robbie had sex.\" She chuckled. Georgia tried to hide her face in her hands, while Robbie attempted to look anywhere else but at either of the two girls. \"But, honestly, it doesn't seem like it's been that long. Before you know it, you'll be ready to pop and so much will have changed by then.\" She frowned. \"It's kinda sad, you know? Not the baby thing, I mean. Of course not. But you'll be so busy and you won't be at school anymore. I feel like I'll hardly see you. That probably makes me sound really selfish, doesn't it?\" She wiped the trace of a tear from her eye. Georgia shook her head. \"I will be busy, but I'll have time for you. I'm sure you'll be around the house loads.\" \"Did you ever decide on where the baby's gonna live?\" \"I haven't really talked about it, but I've thought about it, yeah. I just assumed it'd be my house, I guess.\" She looked over at Robbie, who tried to stop the swing from moving. \"How do you think that'll work? I mean, it's weird of you to just see the baby only sometimes. And it's not like we can afford our own place. Not that it'd be likely anyway. Someone would have to be mental to rent us a place. I hardly think they'd take people our age seriously.\" \"My mum wouldn't mind you moving in with us. I haven't talked to her about it really, but I think she'd be fine with it. I just think your parents would want you home, you know?\" \"Yeah.\" She sighed. \"We definitely have a lot to talk about today. And a lot of those things I did not even think that much about.\" Needless to say, Georgia's living room was packed later that day. All available seating was taken up, including the chairs from the kitchen. Still, people were left standing. With seventeen people in total, it was not really a surprise. Besides Georgia and Robbie, their siblings and friends (including the Stiff Dylans) were there, along with Georgia's grandparents. Both of Robbie's parents were present as well, albeit sitting across the room from one another. Robbie was just glad that his father had come on time. Georgia's father had yet to arrive, so her mother was at the door, waiting to announce the moment she'd see the cab pull up in front of the house. \"You don't think he's late on purpose, do you?\" Jas whispered to Georgia. \"What do you mean?\" \"Like, maybe he wanted to put it off because he doesn't want it to be true?\" Georgia bit her lip. \"I really hope not.\" She took a deep breath, wanting so much for her father to walk through the door that minute. She couldn't imagine how much she must be putting her parents—and Robbie's—through. It would make for an extremely awkward situation, seeing as the house was packed. She wanted this talk to be an opportunity to discuss a lot of things. She wanted full honesty, yes, but she did not want her dad to try and make a scene about the whole thing. That would be way more than she needed right now. * Lol, just casually sitting here listening to Russian music while I write the makeout scene. No biggie. :D And we got a Jas/Georgia/Robbie friendship moment. Woo! I wanted to bring the other girls into the chapter at this point, but I feel like I would have just kind of had them off on the side a bit. I wouldn't have wanted to make them out of character either. * I was debating having the discussion in this chapter, but I want to make it good. I also wanted to post this tonight, so if I spent too much time writing it, I'd have to stay up really late doing homework. I hope you guys understand. Also random, but I was going through the chapters to find something in particular and I realized I originally wrote this in first person. Then, for chapter two, the very tiny bit at the beginning is first person, but then from there on, it's third. Lol. I have posted a few times for a different story in the past few weeks, so I think if I say I'll try to update this sometime between Thursday and Saturday, I'll want to stick with it. I have a paper due next week, two exams, and studying for my classes to do, and I might hang out with some friends, but I will try to post something. If not, then I will try my best for next week. ","Summary":" Ok, first Angus, Thongs & Perfect Snogging story! It was on Teen-Nick like all week, and I have the"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"The Invasion","Author":"BABYLIBBY96","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8621033","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Dude when you're done you seriously have to do the same thing to my grades\" I said as I watched my best friend hastily type away at his computer \"If I pull this off then maybe\" he replied not taking his eyes off the computer screen, he had been getting shitty grades at school even though he was a total genius and was currently hacking into the school's computer to change his grades, his parents were probably checking the website as he was changing them \"Judging by how fast you're typing you probably will\" I said as I sat down on the edge of his bed, I heard a thud come from outside close to his window and my head turned, his window slid open and I sighed in relief once I saw his older sister's face \"One word and you're dead\" she said to Tom as she climbed through \"Are you crazy? If dad catches you he'll kill you\" Tom said standing from the computer \"Dad's not going to catch me\" she said walking to the other window, she moved the curtain and blew a kiss through the window \"I don't get it, what do you see in that guy?\" Tom asked, I then knew he was talking about Ricky \"You mean other than' the fact he's good looking, sweet, sensitive, romantic, funny and ridiculously atheltic?\" Bethany asked turning to face him, I rolled my eyes and his bedroom door opened revealing Hannah \"Dad's coming and he's mad\" she said looking at the siblings \"At who?\" I asked curiously \"Tom\" she said pointing at her brother, we all heard loud footsteps heading our way and I jumped up off the bed \"Crap I'm supposed to be at home\" I whispered falling to the floor and rolling underneath his bed, Bethany and Hannah jumped behind the door just as their father walked in \"What?\" Tom asked nervously \"If you're smart enough to hack into the school website then you are smart enough to pass Math. D'you think Bethany got accepted to Michigan by screwing around all the time?\" Mr Pearson asked annoyed \"Of course not, she got in cuz she's perfect\" Tom replied \"No your sister worked her tail off and that's exactly what I expect from you\" Mr Pearson said \"Yeah dad you're right, I don't deserve to go on the family vacation I should stay home tomorrow and learn my lesson\" Tom said trying once again to stay home from the vacation, I was going aswell but only because my mom had begged them to take me, she thought I would trash the house while she was off on a buisness trip and the Pearson's were more than' happy to let me go \"Oh no no I am not taking that bait kiddo. This isn't you the bad attitude and the grades what is going on?\" he asked taking a few steps forward, I felt a sneeze coming so I covered my nose with my hand and hoped for the best \"Nothing\" Tom said shrugging \"I blame all this for coming between this right here\" Mr Pearson said motioning to the room and then him and Tom \"Some good old fashioned no tech family togetherness is what we need\" he said yanking out the plugs to everything electrical apart from the light \"So get some sleep were hitting the road at sun up. Oh and you guys too\" he said looking behind the door at the girls, I thanked god that I wasn't caught but I spoke too soon apparently \"And don't think I didn't see you Zoe\" he said as he left the room, I sighed and rolled out from underneath the bed before getting to my feet \"Well that went well\" I said sarcastically while brushing down my top \"Tell me about it\" Tom muttered sitting back at his now turned off computer, Bethany left the room with Hannah and I turned to Tom \"Well I'm coming so you'll have someone to hang with. Besides it's only you, your sisters and your parents right?\" I asked shrugging, he gave me a guilty look and I narrowed my eyes \"It is just us right?\" I asked slightly nervous, he shook his head and sighed \"I didn't wanna tell you because I knew you wouldn't be happy with it\" he said rambling a bit \"Who else is going Tom?\" I asked crossing my arms and legs on his bed \"Well my uncle Nate's going which means the twins are...and Jake\" he admitted, my eyes widened and I shook my head \"No way I am not going\" I exclaimed quietly so that I didn't disturb his family \"You have to otherwise your mom will kill you and you don't even have to be around him\" he said, I rolled my eyes \"You know that's not what I'm worried about\" I said leaning back on my hands \"Yeah I know you think if you'll see him you'll wanna get back together with him\" he said boredly, I punched his arm lightly and stood from the bed \"You can be such an' ass sometimes. Anyway I should get some sleep\" I said heading for his window \"Zoe\" he said with rasied eyebrows, I turned to face him \"My parents know you're here you can use the front door\" he pointed out, I lowered the window and instead went to his door \"Sorry, just following a routine\" I said shrugging, he nodded \"I'll see you tomorrow, d'you want me to call at your house?\" he asked, I nodded \"Yeah, living across the street has it's perks when you're friends with me\" I said, he rolled his eyes \"Yeah yeah, later Zoe\" he said waving his hand lazily \"Night Tom\" I said before walking out and shutting his door.[Chapter 2] The Next Day... The doorbell rang and I jogged down the stairs before pulling open the door \"Hey you ready?\" Tom asked, I nodded and motioned him to come in \"Your mom home?\" he asked looking around the living room \"Nah, she left a few hours ago. Wanted to get an' early flight\" I shrugged while picking up my bagpack \"Wow\" he suddenly exclaimed, I turned my head \"What?\" I asked confused \"You don't usually show so much skin around me\" he said taking in my outfit \"What you don't like it?\" I asked glancing down at my short shorts and halter top \"No you look great but you don't usually wear that kinda stuff. What are you up to?\" he asked narrowing his eyes, I shrugged again \"Nothing, just wanted to look good is all\" I replied, it was a lie and I think he knew it too \"Yeah right, anyway hurry up we're leaving soon\" he said picking up my duffel bag, I grabbed the handle of my suitcase and we left the house \"How much are you bringing exactly Zoe? We're only going for a week\" he said looking at my large suitcase \"Girls change a lot Tom, just ask your sister\" I said as we made our way to his house, the rest of the family were out on the porch and Mr Pearson was shoving everyone's bags into the boot of the car \"Hey Zoe, you all packed?\" he asked as we reached them, I nodded and he took the suitcase before carefully putting it into the boot, I decided to take my duffel and bagpack into the car with me to give him more room for Hannah's stuff \"Wow Zoe, nice outfit. Date?\" Bethany asked, I shook my head \"Ex\" I corrected, she nodded in understanding and Tom overheard \"Wait so you're dressed like that because Jake's gonna be there?\" he asked with raised eyebrows, I nodded \"Pretty much, when girls are gonna see their ex's we have to look as awesome as possible\" I explained, he gave me a confused look \"Why?\" he asked \"To show them that we're not sad about losing them and it makes them want you back\" Bethany said not looking up from her phone \"So you want him back?\" Tom asked, I shook my head \"No\" I said \"But you want him to want you back?\" he asked \"Yes\" I confirmed, he tilted his head \"So you don't want him back but you want him to want you back so that you can feel good?\" he asked trying to process the information, I ran what he said through my head a few times before nodding \"Yes\" I said \"Girl's are so strange\" he muttered \"C'mon kids, time to go\" Mrs Pearson called, Hannah jumped into the window seat and I noticed there might not be enough room \"How are we all gonna fit in here?\" I asked curiously \"Oh I'm sorry Zoe I forgot to tell you, you might have to sit on Tom's lap until we get there. Is that okay?\" Mrs Pearson asked guiltily, I nodded \"It's fine\" I reasured \"Yeah mom, Zoe is seriously light I probably won't even feel her on my legs\" he said, his mom nodded with a relieved look and jumped into the front seat \"I call window seat\" Bethany exclaimed, Tom groaned and jumped into the car next to Hannah \"Climb in Zoe\" he said irritatedly, I chuckled and got into the car before settling myself on his lap, I shoved my bags underneath the seat and Bethany jumped in next to us slamming the car door afterwards \"And off we go\" Mr Pearson said starting up the car. A While Later... We had been driving for quite a while now and I seriously felt bad for Tom, he was either getting elbowed by a dancing Hannah and Bethany occasionally nudged him with her texting \"Please Hannah next time you ride in the middle okay?\" he asked taking Hannah's headphones off her head \"I barf in the middle remember?\" she said before pulling them back on again \"Having fun Tom?\" I asked amused, he glared at me and his dad turned up the radio \"In other news it looks like their'll be more than' fireworks in the sky tonight as an' unexpected meteor shower add's some excitement to our Holiday\" The radio guy announced \"Wow that'll be beautifull you guys\" Mrs Pearson said glancing back at us, I nodded and Bethany's text tone went off \"Wow your boy toy is a complete idiot\" Tom said taking her phone from her, he showed me and it was a picture of Ricky shirtless holding some flowers while smiling \"Ricky is not a boy toy. We're in a mature loving relationship\" Bethany said snatching her phone back, Tom scoffed disgustedly and she glared at him \"Okay why don't we talk in a few years when you have a clue what datings about\" she said \"Like Ricky has a clue\" he said \"One more word about Ricky and I swear to god I'll...\" her insult was blocked out by someone honking their truck and I think it was Mr Pearson \"Okay that is enough, knock it off you guys we're almost there\" Mrs Pearson said slightly annoyed with their bickering, I looked out the window and noticed a bunch of fields and trees surrounding a rather large house, the car slowed to a stop and Bethany was the first to jump out \"And there's the pool, bye\" she said grabbing her bags and walking away, I climbed off Tom's lap and out of the car making sure to grab my own bags as I did \"This place doesn't look so bad\" I commented as Tom got out \"That's because we're the only one's here\" he said annoyed, I rolled my eyes \"I hope their was a discoutn for booking us in the most boring spot in the whole Country\" he said looking back at his parents who were getting everything out of the boot \"C'mon we're only a stone throw away from half a dozen top notch fishing lakes\" Mr Pearson said handing me my suitcase \"Do you have a time machine so we can go back five years to when I thought fishing was cool?\" Tom asked though I was pretty sure his dad didn't hear him, I left Tom to his moping and I headed into the house.[Chapter 3] I walked into the large bedroom and dumped my bags onto the bed while leaving my suitcase near the nighstand, I had looked in all the rooms as I walked through and this was the biggest here \"Good choice\" Tom said walking in with his own bags \"It'd be even better if I didn't have to top and tail with you\" I replied crossing my arms, he rolled his eyes \"The feelings mutual but there aren't enough rooms, besides it's a double bed so we'll both have plenty of space to move around\" he pointed out, I nodded and suddenly heard loud rock music come from outside, I walked over to the window and saw a car similar to Mr Pearson's speeding down the road before swerving to a stop \"Oh great\" I mumbled knowing exactly who was in the car \"Cousins?\" Tom asked knowingly, I nodded and turned to face him \"Yep, this weekend will be awesome\" I said sarcastically \"Just ignore him Zoe I'm sure he won't bother you. Besides wasn't the break-up bad on him too?\" he asked sitting on the edge of the bed \"I dunno, I haven't exactly seen him since I left\" I said shrugging, he nodded \"So do you sleep left side or right side?\" he asked looking at the bed \"I don't mind, I don't really move around much in my sleep though so I don't really need that much room\" I replied, he nodded again and I looked out the window \"Did you know your grandma was coming?\" I asked \"Yeah, whenever there's a family vacation Grandma always come's\" he said, I nodded and walked over to my suitcase \"I don't know weather to get some food because I'm starving or unpack\" I said in thought \"Maybe you should get food first, you get really bitchy when you're hungry\" he said unzipping his bag, I rolled my eyes \"No I don't\" I protested, he gave me a look and I sighed \"Okay maybe I get a little bitchy but c'mon everybody does\" I said, he nodded in agreement and I heard footsteps behind me \"Twins in here\" A familiar voice said, I tensed but then remembered that I would have to stay calm if I was gonna survive this week \"Hey guys\" Tom greeted \"Put my bags on the bed\" Jake said looking at the twins, he obviously hadn't noticed me yet \"Sir yes sir\" One of them said, I never really remembered which twin was which \"You tryna be a wise guy?\" Jake asked \"No he's not, don't prevoke him\" The other twin said looking at his brother \"Good now get these outta here\" Jake said motioning to Tom's bags \"Wait a minute why do you get the best room?\" Tom asked \"I was here first\" he added \"I'm here now\" Jake shrugged \"I'm older\" Tom said smirking \"And I'm bigger\" Jake said standing closer to Tom, I could deffinatly tell that he was now bigger than' Tom by a few inches \"Did you grow since Christmas?\" Tom asked shocked \"Two inches cuz, I can tag a stop sign without even having to jump\" Jake said smugly \"Well I'm not moving\" I said firmly, they both turned to me and Jake's eyes widened \"What the hell are you doing here?\" he asked surprised, I shrugged \"My mom forced the Pearson's to bring me and believe me I'm not too thrilled about seeing you either\" I snapped before sitting on the bed \"Look's like our break up was good to you\" he said looking me up and down \"Oh it was. But again I'm not leaving the room\" I said crossing my arms \"Why not?\" he asked a little irritated \"I have to share a bed with someone and all the others are single beds which only leaves this one\" I explained leaning back on my hands \"I'm not going anywhere, so I guess you'll have to share with me\" he said smirking \"No way\" I said shaking my head \"Why not? It's not like you haven't done it before\" he said clicking his tongue, I rolled my eyes and he started unpacking \"Anyway how's Mathletes?\" he asked turning to Tom \"I don't do Mathletes anymore\" Tom replied smirking proudly \"You tired of getting beat up?\" Jake asked tilting his head, Tom's smirk fell instantly \"Tom get down here and help us unload!\" Mr Pearson shouted, Tom sighed and headed for the door \"Close my door on the way out\" Jake said, Tom rolled his eyes and left the room without closing the door \"So...how've you been?\" Jake asked, I shrugged \"Alright I guess. You?\" I asked slightly interested \"I'm awesome. Never better\" he replied, I nodded \"Still an' asshole?\" I asked, he looked at me \"Are you still a bitch?\" he asked \"Fair enough\" I muttered leaning my head back agains't the headboard \"You look god\" he said, I chuckled \"I know\" I said without turning my head, my sunglasses were still on so I didn't have to close my eyes \"You miss me?\" he asked, I actually looked at him this time \"No. You miss me?\" I asked curiously, he shrugged \"Sometimes. And you're a shit liar by the way\" he said, I was actually quite surprised by his answer but I wouldn't let it show \"I'm gonna...go\" I said standing from the bed \"Later Zoe\" he said as I left the room.[Chapter 4] I reached the bottom of the stairs and heard a familiar but very annoying voice \"Mr and Mrs P\" he exclaimed, I groaned and walked into the kitchen \"And I thought this week would be awesome\" I said sarcastically while standing next to Tom, he rolled his eyes at me and turned back to Ricky who had just given Mrs Pearson flowers \"He's so sweet\" Bethany squealed hugging him, I crossed my arms \"Do you want anything to eat or drink?\" Mrs Pearson asked him \"Oh that is really sweet of you and I wish I could but my parents are at this lake house in Oakstown and I gotta get back before dark incase my car breaks down again\" Ricky said sighing, I knew it was probably a load of shit but Tom's parents didn't see it \"Dad why don't you take a look at it for Ricky?\" Tom asked turning to his father \"Yeah I don't mind getting my hands dirty\" Mr Pearson replied shrugging, Ricky reluctantly nodded and we all headed out to his car \"Try it again Ricky\" Mr Pearson said standing in front of his car, Ricky was behind the wheel trying to start up the car but for some reason it wouldn't start \"Gotta be something obvious\" I said shrugging, Jake had come down by this point and was stood next to me \"I gotta be honest with you, mechanics isn't really my thing. Now if this was a spreadsheet or a ledger I would be all over it\" Mr Pearson said closing the hood, Ricky laughed at the lame joke clearly being a kiss ass \"Tell you what why don't you stay here tonight and we can take it to the shop in the morning\" Mr Pearson suggested, Ricky lifted himself higher in his seat and he was clearly pleased with the offer \"Mr P that's really considerate of yah\" he said, Tom gave him a disbelieving look and I inwardly groaned \"Really? He can stay the night?\" Bethany asked hopefully, as soon as Mr Pearson turned his back on Ricky to face her Ricky turned to look at Tom, he smirked and did a weird dance in his car that honestly disturbed me a little \"Screw this, I'll be in my room\" I muttered before going inside the house. I was busy unpacking in my room when Tom walked in with Jake \"What a gas pipe\" Jake commented while shaking his head \"I know. Why can't they see that?\" Tom asked annoyed, I fell down on the bed and layed down on my stomach \"Dude parents are wired differently, their brains are old and mushy, fried from bad 80's music. It's up to you Thomas. You've gotta defend your family honour like a man\" Jake replied grabbing a large silver case and opening it, I couldn't see from my spot on the bed so I leaned over \"No way\" I said in awe \"I call it the Punisher\" Jake said dramatically \"I can't believe you still have this\" I said surprised, he nodded and I stood up to get a better look \"Your dad bought you this?\" Tom asked with wide eyes \"Perks of divorce, never underestimate the power of a grown mans guilt. If we even mention mom Nate drives us straight to the mall\" Jake said putting the paintball gun together \"I wish that would work on my mom\" I said in thought \"It probably would if your mom was around to listen to you\" Jake said knowingly, I sighed and put my hands in my back pockets \"She's all your's. Don't be a wuss all your life\" Jake said handing Tom the gun \"I don't know man\" Tom said hesitatingly, Jake rolled his eyes and walked over to the window \"Take a look at that guy, do you really want Ricky as your brother in law?\" he asked, I walked over to the window with Tom and saw Ricky do a very bad cartwheel while Bethany laughed \"Heck no\" Tom said shaking his head \"Then let's go prune the family tree\" Jake said smirking, I chuckled and took the gun from Tom \"Man I missed this thing\" I sighed inspecting it \"You only missed the gun?\" Jake asked raising his eyebrows, I looked at him and shrugged \"Maybe. Maybe not\" I replied before handing the gun back to Tom. A Few Minutes Later... \"I'm thinking shooting my sister's boyfriend isn't such a good idea\" Tom said nervously, I was on his left while Jake was on my left blending in very nicely with the grass \"This isn't about ideas, this is about action. Don't think, do\" Jake said lifting his head \"I can't believe I'm even listening to you you're dressed like a shrub\" Tom said giving Jake an' annoyed look, Ricky and Bethany were by the pool while we were quite far from them \"Target is on the move, take him out before he reaches second base\" Jake said as Ricky leaned in towards Bethany \"No I don't think...\" Tom stopped talking as I reached my hand forward and pulled the trigger, an' orange paintball hit Ricky in the shoulder and he jumped up while Bethany screamed, I repeatedly shot Ricky and practically jumped for joy when one of the paintballs hit his nuts, his jaw dropped and Bethany's head whipped in our direction, my eyes widened and I shuffled back \"I can't believe you just did that\" Tom exclaimed as I let go of the gun \"Oh calm down\" I replied rolling my eyes, Bethany suddenly stormed our way and I inwardly cursed for not wearing camo like Jake suggested \"Oh my god she saw us, what do we do?\" Tom asked panicked \"Camo mode. Hunker down and blend\" Jake said ducking his head so that he blended in with the grass again, Tom tried to do the same but it failed \"I'm sorry\" he said repeatedly as Bethany reached us \"You shot my boyfriend, sorry doesn't even cover that\" she snapped, he sighed \"When Tom? When are you gonna grow up and stop being a total embarassment?\" she exclaimed taking the gun from him and going back to Ricky \"And that's why we use camo\" Jake said with his head still down, I rolled my eyes \"Shut up Jake\" Tom said annoyed.[Chapter 5] \"I don't know what you were thinking, I really don't. A paintball gun! Dont you know that's a gateway gun? What's next bb, pellet, stun? What am I gonna do? What do you think I should do? I don't know what I'm gonna do!\" Mr Pearson shouted, I was sat at the dining table with Tom and Jake currently receiving a scolding for shooting Ricky in his balls...I didn't see the big deal \"Cant you keep him in his room for the rest of the week?\" Bethany asked after storming in from the kitchen \"But it wasn't even me\" Tom exclaimed leaning forward \"Okay look you guys are just lucky Ricky wasn't badly hurt\" Mr Pearson said \"It's okay Mr P I was a little kid once too\" Ricky said from the doorway of the kitchen \"Oh that's nice Ricky, thank you. He's a good guy, but no I'm not okay with this. Look we are up here to fish not to hunt your sister's boyfriend alright?...\" As Mr Pearson shouted at us I noticed Ricky mocking him from the doorway, I rolled my eyes and fiddled with my ring \"You could've put his eye out, would that have been funny? I don't think so\" Mr Pearson said shaking his head \"I woulda laughed\" I muttered, I could tell both boys heard me from the smirks on their faces \"All right let's start off with a clean slate, tomorrow we fish. 7:00 am sharp\" Mr Pearson said, my eyes widened \"7:00?\" Tom exclaimed \"You're kidding\" I begged, Bethany smirked in triumph and headed back over to Ricky \"Pass. Nate\" Jake said looking back at his dad \"Yeah Stu dont you think that's a little early? How about this, 10:00 am on the boat no question asked\" Nate said, my jaw dropped \"Dude your dad is awesome\" I said looking at Jake, he shrugged \"Way to crack the whip Nate, way to crack the whip\" Mr Pearson said annoyed \"Stu, the TV's gone haywire\" Tom's Grandma said while hitting the TV with her walking stick \"Mom stop it, it's probably the dish. Alright after the storm I'll climb up and fix it\" Mr Pearson said, I heard a sudden smacking noise and I looked to see Ricky walking ahead and Tom rubbing the back of his head \"You okay?\" I asked grimacing \"I supppose\" he replied glaring at Ricky from behind \"Wait a minute Mr P, let me fix the dish man that's the least I could do for your hospitality\" Ricky said, I rolled my eyes \"No Ricky you're hurt\" Bethany said lightly grabbing his arm \"No it was just a graze\" Ricky said waving it off \"See he's fine, go ahead Richard show some hustle\" Grandma said eager to get the TV working again \"Yes indeedy, but I will be needing a helping hand\" Ricky said jogging towards us, he leaned over to stare at Tom \"What do you say brother? Give us a chance to burry the old hatchet\" he said before walking away \"Make things right with Ricky or don't come off that roof\" Bethany said smiling and shoving her younger brother towards the door \"You think he'll fall off the roof?\" I asked turning to face Jake, he shrugged \"Tom will be fine Zoe\" Mr Pearson said patting my shoulder, I nodded and waited for him to leave the room \"I wasn't talking about Tom\" I said standing from the table, I walked towards the doorway and lifted my arms until my hands reached the top, I held on with both hands and used it to stretch \"So what should we do now?\" Jake asked standing in front of me, I shrugged \"I don't know, what do you wanna do?\" I asked heading for the stairs \"Well it's either climb up on the roof and scare Tom or make out\" he replied crossing his arms, I tilted my head \"You know we don't go out anymore right?\" I asked, he shrugged again \"So\" he said shaking his head, I rolled my eyes \"How do we get to the rood?\" I asked sighing, he smirked and led me out of the house \"That way\" he said pointing to a ladder that was stuck to the side of the house \"That look's about as stable as a tower made of cards\" I commented with wide eyes \"Aw c'mon princess, when did you stop being fun?\" he asked teasingly, I gave him a small glare \"Dont you dare\" I said warningly knowing what he was gonna do \"I dare you to climb that ladder\" he said, I groaned \"I told you not to. Fine asshole have it your way\" I muttered walking over to the ladder, I had a weak spot when it came to dare's and I hated not following through with them, Jake knew this and made sure to use it to his advantage \"What if I fall?\" I asked as I placed my hands on the ladder \"I'll grab you, I'm coming up to remember\" he said standing right behind me, I rolled my eyes and started climbing. We were only about halfway up when I realised something \"Did you make me go up first so you could stare at my ass?\" I asked pausing in my movements to look down at him \"Do you mind?\" he asked, I rolled my eyes \"If I did would you stop?\" I asked, he was silent for a few seconds \"Probably not\" he replied, I nodded before carrying on.[Chapter 6] Hey dudes! First of all, I'm so sorry that this isn't an update, just in-case I got your hopes up. I've created a new account on F.F, so from now on I will be re-posting my stories on that account. Please don't favourite any of the stories, or this account as I will be deleting it once I'm done re-posting. The name of my new account is BabyBearMunchkin. Don't ask about the name, it was cute so I chose it :). Anywho all my stories will be re-posted and re-edited on that account from now on. Also, unfortunately, only a few stories will be re-posted, as I know that I've lost interest in some. Below is a list of the returning stories on my other account: - Back to WhiteChapel (A 'My Babysitter's A Vampire' Fic). - Life In WhiteChapel (A 'My Babysitter's A Vampire' Fic.) - Bailey's Story (A 'My Babysitter's A Vampire' Fic). - Breanna Parker (A 'Karate Kid' Fic). - Charlotte's Nightmare (A 'Fright Night' Fic). - Cj's Story (A 'Fright Night' Fic). - Oliver Twist (An 'Oliver Twist' Fic). - The Werewolf's Sister (A 'Being Human' Fic). - The Radio Rebels (A 'Radio Rebel' Fic). - The Country Girl (A 'Wizards of Waverly Place' Fic). - Neverland & Return to Neverland (A 'Peter Pan' Fic). - The Other Misfit (A 'Misfits' Fic). - The Search for the Stone (A 'Little Vampire' Fic). So, those are the stories that will be re-edited and re-posted on my new account. If the story you like is not on the list then I'm really sorry, but I've lost interest and no longer feel the need to continue the story. Anyway, that's all. But I thank you so much for favouriting and following my stories. This will be my last A/N on this account. BabyLibby out xox. ","Summary":" \"Dude when you're done you seriously have to do the same thing to my grades\" I said as I watched "},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Aliens in the Attic: Unexpected love","Author":"Siriusly Potter-tastic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10469210","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Click...Click...click \"Tom will you stop that, I'm trying to win this game\" I whined. \"Kat shush I'm concentrating\" Tom snapped, \"concentrating?\" I huffed \"You're cheating\". \"Same thing\" He muttered, pausing my awesome game of Tetris I rolled over so I was facing him. \"Why don't you just get the grades the old fashioned way\" I rolled my eyes, \"you know with your brain\". \"I can't\" He sighed still typing making me blow out my cheeks, \"well if you're not going to can you change my science grade?\" I asked. He turned to look at me and smirked, \"sure thing\". Being the mature adult I pretend I was, I stuck my tongue out at him. \"You know I think there's something wrong with you\" He said making me burst out laughing. \"And you just figured that out?\" I asked through my laughter. Tom just smiled and shook his head before turning back to his computer, \"what-\"my sentence was cut off by the window opening slowly. \"Uh tom\" I gulped, \"what Kat?\" He sighed, \"There's something-\"I was cut off by a ball of brown hair tumbling through the window right on top of me. \"Ah!\" I screeched, \"shut up you butthead\" the familiar voice of Bethany Pearson whispered harshly. \"Beth!\" I squealed hugging her tightly, \"Katy!\" She squealed hugging me even tighter. \"One word and you're dead\" Beth threatened Tom making me giggle, \"If dad finds out he's gonna kill you\" Tom sighed still typing on his computer. \"He's not going to find out\" she said smugly walking toward the window that was still opened letting in a draft, she giggled and blew a kiss to her dumb head girlfriend.\"What do you see in him?\" Tom asked with a sneer on his face, I plopped down onto the bed and looked up at her wondering what she saw in him myself. \"Why not, he's good looking, sweet, sensitive, romantic and ridiculously athletic.\" \"That does sound nice\" I sighed dreamily, making Tom look at me like I was crazy and not the good kind. \"I mean if it wasn't describing him\" I said quickly blushing, \"Don't worry Katy, You'll find someone who is as good to you as Ricky is too me\" Beth said nudging me. \"Shut up Beth\" I muttered pushing her off the bed making her glare playfully at me, before she could retaliate Hannah burst through the door clutching her teddy bear. \"Dad's coming and he's mad\" She stated wide eyed, \"At whom?\" Tom asked looking a little like he was gonna crap himself. \"Tom\" She said right as a much angrier, deeper voice repeated what she said. Beth quickly sprung into action grabbing Hannah and pulling her behind the door. I gasped and jumped under the covers as if that would hide me... gosh I'm so stupid sometimes. I heard Tom snicker right before his dad barged into the room, I was going to listen and help if I could I swear but I saw Tom's phone next to me and I had a paused Tetris game going on that thing and I was about to beat his high score. So if you hadn't already guessed I spent the next 5 minutes playing Tetris completely ignoring what was going on, on the other side of my fortress. \"Kat I know your under there\" I heard Mr.P's voice, \"Yup hang on a minute\" I said making him huff. \"I'm in the middle of a very important situation\" I stated sticking my tongue out of my mouth concentrating. \"Just go to bed guys\" He sighed and left. Keep reading and remember to follow, like and comment :) I update at least twice a week :P ~Siriusly Potter-tastic xx[Chapter 2] \"Wake up\" I heard an annoyed voice command, \"No\" I grumbled. \"I don't want to go\" I mumbled, \"Yes you do\" the voice said. I slowly opened my eyes and saw an already dressed Tom leaning over me, \"go away\" I whined pulling the blanket over my head. \"No your coming wither you like it or not\" He mumbled and without any warning he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder making me wake up. \"Tom!\" I yelled angrily, \"Put me down\". \"Nope\" He smirked, \"AH!\" I screamed as he dropped me into the bath full of freezing cold water. \"Tom!\" I screeched spitting water out of my mouth; he paled slightly seeing how angry I was. \"You better run\" I growled starting to get out of the bath, \"uh oh\" He breathed turning around and running. - A long, hot shower and thinking of revenge later- \"Are we there yet?\" I asked, \"No Kat and stop asking\" Mrs P frowned. \"Sorry\" I muttered crossing my arms, Tom being Tom chuckled at my pouting lips and pulled me closer to him, \"you're really light\" He said. \"I know\" I said smugly, \"You are eating right?\" He asked looking slightly worried \"Course\" I said smiling sweetly. \"You know I love my food\" I giggled, \"yeah I know\" He sighed. Beth started giggling about something on her phone so I just zoned out. Placing my head on Tom's shoulder I yawned, \"Go to sleep\" He muttered and I did just that. \"Kat, Kat\" I felt someone nudging my shoulder, \"What\" I yawned stretching my arms. \"We're here\" he said, \"and my legs are dead\" He smiled crookedly. \"Sorry\" I shrugged not really sorry at all; \"sure\" He rolled his eyes. \"Let's go pick our room\" I said smiling, \"yup\" he agreed \"let's do this\". \"Oh I like this one\" I said jumping onto the double bed sighing softly, \" yup this is mine\" I said standing up on the bed, \"I hereby claim this bed in the name of Katherine Heart\" I pretended to put a flag down. \"You're an idiot\" Tom chuckled, \"Shut up\" I poked my tongue out at him. Suddenly there was loud music coming from down the drive and it was getting closer, \"what in Sherlock's name is that?\" I asked walking over to the window. \"That would be my cousins\" Tom said grimacing slightly, \"Cousins? You didn't mention any cousins\" I accused him sweeping my long black hair away from my eyes. \"Must of slipped my mind\" He said looking sheepish, \"Sure sure\" I said looking away from the window. \"Let's go meet these so called cousins of yours\" I said skipping towards the door, \"Um I need to warn-\" Before Tom could finish his sentence a loud voice sounded from the hall. \"Okay boys put my bags down here\" Two younger boys, well not that much younger since I'm fifteen and they look around twelve maybe thirteen walked into the room both carrying heavy looking bags. \"Sir Yes sir\" One of the boys muttered loudly, \"what was that?\" A boy about Tom's age (Which is 16) walked or rather stalked in, \"Nothing Sir\" the boy spoke quickly. \"I told you not to goad him\" The other one whispered harshly, the twins walked past me and dropped the heavy bags onto the bed next to my suitcase. \"Hey that's my bed\" I argued, \"Well it's mine now\" Blondie said turning to face me. \"Really?\" I asked raising my eyebrow; \"because I claimed it before you got here\" I crossed my arms and tapped my foot. \"Ya-um-um\" He stuttered, \"some ones speechless for once\" Tom muttered loudly.[Chapter 3] \"What?\" I asked confused turning to face Tom, \"Nothing\" Blondie spoke loudly getting my attention. \"So I haven't had the wonderful privilege of introducing myself to this lovely young lady\" He said bowing low. \"Uh\" was all I could say, rising my eyebrows I looked questionly to Tom before looking back at the Blondie who was now staring at me expectantly. \"I'm Katherine Heart\" I said slowly putting my hand out to shake his, but he seemed to have other ideas as he lifted my hand and put his lips to my knuckles. \"Okaaaay\" I said dragging out the word as I pulled my hand out of his, \"Nice to meet you too\" I curtsied sarcastically. \"But this is still my bed\" I smiled innocently making Tom old in a snicker, \"Well I would gladly share with such a fine specimen as yourself\" Blondie said winking. \"Uh no\" I stated looking towards Tom with a raised eyebrow (which seems to be my thing) \"I'll stay with you?\" I asked, \"Sure\" he shrugged looking teasingly at Blondie. As Blondie (I really have to learn his name) was about to say something we heard some stupid pop music coming from down the road. \"What the hell is that?\" I questioned bolting out of the room to go take a look, \"Oh it's Sugar Daddy\" I muttered leaning against the front door as I saw a yellow and black convertible drive up the driveway. \"What's he doing here?\" Tom questioned coming to stand next to me, \"let's go find out\" I answered walking up to the parked car. \"What the hell is he doing?\" I more stated then asked as we saw Ricky opening the hood of his car and pulling out a spark plug. \"What are you doing here?\" Tom asked him crossing his arms, \"Just stopping by for the afternoon\" He smirked \"and maybe the night\" He flipped the spark plug and put it in his pocket just before Beth came and basically tackled him squealing. \"Oh watch out for the car\" He said looking at his car to make sure it wasn't 'hurt', \"I can't believe your here\" She giggled looking up at him. \"Neither can I\" I muttered making Tom elbow me but I could see him smiling, \"well you are my girlfriend now so there's nothing I wouldn't do for you\" He said 'sweetly'. \"Now give papa some sugar\" He mumbled making me draw the line and apparently Tom's line too, \"Bethany\" He said looking slightly disgusted \"Please don't give papa sugar\" even with Tom saying it, it made me want to throw up. They both looked at us, Beth with a glare and Ricky with a smile that said 'I'm going to kick your arse when no one's looking'. \"Let's just go inside\" I said pulling Tom along but the happy couple just followed us in, \"Mr and Mrs P!\" Ricky exclaimed walking into the kitchen with a bunch of flowers he got out of nowhere, \"Where did he get those\" I whispered to Tom \"I have no idea\" He muttered looking well glaring at Ricky. \"Ricky wow\" Mrs P said seeing him walk in, \"Hey Ricky what a surprise\" Mr P smiled looking up from making a tea. \"I got you a little house warming gift\" Ricky said handing the flowers over to Mrs P, \"Aww isn't that sweet, isn't he so sweet\" Beth beamed hugging Rocky. \"Yes, their beautiful\" Mrs P agreed looking at the bunch of flowers now in her hand, \"gorgeous\" Mr P stated coming over to Tom and I \"very patriotic to huh?\" He asked us nudging Tom. \"Stick the flags in some water and see if they grow\" he said smiling at his own joke, \"yeah we could do that\" Mrs P said putting them down, \"hey do you want anything to eat or drink?\" She asked turning her attention back to Ricky. \"Oh that is so sweet of you, and I really wish I could but my parents have a lake house in Oakstown and I've got to get back before dark in case my car breaks down again\" he said looking innocent, \"Uh oh car trouble\" Mr P said. \"Dad, why don't you take a look at it for Ricky?\" Tom asked putting on a 'I'm just trying to be helpful' face, Ricky looked sacred for a split second before putting a grin back on his face. \"Sure I don't mind getting my hands dirty\" Mr P agreed. As we all went outside Blondie joined us, \"Try is again Ricky\" Mr P called out while looking under the hood while Ricky sat in the driver's seat. When he turned the keys the car made a cranking sound before Ricky shut it off again, \"Come on Mr P it has to be something obvious\" I said ignoring the look from Ricky. \"Got to be honest I don't know much about auto mechanics.\" Mr P said shutting the hood, \"yeah we figured that\" I mumbled getting a snicker from Blondie and an elbow in the stomach from Tom. \"Now if it was a spreadsheet or a ledger I would be all over it\" He joked getting a very fake laugh from Ricky, \"tell you what Ricky, why don't you stay here tonight and we'll take your car to the shop in the morning\" He offered making me groan and Tom to look horrified. \"Mr P that's really considerate of ya\" Ricky said with a smug smirk on his face, \"really he can stay the night?\" Beth asked excited. Ricky turned to us and did a 'Oh I'm so surprised' face and wiggled his hips in a circle with a stupid look on his face making me flip him the bird and walked back inside with Tom and Blondie following me.[Chapter 4] \"What a gasp pipe\" Blondie stated as we walked into the room we were in before, \"I know\" Tom and I said together as I flopped onto the bed and stared at the ceiling. \"Why can't they see that?\" Tom kept going, \"Dude Parents are wired differently\" Blondie said picking up a grey case that was to my left. \"Their brains are old, mushy, fried from bad eighties music\" He said making me snort \"Kat shush\" Tom said not even looking at me. \"That's why it's up to you Thomas\" Blondie spoke as if we hadn't interrupted him, \"You've got to defend your family honour, like a man\" He started to open the case. \"Like a man?\" I asked sitting up, \"Well that's gonna be hard for Tom\" I smirked watching as Blondie opened the case and Tom sent me a look that said I was going to get it later. \"I call it the Punisher\" Blondie said as I leaned over to see what was inside, what sat inside that case was probably the most amazing thing I had ever seen, a paint ball gun. \"Your dad bought you this!\" I exclaimed Jumping up and pushing them out of the way so I could take a good look at it. \"Perks of Divorce\" He said sending me a smirk, \"never underestimate the power of a grown mans guilt, if we even mention mum, Nate drives us straight to the mall\" I didn't stop to question why he called his dad Nate as I picked up the weapon and clicked on the scope, \"Nice\" I smiled weighing it in my hands. \"It's all yours\" He gestured me to give it to Tom, which I did... slowly. \"Don't be a wuss all your life\", \"I don't know man\" Tom said looking unsure. Blondie (When am I going to learn his name?!) held up a finger and walked over to the window that over looked the pool, where we could clearly see Beth and Ricky mucking around. \"Take a look at that guy; do you really want him as a brother in law?\" That was all the convincing Tom needed, I was in from the moment I saw the gun. As we snuck out to the pool area I couldn't help but look at Jake, no not because he was good looking ... which he's not, but because he was dressed in grass from head to toe. Not kidding. I'll be watching from over there\" I said pointing to the opposite side of the pool and running off before they could stop me. I did this for a number of reasons, 1. I was hot and wanted to put my feet in the pool 2. I wanted to be far away from them in case they get caught... seriously you do not want to be on the bad side of an angry Beth And 3 I wanted to get a good shot of Ricky being hit by a Paintball, hopefully multiple paintballs. As I neared the pool, I saw Beth putting sunscreen on Ricky making me cringe. I walked by unnoticed by the vomit inducing couple and sat down on the other side of the pool and took out my phone pretending to play a game as I started recording. Let's just say the next few minutes were the best minutes in my life, when the shooting stopped I zoomed in on Ricky as he fell over holding his junk. Then in the corner of my eye I saw a very pissed off Beth heading straight for the boys. \"Well they're on their own\" I mumbled and hightailed to the house before I too got caught in Beth's rampage. Running upstairs I opened my bag and pulled out my phone and earphones, \"Music, perfect\" I smiled pressing shuffle. Walking downstairs I heard talking coming from the living room, I paused my music and leant against the doorway as Tom and Blondie got chewed out by Mr P. I was quite enjoying myself seeing them well Tom get the third degree, Blondie's dad was just sitting on the couch watching TV with nanna. As the conversation ended the TV stopped working, making me groan \"I'm not going to be able to live without that\" I mumbled to myself before stalking upstairs to see what the kids well younger kids were doing. \"How you guys doin?\" I asked walking into the game room, Hannah was sitting down on a bean bag playing with a doll and the twins (whose names I don't know either) \"I'm okay\" Hannah said smiling sweetly up at me, I only got grunts from the boys making me roll my eyes. \"Can I play?\" I asked Hannah as I sat down next to her; \"sure\" She said handing me another doll. As I quietly played with Hannah, I couldn't help but think about what happened to Tom and Blondie. \"I'll be back in a minute\" I told her standing up, \"Okay Kat\" She said going back to her doll. \"Tom?\" I called out walking towards the kitchen but I bumped into a wall, \"Ow\" I muttered rubbing my nose. \"Whoa there missy\", the wall which happened to be Blondie say as he steadied me \"Sorry\" I said huffing slightly, \"where's Tom?\" I asked looking to see if he was behind him. \"He's on the roof fixing the Dish with the gasp pipe\" He said smirking slightly, \"want to scare Tom with me?\" he questioned wiggling his eyebrows making me giggle. \"Sure, Blondie\" I said winking before turning around going towards the roof, \"Blondie?\" he asked confused before quickly following me. \"Yes Blondie\" I laughed climbing up the ladder, \"the names Jake\" He mumbled climbing up after me. \"Finally\" I muttered turning towards him, \"I've been calling you Blondie since you got here\" \"Nice to know\" He said sarcastically before putting his finger to his lips and motioning me towards the window.[Chapter 5] I could see Tom walking towards the dish but Ricky was nowhere to be seen, \"Wait\" I whispered pulling Jake back from the window \"Where's the dickwad?\" \"I don't know and I don't care\" Jake whispered back before moving back towards the window and opening it slowly, \"come on\" he whispered ducking out the window and holding a hand out to help me. Without saying a word I took his hand kicking the butterflies to the curve and pulling myself up and through the window without making a noise. I slowly lower the window back down as Jake pulls the hand he still had in his pulling me towards a Ivy covered garden divider wall thingy, as we made our way over there I tripped over a plant pot making it crash. Tom swung around looking nervous as Jake pulled me out of his sight just in time; I looked at Jake and mouthed a 'thank you'. I heard Tom call out and his footsteps come closer to our hiding spot, I felt Jake lean down so his mouth was next to my ear \"this way\" he breathed making me shiver. I quickly nodded to mask it and followed him quietly around the other side just as Tom turned to where we were before, \"Hello?\" Tom asked his voice sounding shaky. I looked towards Jake and he put his finger to his lips telling me to keep silent, we both slowly made our way behind Tom. I held up three fingers and counted down. \"AH!\" We both screamed grabbing Tom from behind making him squeal like a girl and turn to face us, \"oh my god\" I laughed holding my stomach \"dude you make it too easy\" Jake laughed hitting him on the shoulder. \"What happened to the dish?\" I asked walking up to it, the thing was blown up so there was a giant hole in it, \"I can't do a week here without TV\" Jake spoke up from behind me \"I can't do a week here period\" Tom said coming to stand next to me. In the corner of my eye I saw a shadow rising from the ground, I squeaked and grabbed Jake's shirt ... because he was the closest, yeah let's go with that. The boys both turned to see why I squeaked and turned silent as they saw the shadow, It was becoming bigger and four arms made shape. The boys both slowly turned towards where the shadow was originating from I moved to cling to the back of Jake's shirt, but Jake had other ideas he grabbed my hips and planted me right in from of him, as I tried to move he just wrapped his arms around me and held me still. I sighed and gave up, not because I liked being in his arms... not because of that. When we finally turned all the way around we saw a small four armed, green alien fiddling with a tool of some sort. \"Ah!\" I screamed making the alien jump and look up to see us, I turned to run but Jake had a firm grip on me, \"hello humans\" It spoke ... It spoke! I tried to get out of Jake's arms again but they seemed locked in place. \"Please tell me you see that too\" he said \"Not sure I want to\" Tom swallowed \"but, yeah\", \"we come from upstairs\" He said raising all four of his arms making me take in a quick breath. Before any of us could even think of answering him a fatter much more toad like alien jumped in looking very angry, \"I handle human contact\" He all but growled at the four armed alien. \"Yes sir. Noted. It's understood\" He said looking scared, and I think he had a right to as the toad turned to us. \"Hello, humans!\" He greeted than looked into the book he had in his hands before continuing \"no need to notification army, we come in pieces\" He finished looking smug at his 'human contact'. \"In peace\" the four armed alien spoke up, \"what?\" the toad asked with an edge in his tone. \"In peace say it with me\" The four armed alien said as if he was talking to a toddler, \"what are you talking about?\" Toad growled. \"Read the book. Peace.\" He said gesturing to the book, I almost giggled at his cuteness, almost. \"Forget the book!\" The fat toad screamed, \"Attack the humans, attack!\" as he yelled this, a more girl like alien appeared on the screen. \"With pleasure\" It spoke, yup defiantly a girl, before pouncing towards us I screamed and bolted with the boys not far behind. \"Help!\" I screamed and started running to the other side of the roof, \"Humans submit\" Another voice called out making me look over my shoulder to see another alien on top of the screen. The boys bummed into me seeing as I had stopped and they hadn't, \"Hey, what is taking you girls so long?\" Ricky appeared out of nowhere. He was facing us with that stupid grin on his face, \"no, no, no don't\" We all tried to warn him but him being him didn't listen quickly enough. \"Ricky!\" Tom and I shouted when the toad alien shot him, \"What's happening to him?\" Tom asked as Ricky started spazzing out. \"Now the fun begins\" toady said putting an earpiece on \"Testing, testing\" a weird sound kinda like feedback came out of Ricky's mouth. \"Testing, testing, testing\" as toady spoke these words Ricky slowly began to mimic him. \"Testing\" He said one more time with a smirk, Ricky suddenly jumped up from the ground an even stupider almost mocking grin on his face. \"Humanoid subjects\" Ricky talked starting towards us, \"we are the Zirkonian species. And we hereby claim your luscious planet as our own\" With every word spoken through Ricky he got one more step closer, we moved backwards towards the edge of the roof but couldn't go anywhere else as he was advancing on us. He grabbed the boy's shirts and knocked me to the ground putting a foot on my stomach, \"Wha- Wha-\" Jake tried to talk but couldn't as Ricky pulled Tom's and his shirts closer making them stumble into his sides. \"You have the choice of eternal enslavement or\" The alien paused for what I presumed as suspense \"instantaneous death\" He finished with a deep throaty growl. \"Run?\" Tom asked Jake, \"I'm good with run\" He answered slightly chocked. They both elbowed Ricky Making him grunt and let go of them, I gripped Tom's hand as he helped me up and we ran to the window. \"You have chosen instantaneous death\" He growled before following us,\"The human grubs are escaping\" the more manly alien called out., \"Not from me\" The fat alien grumbled before sending Ricky after us with a type of game controller. \"It's locked\" Tom gasped attempting to open the window. We screamed once again and bolted for the other end of the roof, which was behind the screen...why do we always end up here? \"Duck!\" Jake pulled me down just as Ricky broke through the screen and jumped at us; instead of grabbing us like the toad alien expected he jumped straight off the roof. We watched as he fell pulling most of the screen with him before taking our chance and running back to the window. \"Unbelievable\" He said gripping the controller tightly, \"Razor go!\" he ordered \"Yes sir\" She responded sounding happy as she pounced onto Tom, He quickly picked up a bored and blocked her oncoming attack. Jake and I ran back over to the window to try to open it, I looked over to Tom and was going to help him when I heard a voice, \"Hey, can I play too?\" I looked back to the window and saw Hannah standing there hugging her sock monkey, \"Hannah!\" I exclaimed only to be cut off by Jake. \"Hannah? Thank god. Open. Hurry\" He spoke quickly not even getting the words out properly, Hannah nodded and climbed up to open it. But she saw a grasshopper and ran away. \"No!\" Jake and I yelled, \"Come back, come back\" Jake said in a shaky voice as I banged on the window making it wobble. \"Hey, look out!\" Tom yelled making us look back at him, the manlier alien was pointing his gun straight at us, \"AH!\" I screamed gripping Jake, again because he was closer, \"Hey frog face!\" Tom yelled throwing the bored with the alien on it at the alien who hit both other aliens... did that make sense? Before they could get back up Tom ran back to us and the twins came into the attic, \"Open the window!\" Tom yelled, \"Please\" I begged hitting it. The twins seemed to be arguing but I could hear the aliens in the background, \"Someone open it\" Jake ordered making their argument come to rest as one of them came up (still don't know their names) \"Come on right there\" Tom pointed to the lock; I looked behind us and saw the aliens heading straight for us. \"Hurry up\" I snapped just as the window opened, \"Move twin\" (that doesn't help with the name situation) Jake ordered pushing him out of the way as Tom and I scrambled to get into the attic. We all fell onto the wooden floors as we pull the window shut. \"Everyone downstairs now\" Tom ordered through clenched teeth as we got back up, \"Why?\" the other twin asked looking confused. \"Just move\" I snapped again pushing everyone in front of me just as the window was smashed and the four aliens jumped in showering glass everywhere. We stopped moving and turned to see the fat one pull the four armed one off a rope, \"creepy crawlies\" Hannah whispered but we all heard her. \"Creepy\" The manly one agreed walking forward making us snap back into action, \"go, go, go!\" We shouted pushing everyone down the ladder. I jumped down after the twins and ran to the rope as Jake and Tom flew down, \"Pull!\" I ordered the twins as they yelled at each other to pull faster. We pulled as fast as we could and got the ladder up just in time; I tied the rope and turned back to the guys.[Chapter 6] The only noise I could hear was heavy breathing, no weird alien lasers or small alien foot falls, \"What the hell just happened?!\" I almost screeched probably sounding close to a banshee. The boys choosing to ignore me just looked at each other, \"you a zombie?\" Tom asked Jake while I was deciding to kill them for ignoring me or not. \"No\" Jake answered still gasping for breath before narrowing his eyes, \"You?\" \"No\" Tom answered looking at me in the corner of his eye, \"Prove it\" Jake all but ordered starting to get up. \"What do you mean?\" Tom asked looking slightly confused well no more confused than he already was considering there are aliens in the attic. ( She said the thing ;P :D) \"I mean prove it!\" Jake growled out scrambling to pin him down, \"You-you wet the bed until you were ten, a zombie wouldn't know that!\" Tom spit out stumbling through his sentence. Before Jake could reply to that amazing piece of information I had stored away in my mind the Attic door started opening making the rope loosen. \"Here they come!\" Screamed one of the twins as we all leaped to close it back up, Tom and one of the twins ran to the rope as Jake and the other attempted to push the door back closed. \"Ugly humans, submit\" one of the aliens ordered \"Close it!\" I yelled grabbing a chair out of the corner before trying to use it to push the little green buggers back into the attic, \"Tie it off!\" Jake rose his voice above all the banging and yelling. \"I'm trying\" Tom grunted trying to get a good look at where they were \"Push harder\". (That's what she said) \"Oh my gosh!\" I heard the twin that was helping Jake yelp, \"Oh my gosh, she scratched me with her claws!\" He moved away from the door screaming making Hannah squeal and run further away from the chaos. \"Hurry up!\" I yelled to the boys as my arms started burning from holding up this stupid chair, \"sorry sucker\" Jake ground out as he finally pushed the hatch closed leaving behind three sharp nails on the floor. And no not nails as in a hammer and nails but as freaking manicure and nail polish nails. \"He cut off her nails\" I glumped looking down at the long sharp claw like nails on the floor dropping my chair with a thud. \"We got to call 911\" Tom said looking at us after tying the rope, you would've thought someone had said there was free pizza by the way we rushed downstairs scrambling like crazy to find where our phones were. \"I can't get a signal\" I heard Jack say as I emptied out my bag in an attempt to find my phone before remembering that Tom had made me leave me phone at his house as he wasn't allowed his. \"Tom\" I grumbled under my breath as the others agreed with not getting a signal, \"Those midget Martians must be jamming us\" Jake said letting Tom have a try of his phone. \"No shi-\" I started before looking at Hannah, \"shi-ite Jake\" I retorted making him send me a smirk. \"Never a good sign\" Lee I think said but I wasn't really paying attention as Hannah grabbed a house phone off the desk, \"It's working!\" she exclaimed holding out the phone to one of us. Hurrying over the twin in the green shirt that I was deeming Lee whether it was his name or not grabbed it and went to press the buttons only it didn't have any. \"There's no buttons, what is this thing?\" He realized sounding horrified almost making me face palm …. Almost, \"It's a rotary phone\" Tom answered walking forward and dialled to nine \"you spin it\". We all stood around the phone that was taking its own precious time rotating back to zero, when it finally did I looked at Tom and Jake before saying \"Well, we're screwed\" fully expecting and accepting the synchronised \"Kat!\"[Chapter 7] After what felt like forever the three numbers were dialled and the phone was ringing, \"Th-there's an alien invasion at our rental house\" Tom blurted out making me roll my eyes. \"Really tell the cop that there are little green midgets running around our house with death rays that's gonna make him wanna come right over\" I mumbled to myself but no one heard over the continuation of Tom's conversation. \"Knee high beings, very angry\" I would've snorted if I wasn't so freaked out that there really was knee high angry aliens in the upstairs that could and mean to kill us, \"No\" Tom continued his call that we couldn't hear. \"Real. Look, I know this sounds crazy… but you gotta understand-\" He was cut off, \"Hello?\" He asked looking confused and frustrated. \"Hello?\" He asked again before slamming down the phone, \"we gotta tell our parents\" Tom said leading us all out. But because we live in a world where apparently nothing is easy just before we got to the door a loud 'thunk' sounded outside the window making us all freeze into place. I pulled Hannah towards me as I pushed myself into Tom's side the 'thunks' continuing, none of us talked just stood still staring at the window that was covered with a plaid curtain. Jake cautiously started towards the window as we all slowly followed him, He took steady steps hesitating slightly before pulling the curtains open. \"AH!\" Hannah and I squealed as we all jumped back seeing Ricky dangling outside the window, his head repeatedly knocking against the glass pane. We all walked forward as Jake pushed open the window letting us have access to Ricky, \"Think he's still an alien zombie?\" Tom asked. \"I don't know if I should hope he is or hope he isn't\" I answered even though I knew he wasn't asking me. They all gave me a look though the twin in the black top had a sort of agreeing look making me wink at him, Tom gave me a 'shut up' look before we turned back to a slightly deranged look on his face. Jake looked to Hannah and she understood but didn't look happy about it as she gave him her fairy wand, He took it off her and leaned out the window and jabbed Ricky in the shoulder. \"You are useless\" He spoke making us all jump for a second time, \"why aren't the mind-control plugs working? You're the engineer Figure it out. Hurry up. Hurry up.\" 'What the hell' I thought, 'this day just keeps getting crazier'. \"Hurry up. Hurry up. Fix it! Fit it. Fix it now you idiot.\" Ricky growled out, \"He's not talking to us, right?\" Jake asked. \"I don't think so\" I said moving my gaze upwards where the attic would be, \"I think he's picking up their conversation. They had, like, a Bluetooth\" He explained to the Twins as they hadn't been there when the toad alien had used the earpiece device. Before we could say anything else Ricky started talking again quickly gaining our attention, \"What do you mean their hormone levels are too unstable? Are you telling me the plugs only work on mature subjects? Why did we not plan for this? You have failed me you incompetent piece of—\"He cut himself off before starting again, \"Translation not available\" And he said all of that with that stupid freaky smile on his face. \"Can you please get that smile off his face\" I somewhat pleaded looking to Jake, he looked at me and was about to say something when Ricky started spazzing out and feel down the rest of the way to the ground. \"Did you hear that?\" Tom asked looking around at all of us, \"Yeah, sounds like Ricky landed on his face\" the twin in the Black top that I have now deemed Art smirked, considering I had deemed the other Lee and one name was someone's or another…. Yeah it's been a long day. \"I know right\" I smirked back holding my hand up for a high five that he hit smiling, \"No\" Tom butted in giving me yet again another look. \"Those things they shot at us, they-re-they're mind control plugs\" He stumbled through his explanation, \"They won't work on kids, It's like you said\" He gestured towards Jake \"We're wired differently. \"Wha-what about Ricky?\" He questioned still trying to catch up on everything, \"It tagged him and he's Bethany's age\". \"Pfft that tools not Beth's age\" I snorted getting everyone's attention, I seem to be really good at that, \"That\" I Stopped trying to think of another word I could use in front of Hannah, \"bubble head is in college\" I finished gaining an amused look from Jake making me slightly red in the face… cause it was hot in.. Here yeah I have to quit lying to myself.[Chapter 8] \"So if their plugs don't work on kids\" Lee started as Art chimed in \"It means we can fight them\", \"I like the way they think\" I said moving away from Tom and hanging my arms over their shoulders. I was about a head taller than them but it didn't really prove anything as I was still a good few inches shorter than both Tom and Jake. \"It means they'll go after our parents\" Tom got us back on track making my smile drop, \"They're walking targets. \"We got to tell them. Now.\" Lee decided starting to run out of the room, without moving from his twins' side I stuck my hand out and grabbed the back of his shirt \"Not gonna happen kid\". \"She's right\" Tom agreed \"yes!\" I butted in fist pumping in the air jolting Art \"For once\" He finished \"Hey!\" I exclaimed feeling very offended. \"I'd have you know I'm always right\" I sniffed miffed, \"Yeah sure Kat\" He rolled his eyes sending a look to Jake who in turn just smirked and shook his head at me. \"Wait and think\" Tom stressed looking into all our eyes, \"If our parents even go near those things, they'll get zapped and end up zombies. Our own parents will attack us\" He explained. \"We need the police, and their hard core fire power\" Jake moved towards the phone but Tom blocked him, \"Armed zombies, even better.\" \"We're done\" Lee spoke up, \"game over.\" \"Game over for the grown-ups\" Jake corrected, \"But we can still fight back.\" \"So you expect us to stop an alien invasion on our own?\" Art asked, \"He's right, we're the only option\" Tom agreed looking at each of us, \"but we can't tell anyone, no police\" He pointed to Jake, \"No parents\" He turned to the twins, \"No exceptions\" He stuck his finger in my face causing me to roll my eyes and push it away, he turned to Hannah \"Got it?\" There was a spilt second of 'shit' before Lee called out with a hint of hysteria \"Hannah?\", \"Get her!\" I yelled before we all bolted to the door. We all stopped at the stairs almost falling over each other, \"Stop\" I hissed listening to see where she was, \"They smashed the skylight and tried to break the attic stairs\" we heard from the kitchen. \"Well, let's hope not for your sake\" Mrs P was saying as we came to a stop behind Hannah, \"We put a huge deposit on this place. So you guys better keep it in one piece\". \"You heard her Tom. No more trouble\" Mr P continued, \"It was just a video game\" Tom blurted out grabbing Hannah by the shoulders attempting to guide her out. \"We shouldn't have let her watch it, It's rated 'T' for 'teen\" I smiled my most innocent smile pushing the twins towards the door as I walked backwards, The twins nodded along from behind me, \"Yeah, Its teen violence.\", \"Rated for Teens\" \"Tommy, I'm scared. I don't like the mean aliens\" Hannah was saying as we walked into another room, \"Don't worry, Han.\" Tom kneeled down in front of her, \"Just pretend it's a big game, a game that we're gonna win. Just think about how little they are\" He smiled softly. \"Little and deadly\" Art piped up from beside me, \"Dude\" I scolded hitting his shoulder. \"What do we do now?\" Lee asked turning to Jack, \"We figure out their weakness\" He answered. \"They flew here from another galaxy. You really think they have a weakness?\" Lee raised his eyebrows. \"First rule of the warrior code\" Jack stood up straighter and looked at each of us, \"all enemies have a weakness.\" \"Why are we going outside?\" I asked as we made our way round to the side of the house following Jake who was apparently our new mission leader, \"Recon\" He shrugged, \"Right\" I nodded \"and we're outside because?\" \"Of this\" He stopped and we all crowded around the trellis that went up the side of the house. Jake moved forward and tested to see if the trellis would hold his weight before turning to us, \"all right, recon's my speciality. I'm going up\" He started climbing as we all looked up to the window that looked into the attic. \"I'm coming with you\" Tom randomly said making me jump slightly, \"Tom be careful\" Hannah said as he too started climbing. \"He'll be fine Hannah\" I smiled down at her taking her hand, \"They both will\" I added turning to the twins and seeing their nervous expressions before looking back up at the two dumbest but bravest guys I've ever met, \"They have to be.\" \"What the bloody hell are they doing!?\" I yelled seeing them both scramble and Jake slip but catch himself, \"Idiots!\" huffing I pulled Hannah the twins back and watched helplessly as they both fell and hit the ground feet first. \"That must of hurt\" Art remarked as we all winced at their landing. \"Basement\" Tom panted looking from Jack to us, \"we have to get to the basement.\" \"You guys okay?\" I asked grabbing their arms before they could make a move, \"Yes, we're fine Kat\" Tom smiled, \"yeah, just a few bumps and bruises\" Jake added holding his shoulder. \"Oh, great\" I nodded smiling before hitting them both in the arm hard enough to earn a synchronised 'ow', \"That's what you get for scaring me like that\" frowning I pushed past them making my way towards the front of the house, \"Now let's go to the basement.\" \"Ricky?\" \"Ricky!\" \"Oh shit\" I whispered turning to Tom as I heard a familiar voice from around the corner, \"I completely forgot about Bethany.\" \"Hey, guys, wait\" She called upon seeing us, \"Have you guys seen Ricky?\" \"Pretty sure he's still around here somewhere\" Jake shrugged pretending to look like he cared, as I elbowed Tom in the ribs gaining his attention and subtly motioned to the lump that was Ricky just out of Beth's sight. \"Actually Beth\" Tom started as Beth talked over him, \"He didn't leave, did he?\" she made a move to look in Ricky's direction causing us all to slightly panic. \"No, no. He-\" Tom reached out and grabbed a hold of Beth's shoulder quickly letting go when he saw her expression. \"He told us he was heading back to the lake\" I jumped in giving my best smile, \"Yeah\" Tom caught on \"to bronze up his rock-hard abs.\" Jake and I both gave him 'wtf' looks for that one, \"yeah he wants you to meet him there\" He continued before attempting to walk past but Beth was not having that. \"Wait\" she pushed him back, \"What did you guys talk about on the roof? Did he say anything about me?\" She smiled a little. \"No.\" Tom answered, \"No, no. He- he talked about his car. And-\" He stumbled trying to come up with something, \"Pretty much just his car\" He finished off lamely. \"But you should hit the lake\" I interrupted pushing Tom even more back and stepped in front, \"so he doesn't think you're blowing him off.\" \"Yeah, the lake\" Everyone quickly chipped in nodding and motioning to where the lake was behind us, \"Over there\" \"It's probably good over there.\" As she walked past us we all quickly bolted to the basement not wanting to risk her coming back. \"EW\" I gagged as Art picked up a crusty piece of material, walking past him I looked around \"I don't see anything alien-y.\" \"I'm telling you, their map led down here.\" Tom repeated, \"You positive?\" Jake asked his face looking like he said it sarcastically. After a few seconds of silence Hannah spoke up, \"you hear that? Rice Krispies.\" We all seemed to hold our breathe as we attempted to listen for what she was hearing, moving around the room I could hear the snap, crackle and pop sounds become louder. Slowly all out heads turned towards the source of the noise, which seemed to be coming from Lee, he looked around at us and then carefully took his Nintendo out of his pocket and opened it. The noise was definitely coming from the device as the sound increased, \"What is that?\" He asked quietly handing it to Tom. I walked over and looked over his shoulder seeing random symbols and shapes that kinda resembled the code I normally saw Tom playing around with on his computer. \"It's them\" He breathed just as quiet, he looked up and around the room \"something down here's setting it off.\"[Chapter 9] The only noises that could be heard were coming from Lee's Nintendo and the movement of everyone as we spread out looking for whatever the aliens were here for. \"I can't see anything that an alien would bother coming to Earth for\" I called out from my corner of the basement, \"Unless they travelled across the galaxy for-\" I stopped and opened a box marked Fragile \"china.\" \"China?\" Hannah questioned running over to me, \"That's not China\" she pouted after looking into the box, \"They're just plates.\" \"They are?\" I asked pulled a shocked face, \"Tom! They're plates!\" I yelled waving to get the attention of my best friend. He turned to me and raised an eyebrow, \"Don't we have something important to do?\" \"Oh\" I pulled the same shocked face, he didn't look amused. Turning on the balls of my feet I twirled in a circle \"Well I can't see an alien-\" I stumbled attempting to think of something \"toaster or whatever around!\" \"Well, whatever it is,\" Jake spoke up as he grabbed a rake from somewhere gaining the attention of the room, \"we can't let them get to it.\" \"Everyone, gear up. We move on my command.\" He ordered us, and I took a second to appreciate the sight of Jake in taking control knowing Tom would butt in any minute. \"Now, just hold on\" \"Called it\" I mumbled moving to stand beside him patting Lee's helmet covered head as I passed. \"If we run up there with a bunch of random junk, we're gonna get creamed.\" Tom continued as he fiddled with a piece of pipe, \"We can make something better.\" \"We're in the middle of a battle, and you wanna play science fair?\" Jake asked sending Tom a look as if he thought he was an idiot. \"To be honest\" I looked around our little make shift army, \"I don't want to go up against these little, little green dudes with rakes\" I nodded to the rake still in Jake's hand, \"I think we should listen to Tom\" \"No way\" Jake shook his head starting to get more worked up judging by how red his face was getting, \"We're going back in now, before our parents end up as alien zombies.\" \"You're not thinking.\" Tom, ever the voice of reason, stepped towards Jake and looked him in the eyes, \"We need a plan. I already have a great idea for a weapon.\" \"Really?\" Jake laughed mockingly before turning to the twins and throwing the rake to Lee, \"Let's go.\" When the twins just stood there he snapped, \"Now.\" The twins quickly got it together and ran out carrying their chosen weapons of a rake and a mop following behind Jake, Lee quickly grabbing a red umbrella on his way out. I rotated my body watching them run as I stayed next to Tom. \"Did they really just run out to fight deadly, midget aliens with a rake, a mop and an umbrella?\" I asked slightly confused, \"Yup.\" Tom answered before turning towards Hannah, \"Hannah, hand me that tape.\" When Tom finished building his awesome looking potato cannon we quickly made our way upstairs, \"Hey Nate. Hey Nanna!\" We yelled as we rushed up the stairs, as we got closer to where the entrance to the attic was I could hear the twin's voices, \"Now what are gonna do?\" \"I don't know!\" We stopped and looked at the closed door in front of us, \"Stay behind me\" Tom told us before pushing the door open. As soon as we entered the room we were greeted with multiple, loud objections, \"No! Don't! Don't!\" \"Don't! \"There's no gravity!\" \"Oh shit\" I cried out not even thinking about censoring myself as I started to lift off the floor, I quickly grabbed onto Hannah's hand and pulled her towards me in case the gravity turned back on suddenly. Tom, Hannah and I floated up to the furniture covered ceiling as we drifted over to Jake and the twins. My hair lifted off my neck and floated around my head as if I was underwater and I tightened my hold on Hannah. I'm so glad I'm not wearing a dress. \"Hello, humans.\" I turned my head to see the alien bitch whose nails we chopped off poking her head through the cracked open attic entrance, \"Enjoying the ride?\" the manly one joined her causing me to groan in annoyance, great another one. The two aliens climbed out of the attic and pressed buttons on their boots, they slowly floated down to the ground. \"They have gravity boots!\" Art yelled in shock as the aliens started walking towards the door, \"Why don't we have gravity boots?\" Lee asked sounding extremely jealous and truth be told so was I. \"They have gravity boots\" The lady alien mocked as they got closer to the door, wait the door. \"The door!\" I yelled guiding Hannah to hold onto the bean bag next to us in case I would need to slap a bitch, \"Stop them! Use your weapon Tom!\" Jake yelled as we helplessly watched from the ceiling. \"Bring it meat sack\" the manly one goaded turning to look up at us, \"Today!\" Jack screamed as Tom shot a potato towards them, the force pushing him to the back of the room. \"A potato gun? That's your big idea?\" Jake questioned watching Tom hit a window. \"My plan is working\" The manly alien observed smugly, \"my plan. You mean my plan.\" The lady corrected as they started back towards the door. \"Tom!\" I yelled panicked watching them get closer, \"hurry Tommy!\" I heard Hannah call out. I turned to see Tom flying towards us using a fire-extinguisher to propel himself forward, \"Careful!\" I warned not wanting to see him face-plant into a wall. He rammed into the door closing it and quickly locking it using the lock that was conveniently at the top of the door, \"Go Tommy!\" I cheered wincing when I hit my head hit the ceiling. Tom looked down at the extinguisher still in his hands and turned it on the little, green buggers. It seemed to be working, before it ran out. ","Summary":" Click...Click...click \"Tom will you stop that, I'm trying to win this game\" I whined. \"Kat shush"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"One Heck Of A Summer!","Author":"CheerleadingGymnasticsGrrl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6703754","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One Heck Of A Summer. Jake/OC. Summary: Summer vacation, a time for friends, family, and just having fun. Now, spending that time with your best friend is supposed to be amazing , which it is, don't get me wrong, Tom is like my brother. But then my enemy shows up along with little Hobbit sized aliens and all of a sudden, nothing makes sense in the world. Chapter One: Just The Beginning of Hell. Click, click, click, click, click! The sound was driving me insane, the room was closing in. I grabbed my inhaler and took a few puffs and looked at my best friend, who was staring intently at his computer screen while typing away at his keyboard. \"Dude, you're gonna get caught and get killed . Then I'm going to get killed because I let you do this! AH! We're all gonna die!\" I exclaimed at my best friend Thomas 'Tom' or 'Tommy' Pearson as I sat on his bed in his room. Before I had been attempting to read Shutter Island, but the nervous thought of getting caught by Mr. and/or Mrs. Pearson kept pulling my concentration away so I just gave up and started pondering how he hacked into the school network anyway... He didn't pass many of his classes so he was trying to change his grades before his parents saw them. \"Shut up. I'm working here and your yammering isn't helping!\" He hissed, not bothering taking his eyes off the computer screen. I glared at him, but the noise of his window inching open caught my attention. \"Err, Tom.\" I squeaked, suddenly kind of scared. \"Shh.\" He said. Damn, he was being a jerk! \"Bu-\" I began again, but he shut me up by glaring at me, I glared back, got up, grasped his head in my hands and forced his head to turn to the window which had begun moving again. \"What the?\" he started to say but then the window shot up and a head of light brown hair popped in, scaring me to death, but I managed to keep from screaming. I grasped my stomach and reached for my inhaler again. \"Say a word and you 2 are dead!\" Bethany 'Beth' Pearson warned climbing in all the way, I just took more puffs from my inhaler as Tom stared at her with a mixture of shock and awe. \"Are you outta your mind?\" He exclaimed. \"If Dad catches you, you're gonna die!\" She scoffed and gave us a confident smirk. \"Oh get over it, he'll never catch me.\" And with that, she turned to the other window and waved to her boyfriend, Ricky, blowing him a kiss. He gave one last wave and yelled: \"Goodnight babe!\" Before driving away, music blaring loudly and obnoxiously. Both Tom and I hated him. But just my luck, Ricky's my older cousin. That's how he met Beth in the first place. I looked up at Beth, \"What do you see in him anyway?\" I asked her. She looked down at me. \"You mean other then the fact that he's hot, sweet, romantic, funny, and not to mention, ridiculously athletic?\" She replied as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. \"Ew Beth, just ew.\" I shuddered, turning around and walking back on the bed. Suddenly Hannah burst through the door. \"Daddy's coming and he's mad! \" she said. \"At who?\" We asked in unison. \"Tom!\" she said at the same time Mr. P yelled it. \"Busted!\" I muttered, Bethany pulled me and Hannah behind the now open door. Mr. P burst in and looked at Tom, his face contorted with fury. \"What?\" Tom asked his Dad looking as innocent as possible. The look vanished as soon as he saw his Dad wasn't buying it. \"If you are smart enough to hack into the school computers, then you are smart enough to pass math,\" Mr. P started his rant, \"Do you think that Bethany got accepted into Michigan by screwing around all the time?\" He continued, glaring at his only son. \"No,\" Tom sighed, rolling his eyes \"She got in 'cause she is perfect .\" Extra emphasis on perfect. \"No, your sister worked her tail off and that is exactly what I expect from you.\" Mr. P countered, I was about to go up and defend Tom, before I could do anything though, Beth put her hand on my mouth keeping me from saying anything and blowing our cover. Speaking of which, I didn't understand my hiding, A) I was supposed to be there, and B) She was sneaking around. Oh yes, makes perfect sense. \"You know what Dad. You're right.\" Tom said, \"I don't deserve a family vacation. I'll just stay here with Rory and learn my lesson-.\" Mr. Pearson cut him off while holding up \"Oh no, kid, I'm not falling for that kiddo.\" Mr. P said shaking his head, \"What's going on with you? The bad attitude.. The grades?\" Tom shrugged and glanced at me. \"Nothing.\" Tom muttered. I knew why Tom started all this, he was always made fun of for being smart. God, people could be so mean… I told Tom letting his grades drop was a dumb idea and that he should just ignore everything everyone said. But he ignored me. Mr. Pearson looked around the room, \"You know what, I blame all this,\" He started again, gesturing to the computers. \"For coming between this , right here..\" He continued, pointing between himself and Tom. He walked over and grabbed the electoral wire. Tom flinched as he yanked the cords from the wall. \"Some good old fashion, no tech, family togetherness is exactly what we need.\" He said, began to walk out, but turned to us. \"Busted… Again!\" I said, though it came out muffled from Beth's hand. He pointed a finger at the three of us. \"You guys too. Get some sleep, we hit the road at sunup.\" And with that he left the room. Bethany pushed me away from her roughly. I glared at her. \"Again, if either of you say anything ! You're dead!\" She said before flouncing out of the room followed by Hannah. I raised a hand as if it were a claw and made a hissing noise, Tom laughed at me. I shut the door and we started packing for the rest of the summer. 5:30 AM the next morning. Tom and I found ourselves standing at the very back of the family's SUV, loading our suitcases into it after checking, re-checking, and re-re-checking we had everything we needed. I shut the door and looked at Tom, getting ready to say the most important words a teenager must say to enjoy a long car ride such as the one we were about to go on. \"WINDOW SEAT!\" We shouted at the same time, racing for the car door, I had a lead but he grabbed me by the waist, lifted me up, and placed me behind him. I pushed him out of the way and we both grabbed the handle at the same time, pushing and shoving each other like crazy. \"Move!\" We yelled. I snapped my head at him and we let go of the handle and started a glare-off. \"No way!\" We said again. \"Stop that!\" We shouted again, I slapped him and he slapped me. \"My car!\" he said \"I'm the guest!\" I reminded him, crossing my arms. \"No you're not!\" He said, I went to protest but I was cut off. \"Guys! Stop fighting.\" Mr. P said walking up to us, he placed a hand on each of our shoulders. Uh oh…. I don't see this ending well… \"We've arranged everything.\" He continued, next thing ya know, I found myself squished between Beth and Tom. \"This is really uncomfortable. Just saying.\" Tom stated. We had been in the car for about 5 hours. And I was going to die. \"Not to mention, I'm way to fat to be sitting this close to anyone.\" I added. \"Rory! No you are not!\" Tom and Mrs. P shouted at the same time. I jumped a little bit and looked back and forth between them. \"She may not be fat, but she sure isn't helping the situation!\" Beth chimed in, taking a break from texting Ricky. \"Hey, no one asked you.\" Tom snapped glaring at his sister, she glared back until she got a text from Ricky. He was holding a bouquet of purple flowers while he had the most retarded look on his face. I snorted in laughter, Beth shot me a glare. Tom looked at us and reached for the phone and took it, getting a better look at the pic. \"Wow, your boy toy's an idiot.\" He laughed, I chuckled. \"He's not a boy toy! We're in a mature and loving relationship!\" Beth snapped, snatching the phone from his hand. \"Psh, yeah right.\" I scoffed. I knew my cousin, he used the same game on every single girl he dated. He was only after one thing. It made me sick. \"Why don't you two call me in a couple years when you have an idea of what dating is really about.\" She snapped. \"I've dated before!\" I exclaimed. She should know, I've gone to her with all my relationship problems before. \"Okay, you have some input. But not too much. Tom, you have nothing to say..\" She said. I grinned and Tom glared. Beth, though she can get on my nerves, was like my big sister. We had that whole love-hate sisterly relationship down. I grabbed my Nook and began reading The Devouring, and listened to my iPod to drown out the boringness of the radio station that was playing. Eventually, we made it to the lake house. It was big, and nice looking to be honest. \"Well, I'm off to the pool!\" Beth exclaimed, walking away from the car, a tote slung over her shoulder. \"We beat Uncle Nate! Oh yeah!\" Hannah shouted happily. She went and began playing in the lawn with some Barbie's. Mr. and Mrs. Pearson went ahead and began unloading the back of the car while Tom and I began attempting to get out of the car, but the seat belt we shared was stuck. \"Ouch, move your fat head!\" He grunted, using his elbow to push my head off to the side. \"My head is not fat!\" I snapped, hitting his arm the best I could. \"Get out of the way!\" He exclaimed, clearly annoyed. \"GET THE JAWS OF LIFE!\" I shouted, leaning on my arms to get as close to the open door as possible. I heard Mr. and Mrs. Pearson laugh. Then all of a sudden, I was free. I lost my balance and fell forward, doing a front flip type thing and landing on my back. \"Oh! God! Rory are you okay?\" Mrs. Pearson exclaimed frantically, rushing over. I heard Tom laughing behind me. \"Urgh! Ouch! But yeah, I'm fine.\" I groaned. She helped me stand and examined me. I scraped up my arm and scratched my head. Stupid rocks. \"Go inside and get cleaned up, I'll get the first aid kit.\" She said, I nodded and began walking, only to narrowly avoid the large, black SUV that came swerving recklessly into the driveway. \"Nice landing Nate!\" Jacob 'Jake' Pearson exclaimed, stepping out of the passenger side of the car. I spun around and glared at Tom, who had since gotten out of the car and stood a little bit behind me. He was giving me the most innocent face, but it was wiped off as soon as he saw my death glare. Oh, if looks could kill. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" I asked , hitting his arm repeatedly. He backed away from me and rubbed the spot where I had hit him. \"Sorry Rory! I swear I told you... While you had your iPod in... When you weren't in the room… During school…. I gotta go!\" He said before bolting off. \"Oh, yeah! You better run!\" I yelled after him before turning back to the 3 other Pearson's. Nana was getting out of the car followed by Art and Lee. \"Told ya I could fishtail it!\" Nathan 'Nate' Pearson was saying, I groaned and went to get my bags. \"Idiots..\" I muttered. I grabbed the matching black and white zebra print duffle and suitcase \"Well too bad Nate, you missed Rory by this much.\" Mr. P said holding his thumb and forefinger close together. I sighed and looked at Jacob. He had grown since the last time I saw him, he got a little thinner and built some muscle and got a tan. He was almost.. hot... Wait! What! NO! He's my enemy. HE IS NOT HOT! I shook my head clear of the thoughts. 'Yes he is!' a voice sing songed in my head 'Who the mofo are you?' I asked back 'Your conscience!' It replied 'No way! I'm going insane!' I thought 'No you're not. And you like Jake, well not even like.. MORE LIKE LOVE!' It replied 'SHUT UP!' I said, I hauled my duffel bag and suit case out of the car and stormed after Tom. I walked up the 2 flights of stairs and into the room and set my stuff on one of the 3 beds then walked to the bathroom. I cleaned myself up a bit then walked into the room. \"I can't believe you didn't tell me!\" I groaned, laying on the bed with a wet wash cloth wiping off my still bleeding forehead. \"I really am sorry Rory. About both situations.\" He said, giving me a puppy dog look. This definitely wasn't the best way to begin my summer. \"Well at least I don't have to share a room with him...And that's not fair, only I can pull off that face..\" I said. I got up as Mrs. Pearson entered the room with the large first aid kit, she patched up my head and arm and left. Tom chose after she left to continue. \"Heh heh about that...\" He muttered rubbing the back of his neck, my head snapped up to look at him. That was something he only did when he was nervous about upsetting me, as if on queue Jake came sauntering in. \"Twins. Set my stuff on the bed.\" He instructed Lee and Art. \"Oh no, no way. Nuh uh, not happening! I'd rather share a room with my cousin!\" I yelled. Jake looked at me \"Oh, Rory! It's you! Nice Band-Aids.\" He said, pointing at me. \"Shut up...\" I grimaced, glaring at my comforter. \"How ya been?\" He asked. \"I'd be just fine if I didn't have to share a room with you.\" I said, he just smiled and winked. I glared at him as he and Tom began talking. I began unpacking. \"Rory! Tom! Come help us unload!\" Mr. P yelled, we sighed and walked out. Jake laughed, Tom and I ignored him and walked down the stairs and outside to see another person I really didn't want to see. Ricky. Doctor Love boomed from his speakers. \"Why is God hating on me? Really? What did I do?\" I asked Tom, he chuckled as Ricky pulled up. \"What are you doing here?\" Tom asked Ricky, a look of pure disgust on his face. \"Just here for the afternoon, or maybe the night. Sup cuz?\" He replied, directing the last part at me, I stuck my tongue out at him. He came bounding out of the car and to the front of it, he opened the hood of his car, pulled out a starter plug, and smirked at us \"What was that?\" I asked, trying to lean over to look at it \"What was what?\" he asked, sticking it in his pocket I went to ask again, but Beth came up squealing his name happily. \"Again, ew.\" I said before rolling my eyes and waiting for Tom, he rolled his eyes grabbed my wrist and pulled me away. \"This is only the beginning of hell.\" I sighed, he laughed and kissed the top of my head lightly before jogging inside. Chapter one, done! Pics of the characters will be posted soon. Tell me what you think! No flames plz. Much Love, Rhey[Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Aliens Invading! I followed after him and walked into the kitchen for a snack and something to drink. Tom and Jake were in there too, with Mr. and Mrs. Pearson. Beth and Ricky came in after me. Wow, party in the kitchen. Ricky handed them some flowers, I scoffed quietly and rolled my eyes as Beth squealed about how sweet he was. I popped open a Pepsi and joined Tom's side, perching on the counter. \"Well, I've gotta get going. My parents have a house Oaks Town and I need to get there before dark in case my car breaks down again.\" Ricky sighed. My Aunt and Uncle didn't have property up here…. They had some everywhere else… But not here… At least not that I can remember. But I'm pretty positive they didn't have a house here... That dirty liar. \"Your car acting up?\" Mr. P asked, clearly buying my cousin's horrible acting skills, Ricky nodded. \"Yeah Dad. Why don't you go check it out?\" Tom asked. Oh, he's got a plan. I like plans, plans are good. Especially evil ones… Oh… The irony of good evil plans… Haha. \"Yeah, I mean it can't be too bad.\" I added, quickly catching onto his idea. Ricky shot us glare. I smiled cheekily at him. \"Well let's go check it out.\" Mr. P said. Ah! There may just be a God! I fell into line behind Tom and in front of Jake as we followed everyone outside. Mrs. P stayed in the kitchen, Nate and Nana sat in the living room watching some game show. I don't know where Hannah and the twins were. We got outside and Mr. P popped open the hood of the car, while Ricky sat in the drivers seat. After 5 minutes of starting the car then stopping it over and over again, I got annoyed. \"It's gotta be something obvious Mr. P.\" I piped up, glaring at my cousin, he glared back \"Well Ricky, I'm no mechanic. If this were a spread sheet or a ledger I'd be all over it, but I can't find the problem. So how bout you stay here tonight and in the morning we'll take your car into the shop.\" Mr. P declared finally, ignoring my statement completely. \"Really? Thanks Mr. P!\" Ricky said. He turned to Tom and I and started doing some full body dance type thing with that stupid grin of his. Jake, Tom, and I rolled our eyes. \"Really? He can stay?\" Beth exclaimed excitedly. \"Yes… In the den and just for the night.\" Mr. P said, she squealed and hugged him. He nodded and pulled out of her grasp and walked inside. Tom, Jake and I followed him and walked up the stairs. \"What a gaspipe!\" Jake said as we walked into our room. \"I know! Why can't they see that?\" Tom exclaimed. I crossed the room, and sat on my bed Indian-style. \"Dude parents brains are wired differently. They're old, mushy… Fried from too much bad 80's music!\" Jake declared. \"That's why it's up to you Thomas… You must defend your family's honor. Like a man.\" He continued, setting a huge metal case down at the foot of the bed. Curiosity got the best of me and I walked over to see what it was. Maybe a weapon of mass destruction. That's usually what big metal cases contain… In movies at least. \"What?\" Tom asked. Jake didn't respond, he just opened the case to reveal the most amazing paintball gun I had ever seen in my life. \"Now this is The Punisher .\" He continued dramatically, Tom picked it up and the sound of laughter caught our attention, we spun to face the window to see Beth and Ricky acting all couple-ish. Actually, Beth was giggling and Ricky was trying to dance and failing epically. \"Your dad bought you this?\" I asked in awe and slight envy. \"Perks of divorce. Never underestimate the power of a grown man's guilt, my friend. If we even mention mom, Nate drives us straight to the mall!\" He said proudly. Jake looked out the window and smirked slightly. \"Look at that guy.\" He said, pointing to the older couple. \"Oh gross.\" I muttered, looking away. \"Do you really want that as you brother in law?\" Jake asked. \"NO!\" Tom shouted instantly. \"Then let's go prune the family tree!\" Jake laughed, he walked away and returned in a...gully suit? Wtf? Who carries those? I mean really? I sighed and went to change from my sweats and tank top to something for the poolside. I dress in my black bikini and a pair of short shorts. I walked out to get a shirt and saw the boys still in the room. \"Looking good!\" Jake laughed, I felt my face heat up, as I searched through my bag. Was I blushing ? Because of Jacob Pearson ? Wtf is going on in the world? I thought frantically. I grabbed a tank top and put it on. Then I noticed the eye black on Jake's bed. I reached over and took it and went to the bathroom and put some on. After I was done, we walked outside and found the perfect spot. We set up the gun and hid. Tom's breathing had quickened to the point I thought he was going to pass out or something \"I'm starting to think that shooting my sister's boyfriend isn't such a good idea..\" He muttered. Jake and I popped our heads up and looked at him. \"Don't worry Tommy.\" I sighed. I honestly couldn't wait to see my cousin shot up with paintballs. It was going to be amazing. I brought my video camera. \"Yeah, c'mon. It's time. You have to do this, it's too late to turn back now.\" Jake said \"Yep, he's right, we've come too far for you to run away….Holy shnap. Why did I just say that?\" I exclaimed, mentally slapping myself for agreeing with my enemy. Jake smirked at me. \"Ugh. Why am I even listening to you 2, you're dressed like a shrub and you have a severe dislike for him!\" He exclaimed, looking at each of us in turn. We shrugged and pointed back at the couple, I started to record. He watched silently as Ricky took off his shirt in front of a practically drooling Beth, he sat down and she began rubbing lotion on his back. \"C'mon Tom! He's going for it!\" Jake exclaimed. \"Yeah! Take him out before he reaches 2nd base!\" I exclaimed in agreement, I seriously had to stop doing that. When Tom didn't start shooting, Jake got aggravated and clamped his hand onto the trigger and began shooting. Ricky took one to the shoulder, 3 to the abdomen and like 4 where the sun don't shine. Both he and Beth screamed loudly, Ricky doubled over in pain. And then Beth noticed us. \"We've given away our position!\" I whispered frantically. I shut off my camera. \"Chill! Just hunker down and blend.\" Jake whispered, I did just that. Beth stormed closer and Tom started yelling: \"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!\" Over and over again. \"You shot my boyfriend! Sorry can't even touch that! God Tom, when are you gonna grow up?\" She exclaimed, I heard her grab the paintball gun and storm away. \"And that's why we wear camo!\" Jake said, causing me to bust out laughing \"Shut up you 2!\" Tom muttered annoyed getting up off the ground and walking into the house, Jake and I followed after him. A few minutes later, we were in the dining room being scolded by Mr. P. \"You 3 are just lucky Ricky wasn't seriously injured! I mean seriously Aurora, he's your cousin!\" Mr. P exclaimed at us, Tom just scoffed and rolled his eyes \"He should've been seriously injured. May knock some sense of human emotion into him.\" I muttered too low for anyone but me, Jake, and Tom to hear, Jake held in a laugh and Tom smiled. \"Look! We came up here to fish, not to hunt your sister's boyfriend or in you're case cousin. Now, we're going fishing tomorrow. 7 O'clock sharp. Got it?\" Mr. P asked, glaring down at all of us. \"Seriously!\" I yelled. Two mornings in a row getting up early for summer break? I don't freaking think so! \"You gotta be kidding me!\" Tom agreed, \"Doesn't work for me either! NATE!\" Jake exclaimed, \"C'mon Stu. How bout this? 10 o'clock, on the dock. End of story!\" Nate exclaimed \"Nice job cracking the whip Nate.\" Mr. P muttered at his brother. Suddenly a loud crack of thunder sounded and I spazzed out. The TV bugged out and got all static-y. Nana promptly began beating with her cane. \"Stu! Stu! The TV has gone haywire!\" She shouted. \"Stu! The TV's gone haywire!\" Nate yelled, Mr. P walked over and pried his mother from beating up the TV anymore. \"It's just the dish! I'll go up on the roof and fix it after the storm.\" Mr. P said, all of a sudden Ricky popped up next to me, I jumped yet again, I could have sworn he was in the kitchen.. \"No Mr. P. I'll fix it!\" He exclaimed, I gave him a skeptical look, I didn't trust my cousin one bit. \"Ricky, you're hurt!\" Beth protested. \"No, go ahead Richard!\" Nana exclaimed, \"Yeah, it's okay. But, I could use a helper. Tom, would you mind?\" He asked smacking Tom on the shoulder, Tom glared at him, Mr. P didn't protest to this. The 2 boys disappeared, as I stood up to leave, someone yanked me by the arm \"AHH!\" I yelled, I spun to see Jake, I glared and turned back around \"Shh. C'mon Rory! Let's go scare them!\" He whispered in my ear, I felt his breath on my neck and I shuddered involuntarily. I shrugged and he lead me up the stairs. We crawled through the window and scaled the house, despite my fear of heights. \"I've got ya.\" Jake said, I nodded shakily and continued, we made it up there and hid behind some plant thing. Tom suddenly flew out of the window. He walked to the opposite side of the deck and I made a noise, and Tom started to inch towards us, as soon as he was close enough we jumped out at him. \"AH!\" He yelled, Jake and I laughed and high fived. \"Oh man! You're too easy!\" Jake exclaimed through his laughter. I nodded in agreement. Tom glared at us and we all looked around, I noticed the dish in the corner all busted up and broken, \"Dude. What the hell happened to the dish?\" I asked \"I can't do a whole summer here without TV!\" Jake exclaimed \"I can't do a whole summer here period.\" Tom agreed. We all sighed when another noise caught our attention. We spun around to see a little knee high type thing jump from behind the bushes. \"AHHHH!\" I yelled grabbing onto Jake as he grabbed onto me. We both realized what happened and we instantly jumped apart. \"Hello hu-mans.\" It stuttered out. It had 4 arms and a tool belt. \" Please tell me you see that too.\" I muttered to them over my shoulder, not taking my eyes off the creature in front of me. \"Not sure I want to.\" Tom said, the little thing smiled up at us. He was cute and innocent looking, and for a second I wanted to reach down and hug him. \"We come from upstairs.\" It started again, but another, a lot fatter and uglier came out and pushed him away. \"Whoa, whoa, whoa! I handle human contact!\" He scolded him, then turned to us. He whipped out a book and looked at us. He pulled out a dictionary looking thing. \"Hello humans! No need to notification army! We come in pieces\" He said, holding up his hand in a peace sign type of way, I arched an eyebrow at him and inched away, which was unfortunately into Jake's arms. He kept one arm protectively around my shoulders. \"It's peace …\" The original one hissed at him, looking slightly embarrassed. \"Argh! Forget it! ATTACK THE HUMANS!\" The second one shouted throwing down the dictionary and pointing at us angrily. One, a girl, came out hissing: \"With pleasure.\" Another voice sounded from above, we looked up and one pointed a gun at us \"HOLY SHIT!\" I screamed loudly, we all backed away and Ricky came climbing out of the window. \"What is going on out here?\" He asked, walking towards us. \"No! No! Don't!\" We all protested, attempting to stop him but it was too late. The last alien with the gun shot at him and got him straight in the neck. He spazzed and fell onto the floor. I held in a giggle. \"Ricky!\" Tom exclaimed \"What's happening to him?\" Jake asked as my cousin twitched, the second alien walked up and put in an ear piece. \"Now the fun begins.\" He murmured with a grin, we all backed away closer to the edge. The little alien started turning a knob on a control while Ricky twitched on the ground. All of a sudden, Ricky stood up straight and looked at us. \"Attention humanoid subjects…. We are the Zerkonian species, and we are here to claim your planet as our own!\" My cousin spoke, but he definitely wasn't Ricky. We all looked at the alien, horrified. We continued walking backwards until we hit the edge and then started to climb over \"You have the choice of eternal enslavement…\" Controlled Ricky started. Then I felt my self being yanked backwards. \"Or instantaneous death.\" He finished, lifting the three of us up and setting us down. We all looked at each other. \"Run?\" I asked them. \"We're good with run.\" They agreed. We all kicked Ricky and ran for the window. \"You have chosen: Instantaneous death!\" The Ricky/Alien said. I reached the window first and tried opening it. Locked. I kept struggling with it, but it wouldn't budge. \"Oh move!\" The two boys groaned, and shoved me out of the way. They started attempting to get it open but it didn't work for them either. \"They're getting away!\" The second one yelled. \"Not from me!\" Another said. He began shooting at us. \"AHHHH!\" I screamed, covering my head. Jake grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the way. We ran to the edge of the roof, behind a vine thing as Ricky began chasing after us. \"We're trapped!\" Tom exclaimed. \"We're DEAD!\" I exclaimed. \"DUCK!\" Jake yelled, since he hadn't let go of my arm he pulled me out of the way. Ricky crashed through the vine thing and straight over the edge. \"HAHA! YES! I'VE ALWAYS WANTED THAT TO HAPPEN!\" I exclaimed jumping up from my position next to Jake. The remains of the plant thing crashed, the alien with it. \"UNBELIEVABLE!\" The fat one cried. Jake ran to the window and Tom followed. They left me behind...Those bastards! \"RAZOR! ATTACK THE FEMALE!\" The leader yelled. \"My pleasure!\" She screeched and jumped at me. I grabbed a crate thing and blocked her attack. \"Oh Hannah! Thank God!\" I heard Jake exclaim \"No! No! COME BACK!\" Tom yelled. The alien took used my distraction and swiped my face. It scraped down my cheek and neck. \"SHIT!\" I screamed, pain coarsing through me. The two looked back and their eyes grew wide. Jake ran over and smacked the alien away then shoved me to the window. I saw Art and Lee, who's eyes grew wide at the sight of me. \"OPEN THE GODDAMN WINDOW!\" I exclaimed. The two began nudging each other, finally Lee(I think...) walked and opened it. I was holding my neck to stop the bleeding and we jumped into the window. \"Everybody downstairs NOW!\" Tom demanded. \"Why!\" Art asked. \"What happened to your neck Rory?\" Lee asked. \"Time for questions later! JUST MOVE!\" I exclaimed. Just then, the window shattered, we all spun to see the aliens. Good God... \"Creepy crawley...\" Hannah shuddered. They stalked towards us. \"Creepy.\" The tallest one said. We rushed the younger kids before us and ran after them. All of a sudden I felt pain in my neck, I fell down the stairs and landed on my side/ stomach. I felt like I was being shocked, Tom landed on my left side, Jake on my right both twitching like me. Lee shut the attic door, and the twitching stopped. We all sat up and looked at each other, the same look on each of our faces. \"Are you a zombie?\" I asked them. \"No.\" They answered. \"You?\" Tom asked. \"No.\" I replied. \"Prove it.\" Jake hissed. Tom and I gave him a weirded out look. Was he serious right now? \"Huh?\" I asked. \"I mean prove it!\" He exclaimed, rolling over and pinning me beneath him. \"Y-y-you wet the b-b-bed until you w-w-were 10! A-a z-zombie wouldn't know th-th-that!\" I exclaimed, using one of the many blackmail files I had against him, but also my stutter came out. His eyes grew wide and he released me. I laughed silently. The door to the attic started to open. The boys shot up and began trying to close it. I was a little too short to help with that, so I went to help Lee tie the rope. Chapter 2,,, Finisheddd.. Sorry it took so long, I hurt my wrist and I typed about half of this one handed. I feel awesome! Reviews are love ppl!. I do NOT own Aliens in the Attic. I own Rory though. Next chapter to come. Much Love,, Rhey .[Chapter 3] Chapter three: Not worried. \"TIE IT!\" Tom yelled angrily, pushing up on the attic door with Jake. These damn aliens wouldn't give up. \"WE'RE TRYING! WE'RE TRYING!\" Lee and I shouted. Art was pushing from the side when all of a sudden Razor's hand shot out and slashed him. He jerked away. \"AHH! She slashed me with her demon claw!\" He cried out. \"You'll live!\" I yelled back. With on final push and my amazing strength, just kidding, we secured the aliens in the attic. The females nails got caught and we snapped them off. Ha. Revenge! \"We broke off her nails!\" Lee cried. \"We have to call the police!\" Tom exclaimed, starting to run towards the door. Jake grabbed the back of his shirt and yanked him backwards. \"We need to fix Rory's neck!\" He corrected, pointing at me. I was surprised he cared. Tom looked at me for the first time since I was scratched and his eyes grew wide. I guess I was a sight. Blood pouring from my neck I looked like something straight out of a horror movie… He grabbed my wrist and dragged me downstairs to the bedroom \"Guys, call the police. Jake, get me a washcloth and a wet towel!\" Tom instructed the twins, then turning to Jake. They nodded and did what they were supposed to, I grabbed my cell phone to help. Nothing. What the hell? \"I got nothing.\" I said, looking at the handheld device. \"No signal here either.\" Jake added, walking back in with his phone in one hand and a washcloth and towel in the other. Tom looked at him and grabbed the cloths from him. \"Ours are dead too.\" The twins claimed, looking at their phone. Tom sighed and turned back to me. He began to clean the wound with the towel. Jake walked over and looked me over. \"Take off your shirt…\" He instructed. My jaw dropped as I stared at him. Tom gave him a knowing look.. What does he know? \"So we can clean the wound!\" Jake clarified, sending a look to Tom I didn't quite understand. Shrugging it off, I gently peeled off the bloody shirt, I placed it on the floor away from the carpet in order to clean it later. My shoulder was covered in blood. I looked like something straight out of a horror movie. Great. \"They're not deep enough to need stitches… But you will have scars… 3, from here to here.\" Jake said, poking my jaw line then the middle of my neck. I flinched. \"Let's disinfect it.\" Tom said. Oh hell no! \"Oh hell no!\" I exclaimed. \"Rory. We need to. You don't want it to get infected… Who knows what that could have done to you.\" Jake explained, staring me directly in the eyes. I sighed. He was right... God I hate that fact... And since when did he care? \"Fine…\" I muttered. After we got it disinfected and patched up, I went to change. I changed into a gray tight shirt and another pair of shorts. I walked back in and stood next to Jake. \"Now let's call the police.\" Tom said. \"How? Our cells are dead.\" I asked. \"Guys! This works!\" Hannah exclaimed, we looked to see her standing next to the desk, where a rotary phone sat over. Lee launched over to her and started to hit it. \"There's no buttons! How are we going to use this?\" He asked frantically, poking the phone's numbers. \"It's a rotary phone. You spin it.\" Tom explained, yanking the phone from Art's hand and spinning the dial. We held our breath as we waited for the phone to spin back to one. After a few minutes, someone picked up on the other end. \"There's an alien invasion at our rental house. Knee high beings, very violent!\" He yelled. Yeah… That sounded normal… \"No! They're real! Look, I know this sounds crazy, but you have to believe me!\" He continued. \"Hello? Hello?\" He asked. Huh? He looked at us. \"What happened?\" I asked. He looked at us all. \"We gotta tell our parents.\" Tom decided finally. We all went to walk out but a thump on the window made us all spin around. I was closest to Jake so I shoved him towards it. He gave me a look and turned back to the window. He inched forward and we all followed. He finally reached the window and slowly opened the drapes. The sight that greeted us made me jump and Hannah shriek. Right outside the window, Ricky was hanging upside down with a goofy look on his face. Damn…I hoped he had fallen all the way to the ground… \"Think he's still an alien zombie?\" Tom asked. Jake looked back at us, then down at Hannah. She handed him her wand and he cautiously reached out and poked Ricky in the shoulder, all of a sudden he jerked to life and began speaking , \"You are useless! Why aren't the mind control plugs working? You're the engineer! Figure it out! Hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up! Fix it! Fix it you idiot!\" He exclaimed. Wtf? \"He's not talking to us right?\" Jake asked \"No. I think he's picking up their conversation. Like a Bluetooth.\" Tom said. Well he was just full of answers today! We turned back to Ricky. \"Are you telling me that the plugs only work on mature subjects?\" He exclaimed. \"Why didn't we prepare for this! You have failed me! You incompetent piece of -translation not available-\" He yelled. This made me giggle for some reason. Ricky's body began twitching so bad he snapped the rope he was hanging by and fell the rest of the way to the ground below. He landed with a sickening crunching sound. I laughed again. I got my wish after all. \"Did you hear that?\" Tom asked. \"Yeah! Sounds like Ricky landed on his face.\" Art laughed. I laughed along with him. \"No! Those things they shot us. They're mind control plugs. They won't work on kids. It's like you said, we're wired differently.\" He said pointing at Jake. Wow… Jake was right again... There's something seriously wrong with this world... Maybe that fall knocked me out and I'm dreaming. I should pinch myself. Ouch! Nope.. Not dreaming. \"What about Ricky? They tagged him and he's Bethany's age.\" Jake asked. \"No! He lied. The tools in college!\" Tom exclaimed. Oh shit! He didn't know? \"Their plugs don't work on kids.\" Art started \"That means we're safe.\" I added. \"That means we can fight.\" Jake agreed \"That means they're going to go after our parents…\" Tom said. \"They're walking targets.\" He finished. I exchanged a look with Jake. \"We've gotta tell 'em! NOW!\" Lee exclaimed, starting for the door. Tom reached out and stopped him. \"Whoa, whoa wait. Think about it. If our parents even go near those things they'll be zapped and end up zombies. Our own parents will attack us…\" Tom said. \"We need the police! And their hardcore fire power.\" Jake decided, also beginning to walk out. Tom stopped him too. \"Great. Armed zombies.\" He said sarcastically. \"That's it. We're done.\" I said. \"Game over.\" Lee agreed. \"Game over for the grown ups.\" Jake corrected. \"But we can still fight back!\" He said. He has definitely lost it if he thinks this is possible. \"You expect us to stop an alien invasion? On our own?\" Art asked. Jake nodded. \"He's right. We're the only option.\" Tom agreed. Oh great. He's lost it too! \"But we can't tell anyone. No police.\" He started, pointing at Jake and I. \"No parents.\" He pointed at Lee, \"No exceptions.\" He pointed to Art. \"Got it?\" He asked, turning to Hannah. Wait? Where'd she go? She was just right there… Oh no… \"Where'd she go?\" I asked. \"Hannah!\" Art exclaimed. We all ran from the room and down the stairs and into the kitchen. She stood there, explaining to the parents, in great detail, about the whole alien situation. \"Well let's hope not for your sake. We put a huge deposit on this house. You kids better not mess it up.\" Mrs. P said, sending us 3 older kids a pointed look. \"You heard her Tom. No more trouble.\" Mr. P added. Wow… Harsh much? \"It was just a video game! We shouldn't of let her watch… It's rated T for teens.\" Tom lied easily, placing a hand over Hannah's mouth. We all began to walk out of the room. \"Yeah… Teen violence… Really bad stuff there…\" I murmured in agreement with Lee, Jake, and Art. \"Rory! What happened to your neck?\" Mrs. Pearson exclaimed. Shit! Why can't they be oblivious like my parents? \"Oh! Well I was outside with Jake, and a few branches from a tree scratched me… Nothing big… I'm fine. Gotta go!\" I said, bolting from the kitchen before they could reply. The others had just walked into the room when I caught up with them. \"Tommy! I'm scared… I don't like the mean aliens.\" Hannah whimpered. Tom turned towards her and knelt down to look her in the eyes. \"Don't worry Han… Just pretend it's a big game… A game that we're gonna win.. Just think about how little they are.\" He assured her. We all looked at him. \"Yeah. Little and deadly.\" Art scoffed. I slapped him upside the head. That was uncalled for! He glared at me, I glared back. There was absolutely no need to scare Hannah anymore. \"What do we do now?\" I asked Jake. He was the war expert after all. \"We figure out their weakness.\" He said. \"They flew here from another galaxy… You really think they have a weakness?\" Lee asked \"First rule of the warrior code: All enemies have a weakness.\" He said. Oh great… He's scheming… I can tell by the look on his face… \"How can we find out their weakness? It's not like we have spy gear.\" I said. He looked at me and nodded out the door. \"How did we get up on the roof?\" He asked. \"We scaled the house.\" I replied. He looked at me knowingly. Within minutes, we were outside and he stood at the base of the plant thing we had used earlier. He turned to us. \"All right. Recons my specialty.. I'm going up.\" He said. He began his climb and I watched in anticipation, worried he might fall… Why I'm worried about my enemies wellbeing is beyond me…. But I was… \"You look scared.\" Tom stated, I looked at him, \"Well I a-a-am… I mean aliens… They're s-s-sketchy b-b-business…\" I replied nervously, not looking at him. \"No.. I think you're scared for Jake.\" He said. \"W-w-w-what m-makes you th-th-think th-that?\" I asked. Damn stutter. It happens when I'm nervous or scared… In this case.. I was both! \"You don't hate him.\" He stated. I looked at him. \"Do you forget he pushed me down a well when we were 7? Almost got me ran over when we were 8? Oh! And oh so kindly stuck gum in my hair when we were 9!\" I exclaimed. \"All accidents.\" He said. \"Whatever… It took 9 months for my hair to grow back…\" I snapped, touching my scalp. He chuckled and we stared up at Jake. He had made it to the window by now and was looking in. Tom went and joined him. Great! Now I'm even more worried. The waiting is what killed me… They were talking now.. Uh oh.. Jake lost his grip. He was hanging by one arm from the plant. \"JAKE!\" I squeaked earning looks from the twins and Hannah. I turned to them. \"I'm not worried…\" I said. \"Yeah right.\" Lee scoffed. \"TOM! HELP ME!\" He yelled. Tom ignored him, he grabbed at Tom's shirt. But this caused the thing to break and the two came falling to the ground. \"Ouch.. That had to hurt.\" I shuddered. Jake glared at Tom and rubbed his shoulder. Chapter 3. Donee. (: Tell me what you think. (: I typed this with a broken wrist! Heck yes! Anyway, next chapter will be up soon, pics of Rory are up. Much Love. Rhey(:[Chapter 4] Chapter four: Let him suffer. \"The basement… There's something in the basement. We have to get there before they do!\" Tom exclaimed as we walked back to the front of the house. \"Ricky? Ricky?\" Beth called. Oh no… She spotted us. \"Oh guys. There you are. Have you guys seen Ricky?\" She asked us. We exchanged looks, Jake looked over at the bushes where my cousin was lying motionless on his back. \"Umm, I'm pretty sure he's still hanging around here somewhere.\" Jake said. Beth looked around again. \"He didn't leave did he?\" She asked. Tom stopped his sister just seconds before she could spot Ricky. \"No, no he didn't… Actually he went down to the lake. Yeah, he said something about wanting to bronze up his rock hard abs…\" Tom said. Jake and I exchanged a weird look which we then transferred to Tom. That was kinda scary… Not gonna lie… \"Yeah, he wants you to meet him there.\" I added. She looked at me then back at her brother. All of a sudden she smirked. Wtf was she thinking? \"Did he say anything about me while you two were on the roof?\" She asked. Wow… Really? \"No… He talked about his car… Just his car… Yeah, but you should hit the lake. Just so he doesn't think you blew him off.\" Tom replied. Beth looked disheartened at this news. \"Yeah Beth.. Hop along.\" I said. The others chimed in with some form of agreement and we went Beth on her way. She walked off and we ran back into the house. We made it to the basement and stood at the bottom of the stairs. \"Guys. Get searching.\" Tom instructed. We all nodded and dispersed. I walked over to a work bench type thing full of tools and such. I started moving things around to see if it triggered like a secret stair case or room or something… Sadly, nothing did. I turned back to face the others. They were milling about, shuffling things and looking around. \"Wow… Someone needs to do some spring cleaning.\" I said as I watched Lee pick up a sock and sniff it then throw back into a bucket full of them. Lord knows how long that's been there. \"I'm telling you… Their maps led down here.\" Tom said, pacing the room. \"You're positive?\" Jake and I asked. Ah! He's my enemy! Enemies do not say things in unison... It's just not how things worked. \"Shh! Do you hear that? Rice crispies.\" Hannah shushed us all of a sudden. We all froze and went silent… a weird crackling sound filled the air. We looked around trying to find the source of it. I was standing next to Lee, it sounded like it was coming from him… No wait, his pocket. \"Umm… Lee… I think it's you..\" I said. The others looked at him and he pulled out his Nintendo DS. He opened it to reveal the screen doing some Matrix style writing. \"What is that?\" He asked. Tom took it from him and looked at it. \"It's them.\" He breathed. He looked up at us. \"Something down here is setting it off.\" He said. I looked around again. There wasn't anything unusal in the basement... Except the bucket of dirty socks... That's kind of random. Tom felt along the piping on the roof as the others looked around too. \"Well whatever it is… We can't let them get to it!\" Jake exclaimed grabbing an old looking rake. \"Everyone. Gear up. We move on my command.\" He said. I gave him a weird look, now he was the leader? \"Now just hold on. If we run up there with just a bunch of random junk. We're gonna get creamed.\" Tom said. Ah the voice of reason has spoken. \"We can make something better.\" He said, looking at some plastic pipe. \"We're in the middle of a battle. And you wanna play 'Science Fair' ? No way! We're going back in now ! Before our parents end up as alien zombies.\" Jake said. \"You're not thinking. We need a plan. I already have a great idea for a weapon.\" Tom countered. \"Really?\" Jake asked sarcastically. He didn't wait for an answer as he turned to me and the twins. \"Let's go. Now!\" He demanded tossing the rake to Lee. I don't know who he thinks he is, but I sure as hell wasn't going up there, practically defenseless, where those aliens could get me again. \"I'm staying down here. I'll help Tom build his little weapon.\" I said. All heads snapped at me \" No! Go up there and help them… If you can hold them off until I build it, it may help.\" Tom said automatically. I gave him a look and he just shooed me away. Art handed me a baseball bat, Jake grabbed my hand and we ran upstairs. \"Sup Nate?\" Jake asked. \"Hey guys!\" I called. \"Hey Nana!\" The twins yelled. \"Who wants a treat?\" Nana called after us, but we ignored her and bolted up the stairs. We made it to the room and we all stood there. I heard thumping. Oh no. \"They're busting through! Warrior code says strike first.\" Jake told us. He turned to Art. \"Art! Cover me!\" He told his younger brother. \"With the rake?\" Art and I asked, confused. I don't think a rake would do much damage to aliens. The attic opened. It wasn't until he had ran to grab the paintball gun, did I notice he hadn't let go of my hand. He shot it up in the attic as we stood behind him, holding our weapons up defensively. Note to self: Kill Tom for making me come up here with him. \"How do you feel now?\" Jake exclaimed, shooting the gun. \"Suckers!\" He yelled. He stopped shooting \"Mission accomplished.\" He said. A silver bomb thing came rolling out of the attic, we all backed away, Jake landed right on top of me. OUCH! \"Oh-\" Art started. \"Crud.\" Lee finished. It rolled between Jake's legs and we all held our breath. A spike shot up, but nothing else happened, the tension was relieved. \"Whew… It was just a dud.\" Jake laughed. We all sighed, then all the other spikes shot out and I felt myself slowly lifting off the ground. Oh my God! \"What the hell?\" I exclaimed \"Whoa!\" Jake added. \"What's happening?\" He asked. \"They turned off the gravity like in Halo!\" Lee exclaimed. \"This isn't XBOX Lee! It's real! Like Wii!\" Art called to his twin. The aliens crawled out of the attic door. Oh shit… \"What are we gonna do now?\" I asked. The door opened and in walked Tom and Hannah. \"No! Don't!\" We called. Too late, they're floating now. \"Go back before it's too late!\" Art yelled. Oh, like that's gonna do any good… \"Hello hu-mans!\" The female screeched in her annoying voice. \"Enjoying the ride?\" The other asked. I rolled my eyes. They each clicked a button on their boots and floated to the ground. Well talk about an unfair advantage… \"They have gravity boots! Why don't we have gravity boots?\" Lee asked. \"Because this isn't XBOX or Wii!\" I yelled. \"The door!\" Jake yelled. \"Stop 'em!\" I added. \"Use your weapon Tom!\" Jake yelled. \"Bring it meat-sack!\" The male challenged. Meat-sack? Really? Is that the best he could come up with? \"Today dude!\" I yelled. Tom shot the gun and a potato flew out… Wtf! That was the big idea? Tom flew backwards. \"A potato gun? That's your big idea?\" Jake yelled, as if he read my mind. \"My plan is working!\" The male one said. \"My plan!\" The girl hissed, slapping his head. Ha! That seems kinda familiar… They started walking to the door. Tom noticed the fire extinguisher and grabbed it. He pulled off the tab and aimed toward the door. \"Hurry Tommy!\" Hannah cried. Tom pressed the handle and flew forward. He shut the door and locked it, then turned the extinguisher onto the alien scum. \"You okay?\" The guy asked her after the thing ran out. \"Yeah. Just get the door.\" She replied. They pressed the same button and the male began climbing on the wall. \"Jake! Get the grenade!\" Tom yelled. Jake went all ninja and kicked off the ceiling and the wall, and grabbed the grenade. He picked it up and chucked it at Tom. I couldn't help but stare as his shirt lifted up to reveal his abs. He had really nice abs. Tom smacked the grenade and it smashed to pieces. Then I fell and landed on top of Jake. Oh.. Awkward… \"Ouch!\" He grunted. \"Sorry!\" I exclaimed. \"Are you okay?\" I asked, concerned I had hurt him. \"I think I'll live.\" He smirked, eyes darting down to the position we were in. I took the time to notice I was straddling his waist. I rolled my eyes and got up in time to see Tom smack the aliens away with the extinguisher. We all grabbed our weapons and went to smack them. I narrowly missed the male one with my red umbrella. Jake grabbed his gun and began shooting. He got the guy right on the ass. This made me giggle a bit. \"Ouch! Ow! Ouch again!\" He cried. The girl pulled him into the attic. \"Buttocks on fire!\" Was the last thing I heard, which made me laugh even harder. Two things fell to the floor. I control type thing and a Bluetooth looking thing. \"That's the thing they used to control Ricky!\" I exclaimed as Lee picked it up. He began pressing buttons, and Art grabbed it from him. Jake jammed the attic door shut. I watched as the twins fought over the control. \"Wow guys! This is not a toy! It's real!\" Jake exclaimed. A loud thump came from outside and I ran to the window to see what it was. Tom and I got there just in time to see Ricky run into a swing and do two layouts in the air and land on his back. I began laughing my butt off. This was just too good. \"Ricky?\" Jake asked \"Oh yeah!\" I laughed. \"Go get him before somebody finds him. I'll stay here on alien watch.\" Jake said to us. I nodded and hopped down from my perch. The twins, Tom and I all ran downstairs with the aliens devices. We stood outside and waited for Ricky to show up. He came running like a moron towards us and ran straight into the side of his oh so precioous car, leaving a giant dent in the door and the mirror broken. Tom smirked. \"I'm sure that'll buff right out.\" He chuckled, we laughed along with him. \"Hmm, I wonder where he went?\" I asked. \"Oh I'll find him!\" Lee laughed. He fiddled with the control a bit and all of a sudden Ricky popped up on the other side of the car. \"Wow!\" I jumped and looked at him. Lee began to mess with the control. \"Cool! So these move him!\" Lee said, he twisted a knob and Ricky slapped himself. I laughed. He made it so he slept himself repeatedly. \"Sweet!\" I laughed. \"Talk about the ultimate GameBoy!\" Art snorted. Lee laughed too. And continued to make him hit himself. \"What's that big button do?\" Tom asked. Lee pressed it and my cousin straightened up as he came back to his normal state. He walked over and looked at his car. Oh! This oughta be good! \"Huh? What the? What the hell happened to my caaaaaaaa-?\" He yelled out, looking at Tom and I. He did some type of jogging in place thing like a little kid. Lee pressed the button again and Ricky froze in the position. \"That would be the on and off button.\" I laughed. Tom looked at me, and we were both thinking the same thing. Beth was coming. \"Hit it again.\" Tom said. Ricky unfroze and finished his little tantrum \"Aaaaaaaar! Who did this to my car?\" He demanded form us. \"You did you big idiot!\" Tom smirked at him, while I nodded. He leaned towards us threateningly. \"Hit it again!\" I said. Lee did and Ricky froze again. We stepped out of the way as Beth walked up. \"Ricky! Where have you been?\" She exclaimed, stepping in front of him. I nodded at Lee and he hit the button again. \"Oh shut up you little b- Bethany?\" He started, but saw he was talking to the wrong person. She looked taken aback by his outburst. \"What?\" She shrieked, then she slapped him, hard, across the face. I started laughing again, enjoying the whole situation very much. \"Why are you hitting me?\" He asked, extremely confused at the hell was going on. \"Why are you being such a jerk?\" She snapped back. His mouth fell open. I'm guessing the mind control wipes your mind clean so you don't remember anything. \"Revenge is so sweet!\" Tom sighed to me. I nodded in agreement. I couldn't speak I was laughing so hard. \"I have spent the last hour walking around the lake looking for you! Where have you been?\" She demanded. \"I-I…\" Ricky stuttered, trying to recall anything that happened. \"That's what I thought!\" She snapped, stomping away. He ran after her, stumbling for an apology. \"God! I love this!\" I sighed. \"Want me to bring him back?\" Lee asked. \"Nah. Let him suffer.\" I smiled. Tom laughed and we all headed back inside the house to see how Jake was doing. Chapter 4 is done! (: Tell me what you thinkk. Suggestions are welcome. Thank you all so much for the reviews and those who favored my story.(: You're the best. Much Love, Rhey[Chapter 5] Chapter five: A Different Side. We walked back inside and back up the stairs to the top floor. I saw that Hannah and Jake had set up a baracade with the couch that had been against the wall. Jake was holding a crow bar and Hannah was clinging to her sock monkey. Jake turned around when he heard us coming. \"Where's Ricky?\" He asked, he turned his attention back to the room, his grip on the crowbar tightening. \"Taken prisoner by the aliens?\" He continued. I laughed. He could be so dramatic. \"Nope, worse.\" I said. He looked at me confused. \"Bethany.\" I clarified. He nodded in understanding. I'm pretty sure we could all agree that being with Bethany and her relationship drama was 10 times worse than being stuck with aliens. And by technicality, Ricky already was a prisoner to the aliens. \"Any action up here?\" Tom asked as we all observed the room. I kneeled down next to Lee, but then Art sat down and the two nudged me until I was in front of Jake. He leaned over me closely, I was tense. I didn't trust Jake, not one little bit. \"It's been quiet… Too quiet .\" Jake replied. A loud crash from above made me jump out of my skin. They were in the vents! We all got up and looked at the open vent above us. \"What are they doing in the vents?\" I asked Tom and Jake, looking up at them. Jake shrugged and we both looked at Tom. \"Their map. That's how their getting to the basement!\" He claimed. \"What do we do?\" Jake asked. Tom looked back at the vents in thought. I could almost see the little wheel turning in his head. Then I thought of something. \"The heater!\" I exclaimed. They all looked at me, extremely confused, either at the fact I had an idea or... No it was probably that... \"How's that gonna help?\" Lee asked. \"The heat will flush them out of the vent!\" Tom exclaimed, catching onto what I was getting at, I nodded. We all made a mad dash for the stairs. We found the thermostat and cranked it all the way up. Steam rose from the vents above us and the change in temperature was almost immediately noticeable. \"Hope this works Einstein.\" Jake told Tom as we began walking up the stairs again. Art, Lee and Hannah were standing on the landing outside of the room. \"Sounds like they're mad.\" Lee said as we walked up. We all looked at the vents, their terrified shrieks were a good sign. We had them running. \"Nice job. I think it's working.\" Jake smiled at me. I smiled back. \"Kids! Get down here! Right now!\" Mr. P shouted from downstairs. We exchanged nervous looks before walking downstairs. Tom stopped at the foot of th stairs and we all stood behind him. \"Yeah?\" Tom asked. \"Who turned the heat on?\" He asked us. I looked to see he had turned it back to cool. Tom reached over and put it all the way back to heat. \"I did…. We need that.\" He said. Mr. P glared at him. \"Are you crazy? It's the middle of July!\" He exclaimed, turning it back. \"Yeah, b-but i-it's freezing in here.\" I thought on my feet. The others, aside from Tom, chimed in with agreements and acting like they were cold. Maybe that's taking it a bit too far... \"And I think Hannah's coming down with something.\" Tom added. Queue Hannah's fake cough. Mr. P didn't buy it. \"What's going on?\" He asked. \"We're fighting aliens! I'm pretending it's pretend!\" Hannah piped up. We all looked at her with looks of 'what the hell are you thinking?' \"I mean! It is pretend!\" She corrected herself. \"Okay. But I'm not pretending… So don't touch the thermostat.\" He replied in his fatherly tone, switching back on the cold. Tom switched it back. \"Tom. I'm not playing around.\" Mr. P said, switching it back. Damn…. He was one persistent parental unit… \"Neither am I.\" Tom said, switching it again. Oh no… I don't see this ending well… \"Tom! I'm not kidding. Do you wanna spend the rest of the summer up in your room?\" Mr. P threatened. Dude… He's so harsh on Tom… But at least he cares. \"Why can't you just believe there's a reason I'm doing this?\" Tom demanded. \"A reason you're blasting the furnace on summer vacation?\" Mr. P asked. \"Yes!\" Tom exclaimed. \"A reason why you shot your sister's boyfriend?\" He asked. \"Yes!\" Tom snapped. He was getting angrier by the second. \"A reason why you're talking back? Giving me attitude? Failing your classes? \" He asked again. Ouch… Low blow Mr. P… Low blow. \"So that's what this is about?\" Tom's voice came out softer than before. Mr. P shrugged, waiting for an answer. I held my breath, waiting for the explanation. \"I failed them on purpose! Yeah! I tanked my grades! I'm tired of getting picked on because I'm a brainiac! Heck, even Rory get's picked on! I'm sick of it!\" Tom exclaimed. Everyone's eyes grew wide, save for me since I already knew that. The tension was getting worse... \"I was a brainiac. It worked for me.\" Mr. P said. \"Well I don't wanna be like you! I want to be cool!\" Tom exclaimed. We were stunned into silence. The tension was thick in the air now, you could totally feel the awkward as we waited for Mr. P to respond. After a few seconds he did: \"Don't touch the thermostat.\" He muttered before walking away. Tom sighed and we all began to walk upstairs. \"Is it true? Did you really fail on purpose?\" Jake asked Tom. Tom looked back at his cousin, \"No one likes a mathlete.\" He sighed. For some reason, that little comment made me snap. I rounded on Tom and Jake having been in front of them before that. \"I liked the smart Tom! The Tom who didn't care what other people thought. The Tom who helped me with my grades. The Tom who appreciated what he had ! God, Tom I don't even know who you are anymore and I'm your best friend !\" I exclaimed. I wasn't entirely sure what had come over me, but I felt better after I said all that… I spun around and stalked the rest of the way up the stairs. I grabbed a wooden baseball bat from the floor and sat down between Art and Lee. They both gave me a scared look and inched away subtly. Jake's POV. (Written by my best friend and twin brother Tyler.) Rory stormed away from us up the stairs. I couldn't help the fact my eyes fell on her butt. She really had gotten a lot hotter since we were 13... She still wore glasses... But unlike most people, she looked even cuter in them. She was still short, but thinner. She was just hot okay? I looked at my cousin. He had really effed up this time. \"I had no idea she felt that way.\" He muttered thoughtlfully. \"Yeah….\" I murmured. I could tell she still kind of hated me. But I'm not sure why… We were great friends when we were younger, at least according to Aunt Nina and Uncle Stu and Nate and Nana… I don't know what happened. All of a sudden, when were 7, she just stopped talking to me. Then our war of pranks and insults begin. \"Listen, we can't fight these things with our parents still around…. Or with Rory and I fighting.\" Tom said to me. \"It's not like you can just send them away.\" I replied, starting up the stairs. \"Maybe we can.\" He said. I looked at him. Here comes the genius. \"Here's what I want you to do. Get Hannah's electric Barbie car, tape a camcorder on it, and send it to the aliens… Then can you talk to Rory? I'm going to work on getting rid of our parents.\" He said. I shook my head and looked at him. Did I hear him right? \"Dude. She hates me!\" I exclaimed. \"No. She doesn't… She's just a big grudge holder…\" He replied. \"What did I do for her to hold a grudge on me?\" I asked, genuinely curious. \"Well… You were pretty mean to her when we were kids… Almost killed her a few times…\" He trailed off in thought. \"BECAUSE I LIKE HER!\" I exclaimed loudly, then my hand flew over my mouth. Did I really just say that out loud? \"And I never meant for her to almost get killed. Not ever!\" I added as an after thought. \"I KNEW IT!\" Tom shouted happily, smirking at me. I gave him a confused look. \"It's been obvious since we were kids.\" He explained, I sighed. \"I guess I really blew it though, huh?\" I asked. He shook his head. \"Nah… She likes you too… Just give her time. You should have seen her when you went scaling the house. She's never that concerned about anyone.\" He chuckled. I smiled a bit. \"She was worried?\" I asked. I thought I heard her shout my name, but I assumed it was my imagination acting up. \"Yep.\" He said, I smiled even wider. \"Okay.\" I said. He nodded and separated. I decided to talk to Rory first, like Tom said, we'd be in deep shit if we didn't have her help. \"Hey.\" I greeted softly, walking up and kneeling next to her. She had a baseball bat in her hand. She looked at me suspiciously before responding. \"Hi.\" I held my hands up as if I was being arrested, I wasn't here to do any harm, just talk. \"I'm sorry about Tom…\" I started. She looked at me, extreme confusion on her face. \"Why are you sorry?\" She asked. \"Because you were right… He doesn't seem to appreciate his parents.\" I replied. I know she didn't say that exactly, but I knew that's what she meant. It was kind of obvious. \"I just… I wish I could help him see how lucky he is to have parents that care about him… Ones that care how he's doing in school... Hell, how he's doing in general...\" She sighed, eyes focusing on the wall in front of her. My brow furrowed. \"I'm sure your parents notice.\" I said. She let out a sarcastic laugh. \"Yeah… They only notice a two things. My Dad notices when there's no more liquor at the house and my Mom notices when my Dad's drunk.\" She replied, holding up 2 fingers. \"That's all they notice?\" I asked. Wow… Didn't expect that… \"Well it depends if my mom's home, but I don't blame her for wanting to get away most of the time though. My Dad's mean.\" She said. I felt the anger bubble up inside me. \"What do you mean?\" I asked, keeping my anger in check. I controlled my breathing and looked at her, waiting for her to respond \"I mean when he drinks too much…he gets mean. Like not physically mean, just nasty and rude.\" She replied. I looked at the floor. \"I didn't know that he was like that.\" I muttered. She chuckled. \"Why do you think I spend so much time with Tom and his family?\" She asked. \"I just assumed you really liked Tom.\" I replied. She laughed. \"Nah, Tom's too much like my brother.\" She said. I let out a breath I hadn't even noticed I was holding. She didn't like him like that… Whew. \"Oh okay.\" I said. We sat in silence for a few minutes, it wasn't awkward or anything. It was comfortable. I was debating on how to explain to her about the plan when she looked at me. I looked at her curiously. \"Thanks Jake.\" She said, taking me by great surprise. \"For what?\" I asked extremely confused. \"Listening.\" She ressponded. I smiled at her. \"Anytime.\" I said. She smiled back and I began to explain to her the plan. Rory's POV . I was more than shocked when Jake apologized for Tom's actions. I would have eventually forgave Tom… When he begged for it on his hands and knees… And when he announced to our entire school that I was the most amazing person to ever grace the Earth, like he was supposed to when we were Freshman and he lost a bet. I was even more shocked when I told Jake so much about my family. This is my enemy! He isn't supposed to care. God! This world is going mad... I walked from the room and into my own. I grabbed my laptop from my suitcase and walked back out. I walked back up and handed it away to Lee. While he set up the camera and synced it so we could monitor it, Jake taped it to the Barbie car. Hannah was off to the side watching, I was guarding us. Jake walked over and placed it in the vents. \"Send it!\" He instructed, I crawled over to the computer and Hannah followed, Lee stood a little bit behind us, steering the car, Jake joined my other side. \"Still no sign of them.\" Lee said. I sighed, it was so boring watching the screen of blankness. \"Where are they?\" Hannah asked, looking up at me. I looked at Jake for an answer, he looked down at us \"Two options.\" He began. Oh here we go... \"We're either dealing with a retreat...\" He started, then looked back at the screen, \"Or a surprise attack.\" He said. Just then the camera jerked and was lifted from the ground. It twisted to reveal one of the aliens. I jumped away. \"AH!\" We all jumped again as 'NO SIGNAL!' flashed onto the screen. \"I-i-i-it's a s-s-s-surprise a-a-a-attack!\" I stuttered out. All of a sudden the car flew down from the vent and landed with a thud on the ground. I looked down to see it torn to peices. I looked at the others and we were all thinking the same thing, \"RUN!\" We yelled in unison, we all got up and ran from the room, we ran into Art and Tom. \"We need your help.\" Tom said. Okay… Time to be mature… I'll put aside my anger and focus on saving the planet from possible invasion. \"The aliens ate your camera…\" I said. \"I thought of a way to get rid of our parents.\" He said. We looked at him. Lee went with them, while Jake and I stayed with Hannah. I made Art take my camera and video tape what they were going to make Ricky do becaused according to Tom, I would die laughing. \"Fireworks!\" Jake exclaimed suddenly after about 3 minutes of silence. I looked at him confused. It was daylight out... Too early for those. \"What?\" I asked. \"We need fireworks.\" He said, and with that he ran down the stairs and returned seconds later with smoking fireworks and matches. Oh yay… Fireworks in the house… \"I'm not gonna lie, this was a good idea.\" I said, \"I'm full of 'em.\" He said. He handed me the matches and started opening the packet, I lit a match and handed it to him. He lit the explosive and tossed it into the vent. Within in seconds, it was filled with smoke. \"Happy 4th of July! Space maggots!\" He exclaimed, tossing another one in. Tom, Art, and Lee came running up the stairs. \"Guys! There's smoke in the vents.\" Tom announced. \"It's us.\" Jake said. \"We have unfriendly-s on the move.\" I said. \"We tracked them down and held them off.\" Jake finished the explanation. \"Nice.\" Tom smiled. \"Parents?\" I asked. \"Gone.\" He smirked, handing me my camera. I would watch the video later. \"Nice.\" He said. He held up a bigger firework. Yay! This one goes boom! \"Now we can take it up a notch!\" He said. I lit the match and stuck it to the wick and he tossed it inside. The loud explosion made everyone jump, I laughed. The aliens terrified shrieks filled the air. Ah… Music to my ears. \"This could get ugly.\" Tom said. He turned to Hannah. \"Hannah go hide.\" He instructed. She nodded and ran off. The twins tried to follow her. \"Yeah!\" Art agreed, shoving Lee forward. \"Seek safety!\" Lee shouted, I grabbed the back of his shirt as he ran past me. \"Not you.\" I saidn yanking him back. He shrugged out of my grip and walked back to his brother's side. Jake sent about 5 or 6 more fireworks into the vents. I bent down and grabbed the largest one we had. I lit it and looked into the small space.. \"Sayonara suckers!\" I exclaimed, tossing it into the vent. It went off and their shrieks filled the air. \"Phase one: Complete..\" I smiled at the boys. They smirked back. Chapter five, done!(: Tell me what you think, I tried to fit in more Rory and Jake, but I think I did badly. Sorry if I did. Hope you enjoyed it though.(: Reviews are love. (: Much Love, Rhey[Chapter 6] Chapter six: Not So Nana After making sure Hannah was in her room, we walked up to the top floor. I stood with Art and Lee off to the side, watching as Tom and Jake grabbed a ladder and placed it under the vents. Jake climbed up and looked into the vents. Tom joined my side and we waited. \"We've definitely slowed them down, but those buggers adapt fast.\" He announced, climbing down and looking at us. \"Yippee…\" I muttered sarcastically. Lee nudged me and I shrugged \"We need to pull out the big guns.\" He continued, walking over to the box of fireworks, he flipped open the lid and turned to us. \"Black Cat Whistler or Fire Dragon?\" He asked, motioning to each one in turn. I chuckled a bit, he may have a slight obsession with those. Tom gave him a slightly scared look. \"How bout not burning down the house?\" He asked. Jake looked jaded, but didn't say anything. I suddenly heard the strains of a jazzy rhythm and… Hannah giggling. \"Guys! Shhhh!\" I hissed, holding up a hand. They all went silent and we heard Hannah more clearly now. Definitely jazzy rythm and giggling. \"Oh no.\" They muttered. We all made a mad dash for the stairs and ran to Hannah's room. When I got there, the sight I saw made me come to a screeching halt, and seeinf as how he was right behing me, Jake slammed into me so hard he almost knocked me to the ground. Jerk. \"AH! He's armed!\" I exclaimed, noticing the gun in his hand. Jake yanked me back a little bit, \"Enemy's armed!\" He said. \"Hannah! Step away from the alien.\" Tom instructed, stepping forward. The little alien scrambled under the bed as Jake did a dive roll and grabbed a makeshift weapon, a Styrofoam bat… Oh yeah… Very useful. Hannah stepped in front of us \"Stop! He's my friend!\" She exclaimed. My eyes grew a bit wide. \"He was just holding a ray gun to your head.\" Art pointed out. She leaned down and picked up said ray gun. \"It's my bubble blower…\" She said, demonstrating it, the bubbles flew into my face.. Well…It worked. I waved my hand to clear away the bubbles. \"He fixed it for me.\" She explained. \"He's not like the others.\" She added. \"Look.\" She said, we all knelt to the floor and looked under the bed. The alien was cowering in the corner. I instantly felt bad, he didn't seem threatening at all. He actually ran to the other side, far away, mumbling something about not being trained. \"Okay… But first sign of aggression, I'm taking him out…. With extreme prejudice …\" Jake growled lowly, I sighed. I was sandwiched between him and Tom. \"It's okay Mr. Snugglelumps.\" Hannah soothed. I looked at her confused. \"Snugglelumps?\" Lee asked. \"Yeah… That's what I named him.\" Hannah explained. Snugglelumps still looked extremely scared and confused by all the commotion. \"He's not your pet Hannah… He's a freaking alien.\" Tom said. Okay… Him and Jake needed to lay off, this alien hasn't threatened our lives yet, so, he's okay in my book, for now at least... \"He's my alien.\" Hannah smiled, waving at him. He smiled shyly and waved timidly. \"Aw.\" Jake smiled slightly. We all looked at him with our eyebrows raised in curiosity. \"I mean ick.\" He shuddered. I giggled a bit, Mr. Tough guy had a soft side after all. \"I think she's right. I mean look at his belt… I think those are tools.\" I said, he used two of his four arms to pat his belt. He still looked scared. \"It's okay buddy.\" I smiled at him. \"We just wanna talk to you.\" Tom added. \"Come on Snugs.\" Hannah started crawling off the floor. \"Back up…\" She ordered us. I chuckled and crawled backwards and sat on my knees. Snugs crawled out after us. He stood there for a second until Hannah motioned him towards her. He walked over, pulling out two magnet looking things as he did. Hannah smiled and grabbed two of his arms. The other two placed the two magnets together and pulled them apart slowly. As he pulled them apart, Hannah's hair lifted up too. I watched in awe. \"How do you do that?\" Lee asked. Hannah was giggling madly. After a few minutes, Jake got annoyed. \"That's enough. We need answers.\" He exclaimed. He grabbed a chair and placed the alien in it while Tom grabbed the desk lamp. After setting up a mini interrogation set, the questions came tumbling at the pour alien. Hannah and I sat off to the side and watched. \"Why are you trying to kill us?\" Jake snarled. \"What's the invasion plan?\" Tom asked a lot nicer and calmer than Jake. Good cop, bad cop... Nice. \"What's your weakness?\" Jake asked. \"Water?\" Lee asked. \"Earth shrimps?\" Art asked. Okay, what the hell? \"Women?\" Jake asked knowingly. \"Are there more of you coming?\" Tom asked. \"We need the information!\" Jake said. Hannah got up off the bed. \"Guys… Don't be mean!\" Hannah said. \"Hannah. We have to interrogate him. Do you want the world to end? Do ya?\" Jake replied, looking at her. \"No…\" She replied. I decided now would be a good time to intervene. \"None of us want the world to end. But being mean and asking questions a mile a minute isn't going to get us anywhere.\" I said. They looked at me. \"What do you suggest we do?\" Jake asked. \"Give him a chance to explain the most important question… Er… One of them at least.\" I said. I turned to Snugs. \"Why did you guys come here?\" I asked him gently. He had trouble forming a full sentance, I decided to make it easier. I looked around and found somethin, I grabbed some crayons and a sketch pad from the desk and walked back over. I handed them to Snugs and he began sketching, a very detailed drawing of the house. It showed a flying saucer type thing under the basement. \"Whoa…\" We all breathed at how well he was drawing. Then again, having four arms is an advantage… \"House here . Mission objective here .\" He said, pointing at the house then at the flying saucer. \"What they're looking for isn't in the basement. It's underneath it!\" Tom stated the obvious. \"Yes.\" Snugs replied. \"What are you trying to steal from our planet?\" Jake growled. What is he? A freaking pit bull now? \"Who says it's from our planet?\" Tom asked. \"Yeah… It looks pretty alien to me.\" I agreed. \"It must be from their planet.\" Hannah said. I smiled as he popped the blue crayon into his mouth and began chewing. \"Yeah… Planet Fruitcake.\" Jake agreed. Hannah stomped her foot and glared at him. I reached over and flicked his head. The alien scoffed and pulled the wrapper out of his mouth. \"Whatever it is… It must be huge.\" Lee said. Snugs then proceeded to grab the box of Legos on the floor and build a model of the machine. We stood around him and watched. I'm not sure how to describe it…. Weird looking… That's about it. \"So that's what's in the capsule? Some kind of giant machine?\" I asked. \"Great! A giant alien death machine !\" Art groaned. \"No one said anything about death!\" Lee exclaimed. \"Well I doubt it's a photocopier.\" Art sighed. \"Come on! We can't trust this four armed freak ! He's one of them!\" Jake exclaimed. \"He's not.\" Tom objected. We looked to see him pull apart two blocks, he smiled and handed one to Tom. Aw…. How cute! \"He's… Different.\" Tom smirked. Snugs smiled proudly. \"Great!\" Jake scoffed, Snugs glared at him sharply. I giggled a bit. \"A geek alien.\" He said. I rolled my eyes. \"Jake! He's not a geek!\" Hannah snapped. \"It's better than a killer alien..\" Lee said. \"That's very true.\" I agreed. An idea popped into my brain as I played with Hannah's bubble blower. \"Tom. Why doesn't he fix your potato gun… I mean he fixed the bubble blower.\" I said, I pointed it in front of me then at Jake dramatically and blew some in his face, he sputtered and waved them away before glaring at me. I grinned back. I just loved to annoy him. \"I-I fix.\" Snugs stuttered. I stopped grinning at Jake, who had begun to stare and smiled at Tom. He looked hesitant at first, then ran to get his gun. He came back and handed it to Snugs, who immediately began to fix it up. After about 5 minutes, it was good to go looking all amped up and scientificy... and not so much like a 5th grader made it... No offense Tom... \"Modified!\" He declared, handing it to Tom. \"Whoa. Cool.\" I said as Tom pumped the gun once. \"Sweet!\" Tom smiled. I sent a thumbs up to Snugs. He smiled and said. \"Sweet!\" While doing a thumbs up with all four arms. All of a sudden, I heard sirens outside. Snugs imitated it, but looked generally confused as we all rushed to the window. A state trooper was pulling up itno the driveway. Cops... Ew. \"It's the Po-Po! Be cool!\" Jake exclaimed. A knock at the door made me jump out of my skin. \"Open up!\" Nana's voice demanded from the other side, \"Nana!\" I exclaimed quietly. \"Oh crap! We forgot about her!\" Jake said. \"Hold on! Hannah! Hide your alien!\" Tom said. \"Open the door! Open the door now!\" Nana demanded, pounding on the door so hard it shook violently. She was strong for an old lady…. \"Hold on a second.\" Jake called. The pounding settled for a moment. \"Children of my children! I request entry! I have candied sweets.\" She said. Wtf? Who the hell talks like that? Unless… \"She's an alien zombie!\" I hissed. \"Don't open it! That's not Nana!\" Tom said \"Are you sure?\" Lee asked. Zombie Nana chose this moment to break the door down, I leaped closer to Jake who put his arms around me again. She growled at us. Yeah... That was so not Nana... \"Oh yeah! I'm sure.\" Tom said. She stomped towards us. We backed away. \"Surrender Engineer Sparks!\" She demanded. Jake pushed me towards the twins, I stood close to them and watched in horror as Nana shoved Tom out of the way, luckily he landed on the bed. Jake grabbed his useless toy bat from the floor. Yes, weapon of the year that is... \"Nana! Don't make me hurt you!\" He threatened weakly. I watched with wide eyes as Nana grabbed his arm, and bit him. She bit him. Under any other curcumstances, I would have been laughing my ass off on the floor. But this moment seemed to be inapropriate time to... When she pulled away, her dentures stayed attached to Jake's arm… Oh gross… Jake lifted his arm and stared at it, horrified. \"EWW!\" He shuddered. Again, I would so laugh if I could. Nana went towards Hannah, I jumped in front of her, grabbing Hannah's toy wand from the window sill as I did so. I held it up like a sward. I'm sure I looked feirce with my fuzzy pink wand. She salked closer, unphased. She snarled at me and I jumped a little bit. \"Surrender him to me!\" She demanded. I shook my head and stood my ground despite the fear that was slowly starting to grip me. \"Tom! Do something!\" Jake exclaimed. I kept my eyes on Nana's advancing form… remaining ready to attack, even though I was shaking a little bit. I wasn't that big, I was about as tall as Art and Lee. Nana all of a sudden tripped on a skateboard and fell to her back, the fat alien flying out from under her dress. I screamed and jumped away, still guarding Hannah and Snugs. My breathing was becoming more and more labored now. And I didn't have my inhaler. \"Gross. Human!\" The alien groaned, I looked back down at him. The doorbell rang, I looked around at everyone else. \"Someone's gotta get the door!\" Art exclaimed. I looked at him. \"We can't let the cops in here! It's too dangerous!\" Tom protested. I looked back at him. \"Here's Nana!\" The alien exclaimed. I looked back at him and he made Nana go towards us, Hannah reached over and grabbed the bubble blower from the bed. I grabbed at her as she stepped in front of me, but she shrugged me off. \"Hey! Leave my Nana alone!\" She exclaimed, shooting the bubbles in his face. \"Quiet! Squeaky voiced human child!\" The alien demanded, swiping at the bubbled. They did cause him to slip and fall. The control flew from his hand and over to the twins. \"I've got Nana's controller!\" Lee cried. I grabbed the net that was next to me and trapped the alien as he struggled to get up. \"Ah! Release me! Release me now or face the consequences!\" He cried, struggling. I lifted him up and looked over at Jake, \"In here!\" He said finally, noticing a rusting metal case at the foot of the bed. He opened it and Tom grabbed the net from me and dumped the alien into it. \"You don't trap me! I'm supposed to trap you!\" He exclaimed. Jake slammed the lid shut and locked it. I backed away and over to Hannah. \"Shake all you want! We own you!\" Jake exclaimed. I heard a growl from the door. I spun to see the other two aliens standing their. Where the hell did they come from? They rushed at us. We all went into attack mode. I narrowly missed being swiped with the claws again as I charged the female. Tom went after the male and barely missed him. The alien grabbed the paintball gun from under the dresser and aimed it at Lee, who was now almost crying in the corner. Wimp! \"Quiet Earth burgers!\" He exclaimed. Earth burgers? What the hell? The female grabbed the suitcase that currently held Snugs and hopped onto the skateboard and kicked off of the ground. Oh shit. I grabbed the bat and swung at her as she flew past me. I missed. \"Don't let her get Snugglelumps!\" Art cried, racing after her. She was a foot away from the door now... Someone better stop her! \"ART!\" Lee cried, reaching to stop his brother. \"Shoot them! Shoot the humans!\" She screamed, when she was out the door. The male came out, shooting the paintball gun, he hopped onto the skateboard behind her. He shot towards me and I screamed. \"Incoming! Hit the deck! Hit the deck!\" Jake cried, I hadn't realized how close I was to him until I felt myself being yanked to the floor. I was still hit in the side by three paintballs, splattering my side with orange paint.. Oh that better not stain... \"You lose!\" The male yelled as they disappeared around the corner. We all slowly got up from the floor. I was shaking extremely bad now. \"I'm sorry Hannah! I'm sorry they got him.\" Tom said to his sister, she shook her head and removed a pillow from the pile she was standing next to. Snugs popped out, I smiled. \"Sweet huh?\" He asked. Tom nodded. \"This is the Creek Landing Sherriff Department! Open this door at once or I will begin forcible entry!\" A voice called from outside. They began counting down. \"You guys take care of the cop, I'll go after the aliens!\" Jake said, he ran out of the room before any of us could say a word of protest. God… He was going to get himself killed… The metal chest containing the alien shook violently. \"We can't leave him up here.\" I said. Tom motioned at the twins to pick it up. \"Heck no!\" They exclaimed. \"Guys, come on!\" I urged them. The door was being pounded on. They exchanged a nervous look then reached down and picked it up. We walked slowly down the stairs, Hannah had an alien in her backpack and there was another in a chest... God this was so weird... The cop hadn't stopped banging on the door since we were upstairs. Sheesh, I hope he bruises his fist... I grabbed the doorknob and looked at the others. \"Ready?\" I asked. They all nodded and I opened the door to reveal an African American cop with a mustache and a scowl. \"Is there an adult present?\" He asked us immediately. Well hello to you too…. \"Our Nana… But she's…\" Art started but trailed off and looked at Lee for help, Lee remained silent along with Tom and Hannah. \"Napping! She's t-t-taking a n-n-nap.\" I finished for him, feeling the nerves inch up inside me. The officer nodded, continuing to glare at us all. Tell me what you think! (: Hope you enjoyed, I will update as soon as possible. R&R.; Much Love , Rhey.[Chapter 7] Chapter seven: Where's Jake? The cop motioned for us to walk outside, I nodded and held up a hand. \"One second please.\" I replied. He nodded and I turned back to the others. \"We are so dead!\" I squeaked. Tom sighed and opened the door as I walked over to the box. Tom opened the door all the way and Art and I hauled the alien out side and sat it behind us then stood there in a line while an awkard silence filled the air. Finally he spoke again: \"I don't know how much you kids know about penal codes, but making phone calls with the intent to annoy or harass is a serious offence. It's called criminal mischief and it could mean six months in jail.\" He said. Wow... 6 months for that? Harsh... The box shook violently and I looked back at it briefly then looked back at the cop. He didn't seem to notice which I was thankful for. \"911 is for emergency calls only, and any misuse of this system could compromise this county's only line of defense.\" He continued, I fought the urge to roll my eyes. This was going to be a boring speech over some stupid phone call. \"And around here… That's me . I'm the law. Literally, I'm the only one. My deputy's on maternity leave.\" He added. I raised my eyebrows at him. He thought he was awfully important didn't he? \"Look Sherriff, we told we're sorry. It won't happen again. We promise…\" Tom said. \"So you can leave now, we're good. We swear.\" I added. He looked at us, perplexed. Oh no... \"Oh, so I can leave? That's it? Problem solved?\" He asked. The box shook again, even more noticeable now. The Sherriff looked down at is suspiciously. Oh he had no idea how suspicious he should be.…. Tom kicked it and the alien stopped moving. \"What's that there?\" He asked, looking at it closer. We all looked at each other stumbling for an answer. When we couldn't come up with one he sighed. \"Step aside kids.\" He ordered. Uh oh. \"No! It's just my sisters robot dog!\" Tom protested.. \"Y-y-yeah, it's sound a-activated. R-right H-h-h-Hannah?\" I added, looking down at her. \"RIGHT!\" She responded, a little too enthusiastically. \"It's not an alien!\" She said, I noticed her wink up at Tom. I smiled a bit. She was catching on fast. \"Uh-huh, right. I'm gonna take a look inside that chest. Step aside kids.\" He said. Damn persistent cops… They can never just be like \"Oh no! We believe you! Bye-bye! Have fun!\" NO! They gotta be all up in your business... As if it's any of their concern… It's not! Jerks! We all stepped aside and he pulled out his little baton thing and bent down towards the chest. My heartbeat was slowly inching higher and higher. Then, as if we had a guardian angel or something, a horn blared from behind us. We spun around to see the adults…. Oh shit… Definately not an angel... We had some splainin' to do now…. Nate pulled to a stop and they all stepped out of the car. Nate looked careless, as usual, Mr. P was sporting his furious face, something I'm starting to grow used to seeing and Mrs. P looked worried. Hopefully that worry will outlast the anger. \"One hour! We're gone one hour ! What happened?\" Mr. P demanded walking up to us. No need to say hello... \"Hi! Nina Pearson. What happened? Are you kids okay? Is everything okay?\" Mrs. P asked, shaking the cops hand then walking towards us. Sheesh people, give us kids a chance to speak before the 20 questions start! \"Well I'd say making a fraudulent call about an alien invasion is most definitely not okay!\" The officer replied. The adults looked at us, shocked. Well that was a bit dramatic... \"You called 911?\" Mr. P exclaimed. Right in my ear! Thank you very freaking much! \"Come on buddy. I'm sure you can let the kids off with a warning. I mean look at them.\" Nate said, pointing to us. We all smiled innocently. The cop just looked pissed off. \"1) Not your buddy. 2) I noticed your vehicle is missing a front license plate. And 3) How bout I write you up a ticket?\" The cop snapped in reply. \"How about you don't?\" Nate laughed. What an idiot... \"Nate, stop talking.\" Mrs. P demanded. Haha Nate! \"Do you usually leave your children unsupervised like this?\" Mr. Cop asked accusingly. \"No! No! We had to run into town to go to the leasing office. They shut our power off.\" Mr. P replied. Mr. Cop looked up at the porch. \"Looks all right to me.\" He said, we all looked back to see the front porch light was indeed lit. Damn…. Should've shut it off… \"Sheriff I know that this doesn't look good. But they're really good kids. I mean why don't you stay and see for yourself. We're barbecuing.\" Mrs. P said. Oh man! Why invite a cop to dinner? \"Join us!\" She said. \"Mom!\" Tom started at the same said I said. \"Mrs. P-\" But we both went silent as we were cut off. \"Ma'am I'd like to, but I'm on duty.\" Mr. Cop said. Yes! The guardian angel is back! \"Look. The kids made a big mistake. And I assure you, Tom will be punished. But my wife is right. We have plenty of great food. Why don't you stick around?\" Thanks Mr. P…. Thanks. Crush my hopes and dreams why don't you! \"I know you're on duty. But there's no law against a home cooked meal.\" Mrs. P added. Mr. Cop smiled a bit. \"We've got lots of hotdogs, hamburgers and steaks…\" Mrs. P started naming off all the food, making me hungry. The cop looked thoughtful for a minute. \"I have to admit. It has been awhile… All right, arm successfully twisted. I'll stay. I guess an hour off won't kill anyone.\" He said. The adults laughed while us kids exchanged worried looks. Oh how wrong he is…. All of a sudden, something shot down and hit the Sherriff's little star pin thing. I looked up at the roof then back down at the ground and saw a mind plug.. I nudged Tom, who instantly stepped forward and covered the thing with his shoe. He also totally invaded the man's personal bubble… Just saying. \"What was that?\" He asked, looking up. \"What was what?\" Tom asked back innocently. \"Just… Something.\" Mr. Cop replied. \"All right everyone! Dinner!\" Tom exclaimed. We all chimed in with words of agreement and motioned the adults into the house. While the younger ones went on ahead, Tom and I stayed our front and looked up at the roof. I caught a glimpse of the ugly alien and then he disappeared. Tom nudged me. I looked at him \"Jake will be fine… He knows this sort of thing.\" He said. Why would I care about Jake? He's my nemesis. \"Psh…. Like I care…\" I scoffed, attempting to act nonchalant. \"Rory. You can't lie to save your life.\" He reminded me. I glared at him and looked down at the alien in a box. \"Let's just get him inside.\" I muttered. Tom chuckled and grabbed the other handle. We carefully carried the thing inside and out back to the table. We set it down and Tom sat on it. Mr. P was grilling burgers, Beth was chilling by the pool and Mrs. P was helping Nana outside. I caught a snippet of the conversations. \"One minute I'm cleaning my chompers… The next I'm down here!\" Nana was saying. I wonder how they shot her in the bathroom? Then again Nana's oblivious to almost everything around her... \"Well Mom, it's perfectly all right. You're entitled to a few senior moments.\" Mrs. P replied. I stifled a laugh and went to help Mr. P with the burgers and to remind him that I hate cheese while everyone liked it. \"Beth, honey, did you want cheese on your burger?\" Mr. P asked. Beth looked over at him. \"No!\" She snapped, taking me by surprise. I don't blame her though... \"I wanna find whoever invented love and hack them apart with a machete!\" She growled. I laughed. \"I think that's Aphrodite!\" I said. She glared at me and I instantly shut up. She was scary when she's mad. Mrs. P walked over, they looked at me. \"Boy trouble?\" I guessed with a shrug before grabbed the cheese-less burger and walking away. I sat between Art and Lee and looked around. Where's Jake? I went to ask Mr. He'll be fine he knows what he's doing aka Tom, but I was cut off, \"Hey Nate, where's Jake?\" Mrs. P asked. Can she read minds or something? \"I don't know.\" Nate replied. Parent of the year response... \"Well dinner's almost ready, why don't you track him down?\" Mr. P suggested. It was extremely surprising that Nate and Mr. P were related. I mean they were complete opposites…. \"Look, Jake's an adult. If he wants to eat, he'll come down and get it.\" Nate said. I arched an eyebrow at him. Jake? An adult? Who does he think he's kidding? If he's an adult then I'm a duck! Do I have a bill and feathers? I don't think so! \"Whatever.\" Mr. P sighed. \"So… What happened Rory?\" Nate asked, making a scratching type motion towards his neck. \"Oh, um… I was in the woods with Jake and a tree branch scratched me…\" I replied. \"What kind of tree?\" He asked. Damn him… Damn him to hell! Not literally though… That's mean… \"Ummm….\" I said. \"It was a broken branch… on the tree. She was climbing up the tree and it got her!\" Tom just saved my ass from certain death… Well maybe not death but getting caught in a lie… Which could mean death… Whatever.… I just thank the Lord for my best friend… \"All right everyone! Dig in!\" Mr. P exclaimed. We all busied ourselves with getting our burgers ready. Mine was plain, with some regular potato chips. \"Mmm.\" Everyone chorused, taking a bit from their burgers. \"These are really good Mr. P.\" I complimented. He nodded in thanks, looking kind of like a chipmunk…. \"I'll tell ya, there's nothing more American than a charred chunk of meat hitting your stomach.\" Mr. Cop laughed. The adults laughed in agreement. \"I've got the pickles!\" Nate smiled, attempting to get on the man's good side. \"Don't think a dill spear is gonna get you out of that ticket.\" Mr. Cop warned. I laughed, suddenly Tom jerked backwards. My eyes grew wide, the alien was trying to escape! \"Uh…\" Tom said, all of a sudden there was a growl, he looked down and back up. \"My stomach!\" He exclaimed, picking up his burger, \"I'm starving.\" He sighed. The adults nodded as I gave him a look. He shrugged and looked back down. \"Rory. Check your phone.\" Lee said, I nodded. I pulled out my cell. \"Found Jake?\" Art asked. \"Still no signal.\" I replied, we looked at Lee who shook his head. \"Hey, kids. Not at the table.\" Mrs. P said. We all looked at her and nodded. I looked to see all the hotdogs from the tray disappear as Snugs grabbed them and hid again. \"Hannah! Did you eat all the hotdogs?\" Mr. P asked, clearly shocked. Hannah looked down at the tray confused. \"No.\" She replied. All of a sudden we heard a very loud burp. She jumped and covered her mouth. \"I mean yes.\" She corrected her self. I giggled a little bit. \"Let me tell ya, this is way better than eating Ramen noodles in my squad car like every night… By myself.\" Mr. Cop said. We continued eating in silence until I heard crunching. I looked up to see Ricky stomping towards us. \"Attention all! Resistance is futile!\" He exclaimed, Beth jumped up and reached for him. \"Oh baby, I knew you'd come back!\" She exclaimed. \"Step aside hormonal female.\" Ricky replied, pushing her off to the side and continuing towards us. I laughed. \"You're calling me hormonal?\" Beth exclaimed. I looked back at Tom who mouthed: \"He's gone!\" My eyes grew wide and I looked at the twins. Art was searching for the controller, but it was gone. How did we not notice? I looked back at Ricky and Beth. \"Back away you are irrelevant to my mission.\" He stated, pulling out of her grasp. \"Irrelevant! I don't care how old you are! You can't talk to me like that!\" Beth yelled, storming back to the house. Ricky walked over to us. \"What's going on?\" Mr. P asked. \"Teen drama… I think…\" Mrs. P replied. She looked up at Ricky. \"It is teen drama Ricky?\" She asked. He just ignored her and grabbed Hannah's backpack from her. \"BACK OFF!\" She shouted in a really funny voice. Ricky was too strong for and yanked the bag from her and walked away. We looked at Tom. \"Let's move. And bring Nana.\" He said. Lee nodded and we all got up and started for the house. \"Whoa, whoa. Freeze!\" Mr. P shouted. We all froze and turned to look at him. Lee stood behind us and started controlling Nana. \"You kids haven't been excused yet.\" He said. We all stood silent, unsure how to answer. Nana shot up. \"Let them go!\" She shouted. She turned towards Mr. P, looking straight ahead and not down at him. \"We're playing a game Uncle Stu, I mean Stu!\" She declared. \"We're on vacation! Am I aging backwards? I don't think so! You really want to deny me my time with the kids?\" She asked. I laughed. This was too good! \"Phew… Wow… Guilt never gets old.\" Mr. P said. He turned to us. \"Go ahead.\" He said. I smiled. \"Thanks Mr. P.\" I exclaimed. We all ran for the house with Nana following us. We made it to the house and as we opened the door, I found myself hoping and praying that Jake was okay... Tell me what you thinkk! (: R&R;! Much Love. Rhey[Chapter 8] Chapter 8: Nana .VS. Ricky! Tom pushed open the door and we all rushed inside. It was quiet… Too quiet … Oh great… I sound like Jake… We looked around the staircase towards the basement door. Ricky smiled at us, held up the backpack with Snugs and tossed down into the basement. I gasped. He shut the door, locked it and stuck the key in his mouth. Oh... He better not do what I think he's gonna do... \"Oh my, God…\" I muttered. He did a creepy, Exorcist style, neck swivel as he swallowed the key. I shuddered. He did it... \"You have lost. Now the invasion shall begin!\" He said. Alien controlled douche bag say what? \"Invasion?\" Art asked. \"You mean there's more of you guys coming!\" Lee exclaimed. \"Many more.\" He replied, he started walking towards us. We backed away from him. \"And we will we crush you like bugs.\" He spat, pushing Tom roughly in the chest. He stumbled backwards and we walked farther back. \"Not if we crush you first!\" I spat back. \"I will not be beaten by children. If you show anymore signs of resistance then the one you call Jake will be eliminated!\" He snarled, \"What? NO!\" I exclaimed… Not that I care… Really! I don't! Stop looking at me like that! I looked to see everyone in the room staring at me. Don't worry about me! Worry about the fact they were going to kill my Jake! Wait, my Jake? Wtf? He's not mine. I shook my head and pointed at them. They all stopped staring at me and focused on Ricky. Phew... Thank God. \"I want Snugglelumps back!\" Hannah cried. \"That's it. Time to die.\" Ricky growled. I backed away from him. Tom looked back and Lee and nodded, Lee nodded back and held up the controller. \"Richard… You remember Nana.\" Tom smirked, he stepped aside to reveal Nana. I smiled. I almost forgot about Nana. She stepped forward. \"Game on!\" She said, well actually Lee said it… But we heard Nana… \"Game over.\" Ricky replied, balling his fists up. His knuckles cracked, I cringed. I absolutely hated that sound. Tom grabbed Hannah and I and pulled us out of the way. Ricky punched at Nana, but she blocked it with her cane. He punched at her again, and she blocked it. They went at for a few more seconds. \"Go Nana!\" I exclaimed. \"Whoa!\" Hannah agreed as we moved to get a better view of the action. \"Guys!\" Tom hissed. We ignored him and watched as they battled it out. Ricky did a cartwheel type thing over Nana's back and Tom pulled Hannah out of the way as I ducked out of the way and closer to the twins. Ricky crashed into the coat and umbrella rack and whipped around wielding 2 umbrellas. He held them above his head and turned towards the three of us. \"Oh no.\" I muttered. He swung them down and we all dove out of the way. I nearly crashed into Lee, but he steadied me. I looked back up in time to see Nana take her cane, stick it where the sun don't shine and yank it. I heard a ripping sound and Ricky did a front flip and landed on his back. Man, I really hope that hurts him when he wakes up…. \"Whoa!\" I exclaimed. \"What was that move?\" Lee asked. \"One that will make sure my cousin won't be able to have kids.\" I chuckled. Tom laughed, seeming to be the only one who understood. I smiled. At least there was someone around to appreciate my humor. \"It was a double right thumb click with a left panel twist!\" Art explained. Ricky kicked Nana's feet out from under her. She landed with a loud thud on her back. Ouch… I hope she's okay after all this and that we didn't like break her back or something. Ricky hopped up. \"Make her get up!\" I exclaimed. He did just that and she growled at him. I laughed. I noticed something coming down from the ceiling, I looked up and saw the fat alien. \"He's on the light!\" Tom yelled. \"Send Nana after him!\" I added. Ricky got up and did a scorpion kick towards Nana, she ducked and he kicked the railing, knocking a chunk of it onto the floor. \"NANA!\" Hannah yelled, racing forward. Tom caught her and held her back. She struggled in his grasp, but he didn't budge. \"Lee! Flying's you're specialty.\" Art exclaimed, tossing the remote to his brother. Lee handed me the microphone. I smiled. I could have some fun with this…. Lee made Nana do a flying backflip up the stairs. \"That was so cool!\" I chuckled. I looked down at the microphone and back and Nana, who landed on her feet. \"Bring it on!\" I spoke as Nana. Ricky ran up the stairs, but not with the steps, but with the wall and railing. He jumped towards Nana but she ducked out of the way. Ricky crashed through the wall. Oh no, we might have trouble explaining that… Nana hopped up onto the railing and slid down it. \"I so want to try that.\" I told Lee. He laughed. Nana flew off the railing and did a front flip. She narrowly missed the alien and the light as she landed on her feet. Ricky ripped his arms from the wall. He spun around and jumped down the stairs in a mid kick. Nana grabbed his foot as soon as he was close enough and swung him around. He hit a picture and fell to the ground, breaking a table in the process. \"Oooh.\" I laughed. I really really wished he could feel pain in this state. \"Take him out Lee.\" Tom exclaimed. Lee began messing with the control. \"Thumb grip, thumb grip!\" He shouted. Art ran towards us and pushed me out of the way. Rude much? \"Give it to me!\" He shouted. He snatched the control from Lee and began to control. He made Nana punch Ricky and the two flew up in the air. Nana did a 360 while Ricky did a backflip. He landed on his feet and stumbled backwards, breaking another picture. He growled, and grabbed the chair. He spun around and stalked towards Nana, she punched through the chair and he went back a few steps. She then leaped up and spun in the air and kicked his head, he spun backwards and went face first into the same picture he broke. Nana went forward and elbowed him in the back of the neck. Something fell and hit the floor. It was the mind plug. \"Finish him.\" I said. I heard the door shut, I turned and saw Bethany. Oh no! Terrible timing! Terrible timing! \"Ricky!\" She exclaimed. He looked at her. He had a little blood on the corner of his mouth. \"What?\" He asked, extremely confused. He then noticed Nana. \"Nana?\" He asked. Lee made her do a flying ninja kick in his face and he flew backwards into the basement door. Beth screamed and took a step forward, but stopped when the alien swung down from the light and pointed at her. \"Scream human! For your species ends tonight!\" The creature laughed evilly, Beth stared at it with a shocked, scared and worried look on her face. The alien laughed it's happy little ass to the basement. After he was gone, Beth spoke: \"What the heck was that thing?\" She exclaimed. \"Space alien!\" I exclaimed. She looked at me. \"Too much to explain.\" I said, \"We think they're probably here to destroy the world as we know it.\" Lee said. \"Yeah, crazy right?\" I asked. Tom gave me a look and I shrugged and backed away from him. \"Come on! If we don't get down there soon we're gonna be in trouble!\" Tom exclaimed, we started for the basement but stopped when Mr. and Mrs. P came storming into the room. We all froze and stared at them \"I think that is the understatement of the century!\" Mrs. P yelled. I flinched. Mr. P stopped and looked at Nana, who was still in her ninja pose. \"Mom? Are you okay?\" He asked. I looked at Art, who unfroze Nana. She shook her head and stared up at Mr. P confused. \"What? How did I get here? Oh, I need a glass of water.\" She stuttered out before walking out of the room. Mr. and Mrs. P stared after her for a few seconds before turning back to us. \"Okay, someone better start explaining right now! It looks like you kids had a battle royal in here!\" Mrs. P exclaimed. \"We did! Nana verses Ricky!\" Hannah replied. I sighed and did a face palm. There was no secrets with that kid…. \"Not now Hannah!\" Mrs. P snapped. \"Dad. It's not what it looks like.\" Tom started but Mr. P cut him off. \"All of you, upstairs. Now.\" He demanded. \"But Mr. P it wasn't our fault.\" I said. \"Yeah Uncle Stu.\" Lee added. Mr. P looked at all of us briefly before his eyes finally settled on Tom. \"Now.\" He said. I went to protest again, but Tom shot me a look that clearly said 'Shut up or I'll kill you.' So I didn't speak. Tom glared at his parents before being the first to start walking. He held Hannah's hand and started up the stairs. The twins followed, also shooting them a look. I brought up the end of the line, also glaring. We slumped up the stairs slowly. \"Okay. Unless you want to join them Bethany, you better explain what the heck happened down here.\" Mrs. P snapped at her daughter. I stopped at the top of the stairs and looked down at them. Before Beth could reply though, Nana came walking back into the room. She picked up her cane from the floor then turned to Mr. and Mrs. Pearson. \"I haven't got a clue as to what happened. But my back hasn't felt this good in ages.\" Nana said, then she walked out of the room again. \"Mom? Mom? Where are you going?\" Mr. P called out to her, but she didn't reply. The two followed after her and I laughed a little bit. Nana was the coolest grandma ever. I looked back at Beth, who still looked extremely scared. \"Aliens.\" She hissed. I nodded then felt a tug on my arm. I looked down to see Hannah. \"Come on Rory.\" She said. \"Okay. Give me a second.\" I replied. I walked back to my room and looked around. Jake's duffle bag sat on his bed, still half packed. God I hope he's okay…. I sighed and looked at my phone one more time. Still no signal. I plugged it into the charger and walked back out. I walked into Hannah's room and everyone jumped about 5 feet in the air. \"Whoa, chill.\" I soothed, walking all the way in and shutting the door. I walked over to the window and curled into a little ball. I stared out of it and started thinking about what they could be doing to Jake at that moment. They could be torturing him. \"I'm sorry guys.\" Tom's voice broke my thought. I looked over at him. \"It's over.\" He said. No. It couldn't be over. They still had Jake! \"OVER?\" Beth exclaimed, stomping into the room. Where did she come from? \"It better not be over! Ricky's down in the basement with that…. Space rodent!\" She spat. Is that all she cares about? Ricky? I think the world ending is a little bit more important than my idiot, man-whore of a cousin. Tom rolled his eyes. \"You don't get it. An entire fleet of those things are about to invade.\" He said. Now it was Beth's turn to roll her eyes. \"Then man up and deal with it!\" She exclaimed. Tom stood up and stared her down. \"I have been! All day.\" He said. Beth glared at him for a second then turned to us. \"Well if he's too scared, maybe you guys will help me?\" She asked us. We all looked at each other then back at her. \"Not without Tom.\" Lee said. \"What? Why?\" She asked. \"Because he's our leader.\" Art said. Good point there Artie. \"Come on. As much as I hate him, he's family. Ricky does need your help. So does Jake. I don't want to lose him... Them!\" I said, standing up and correcting myself. \"And Snuggles.\" Hannah muttered. Art and Lee stood up next. \"And like everyone on Earth...\" Art said. \"Including our parents.\" Lee added. Tom looked at us all one more time, Hannah and I pulled our puppy dog faces. \"All right.\" He said, he leaned down and picked up his potato gun. Beth looked at it, confused. \"Let's go save the planet.\" He said, then turned to her. \"And your dumb old boyfriend.\" He added with a smirk. She smiled happily and went to walk out. \"Whoa guys. Wait.\" I said. They all looked at me. \"Why wait?\" Beth asked. \"Your parents. If they're down there, they'll just send us right back up here. That won't do anything but waste time.\" I pointed out. \"She's got a point. They're pretty ticked right now.\" Beth muttered. Tom looked thoughtful for a minute. \"I'll go and check if the coast is clear.\" I sighed. Before they could respond, I was out the door. I did a dive roll and landed next to the railing. I adjusted myself so they couldn't see me, but I could see them. Damn, I'd be an amazing ninja. \"Why would they do this?\" Mrs. P asked Mr. P as she examined the damage. There was a broken table, a couple of broken pictures, the railing... It was a disaster. \"I have no idea. Tom's never acted this way before.\" He replied. Mrs. P sighed. \"We'll talk to him later. Let's go back outside. We have a guest. Remember, happy face.\" She said. They both walked out of the room. I dive rolled back to the room. \"The sparrows have left the nest, repeat the sparrows have left the nest!\" I said. They all just stared at me for a few seconds before Tom finally spoke. \"What?\" He asked. \"What?\" I asked back. \"What?\" He asked. \"What.\" I said. \"What?\" He asked. \"I'm just saying.\" I shrugged. He rolled his eyes and walked out with Hannah and Beth. The twins walked up to me. \"The sparrows?\" Lee asked. I shrugged. \"Seemed like the right thing to say.\" I replied, turning on my heel and walking out. They followed after me and we met up with the others. I went down first to scope out the place. The adults had all gone back outside. I walked back into the room, \"Coast is clear.\" I said, they nodded and walked down all the way. We stood outside the basement door, staring at it. Tom turned to us. \"Okay guys. Just remember. They're dangerous and unpredictable.\" Tom said. Wow. What an awe inspiring speech giver he is. \"Thank you so much for reminding me! I almost forgot!\" I snapped sarcastically. He gave me another look and I went silent. Tell me what you think? Did you like Rory's reaction? R&R.; Much Love (: Rhey.[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine: We're Gonna Need A Bigger Potato. I turned the doorknob and slowly pushed the door open. Pitch black greeted us, I looked at the others. \"R-r-r-ready?\" I asked. They all nodded. Tom went ahead of us with his potato gun. I followed after him, gripping the back of his shirt tightly. Beth had hold of one of my hands and one of Hannah's. Lee and Art followed them. I looked to the right and it looked as if the aliens had been doing construction work or something. How did the adults not notice that? I seriously doubt the aliens were quiet about it! \"A g-g-giant gaping h-h-hole in the m-middle of the basement… T-t-that's not good.\" I said. I went ignored by everyone. Beth's grip on my hand tightened though. I looked back at her. Owwww! She ignored me. \"Do you want Monkey? He's good luck.\" Hannah asked her. Beth looked down at her and tried to act casual by giving her a smile…. Well it was actually more of a grimace. \"I'm fine.\" She said. She let go of my hand and I brought it up in front of my face and looked at it, flexing my fingers to get the feeling back into it. She was a lot stronger than she looked. There was a loud thump that made me jump and Beth snatched the stuffed animal from her little sister. I snickered. Not so tough now. \"Stay close.\" Tom said, I looked at him. Did he expect us to stray far? \"They could be anywhere.\" He added. We all nodded. I grabbed onto his shirt again. Beth snickered this time. \"Scared?\" Beth asked. I shook my head but didn't look at her. \"W-w-why w-would I b-b-be?\" I asked. She gave me a knowing look, I shrugged her off and we started walking again. Tom led us slowly to the hole. I remembered a flashlight that was on the table and reached over and grabbed it. I clicked it on and shined it towards the hole \"Good idea.\" Tom said as we walked. I nodded and shined the light down in the hole. Nothing really seemed out of the ordinary. The others gathered around me, pushing me closer and closer to the edge. I searched around the hole, but found no sign of Jake, which scared me. Maybe they took him with them? All of a sudden, something jerked and we all jumped I lost my footing and fell into the hole. I braced myself for the impact of dirt and stone, but it didn't come. Instead I fell onto something…. Warm? I bolted up and scrambled away from it as it moved. I coughed as I shined the flashlight on.. Jake! OMG JAKE! \"It's Jake!\" I exclaimed. Oh thank the Lord he's okay! \"He's okay!\" Art cried. I let out a sigh of relief and stood up. I looked up at Tom. \"How do we get him out of here?\" I asked. I was shorter than the hole and a lot smaller than Jake. \"We'll help you. Just try and lift him up.\" Tom replied, kneeling down near the edge. The twins did the same as Beth and Hannah stood off to the side and watched. \"I'll try…\" I replied. I leaned down and grabbed Jake's forearm and heaved him up into a sitting position. \"Ugh… You're heavy!\" I groaned. He glared at me and I smiled back. After I got him to his feet, we tried to pull him up. \"1...2...3... HEAVE !\" I shouted, pushing him up the side, while the twins and Tom pulled him up. God, they're weak! \"Put your back into it!\" Tom groaned. \"I AM PUTTING MY BACK INTO IT!\" I shouted. \"God Jake! What have you been eating?\" I asked. \"1...2...3... PULL!\" Tom yelled. I pushed again, but he didn't budge. \"A LITTLE HELP HERE JAKE!\" I yelled. He gave me a look. I held my hands up. \"Never mind.\" I muttered. We all took a few seconds to breathe and got ready. \"1.…2.….3... PULL!\" I shouted. I pushed with all my might. \"PULL LIKE A MAN TOM!\" I exclaimed. He and the twins pulled one last time and Jake flew out of the hole. Dirt and dust rained down onto me, I started coughing and waving my hand. I leaned against the side of the hole and waited for it to stop. After it did, I looked around then stood up straight. \"Now someone help me out!\" I said, straightening up and reaching up towards the edge. Tom chuckled and bent down and grabbed my arm. He heaved me out of the hole. \"What have you been eating?\" Tom asked. I shot him a glare \"You're just weak!\" I snappeed. He rolled his eye and we looked over at the twins and Jake. They had gotten Jake into a sitting position. We walked over and I bent down so I was eye level with him. I grabbed the edge of the tape. His eyes widened. \"Brace yourself.\" I said. He nodded and I yanked the tape from his face. He flinched and shook his head. Dirt fell, I coughed and waved away the dust. God... This sucks. \"S-s-sorry.\" I coughed out. He shook his head and looked at us. \"Those Jerkonians! They tied me up and dragged Snuggles outside. This vacation really sucks!\" He exclaimed as the twins began to untie him. I laughed. \"You see the machine?\" Tom asked. Jake nodded. \"Yeah. You were right. It came here years ago! Some idiot built this place smack on top of it!\" He spat out. \"Guys! Guys, I found Ricky!\" Beth called from the corner. I looked over to see her kneeling next to my unconscious cousin. How'd he land there? It was about 5 feet to the left of the stairs. \"He's waking up.\" She said, my cousin stirred and started to get up. He got up to his hands and knees and shook his head. \"Where the heck am I?\" He groaned. He looked up and saw Beth and started freaking out. Tom walked over to them as I tried helping the others. These aliens sure knew how to tie knots... \"Oh baby! I'm so glad you're okay.\" Beth sighed. Rick scrambled away from her, but his feet kept getting caught in the net. I laughed. Finally he was free and ran towards the stairs. \"STOP!\" He demanded Bethany. She took a step back. \"Okay, okay. I know it's been a really weird day! But you have to let me explain.\" She told him. He looked over at us then back at her. \"Okay.. Okay.. Explain to me why I keep blacking out! Why I'm bleeding! And why your grandma did a flying ninja kick on my face down the stairs!\" He exclaimed. Beth looked at us and I nodded. He probably wouldn't believe her anyway, but it was worth a shot. She took a deep breath and looked at him. \"Well.. Um…. We're fighting um… Space aliens.\" She replied, getting straight to the point. He gaped at her for a minute. Beth nodded and went on. \"Yeah, yeah. They're small but dangerous and really, really scary!\" She added. He shook his head. \"Oh no. No, of course. I believe you. Why wouldn't they be?\" He replied sarcastically. God, he's such a douche bag… \"Bethany! Why do you want to waste our time playing hide and seek and kill the aliens with your stupid brother and your dumb little cousins.\" Ricky spat out, seeming to forget Hannah and I. This caught everyone else's attention and they all turned and glared at Ricky. I noticed they finally untied him. Beth glared at him too as she stepped closer to him. \"Don't talk about my family that way!\" She said. He looked at her with an expression of pity. \"Well you don't have to worry about it anymore. Because were done.\" He muttered, he stepped back from her. \"I knew I should've stayed home and hooked up with Annie Filkins! She's smokin' hot and doesn't like talking about feelings all the time!\" He exclaimed, doing some weird little hand gesture at the word 'feelings' . Wow…. What an asshole… Beth looked hurt. \"I'm going straight to Annie's…\" He said, pointing up the stairs. Okay, he's just made an entire new level of asshole! He turned to look at the rest of us. He gave me a disgusted look, which in turn, I flipped him the bird. He glared and began walking up the stairs, he took one step and his leg buckled. \"Ouch.\" He groaned. Ha! Karma! Tom walked over to his sister. \"I'm really sorry.\" Tom said . \"Don't be. You were right all along.\" Beth replied. Hey! Wait a minute! I was the one that warned her! \"But if it's any consolation. He's not going straight to Annie's.\" Tom laughed, reaching into his pocket. He pulled out Ricky's car relay. I smiled. \"Or anywhere for a while.\" Tom said. Well played Tom, well played. I laughed and looked out the window where lights had begun flashing. I walked over to it and looked. What I saw scared me a lot more. Jake walked over to Beth and Tom. \"Ummm guys, I hate to break up this sibling bonding moment but we're in Death Con 1 here.\" He said. Outside the window, the machine was slowly being set up. The others came and joined us. \"Oh my, Gosh! They're forcing him to build it.\" Lee said. \"Build what?\" Beth asked. \"How do you take over the world with that thing?\" She asked again, looking at us. \"I really don't want to find out.\" Tom sighed. \"We've gotta stop them before their fleet arrives!\" He exclaimed. \"Fleet?\" Jake asked. I guess they didn't tell him… \"Yeah, this is just the advance team.\" I said, looking up at him. He looked shocked. \"We have to rescue Snugglelump!\" Hannah exclaimed, Beth gave her a confused look. \"Snuggle what?\" She asked. \"Lump. The four armed fella.\" Lee said, \"He's on our side. The other three… Not so much.\" He added. Beth looked at all of us once. Damn, this family seemed to do that a lot. \"This is so not happening.\" She said. \"Trust me. We wish it wasn't.\" I said. The others nodded. \"We gotta get out there. Let's move!\" Tom exclaimed. He started out the door, but Jake grabbed him and pulled him back. \"Not so fast! I have a plan.\" He said. We gave him a confused look. Jacob Pearson has another plan? Shocking. \"Work with me here!\" He said. \"Did Grandma give anyone Mentos?\" He asked. Weird question... Nana always gave us Mentos, \"Yeah why?\" Tom asked, \"Hand 'em over.\" Jake exclaimed. \"What? We're gonna throw candy at them?\" I asked. He shook his head \"No. It's my own little science project.\" He replied. We all handed him our Mentos and he looked around. \"We need Diet Coke.\" He said. Oh, I know what he's getting at now… Ah, he's a smarter cookie than he lead on. \"You're thirsty?\" Beth asked. Wow... I clearly remember her being there when I pulled this expertiment about a year ago... He shook his head and looked at the twins. \"There should be some upstairs.\" He said. They nodded and ran up the stairs. They returned minutes later with three bottles. \"Rory, get that tape.\" He said. I gave him a look. Who said he could order me around like that? \"Please?\" He said. I smiled and nodded. I grabbed the blue electric tape and handed it to him. \"Now dump out some of the Coke.\" He instructed, I nodded. He ripped off three strips and placed the Mentos in a line while I did as he said. I handed them to him and, he placed the tape into the Coke and capped it off. \"Mentos bomb, you're a genius!\" Tom exclaimed. I nodded in agreement. \"Thanks.\" Jake smiled. \"All right, I love that you two are getting along and that Jake reached his inner scientist, but I think we have bigger problems.\" I said. They nodded and we all grabbed a weapon of some sort. Well, except for Hannah. I grabbed the paintball gun. I was sooo gonna have fun with this…. \"Let's go.\" I said. Jake handed me a bottle of Coke. Tom opened the window and we sent out Hannah and the twins. \"Beth, you next.\" I said. \"What? No!\" Jake exclaimed. \"Why not?\" I asked. \"Because, you're smaller than me.\" Beth pointed out. \"So?\" I asked. \"That means you're first.\" Jake said. He grabbed my waist, I jumped a little. He chuckled. \"Jumpy Rory?\" He asked. I could practiacally see him smirking. I rolled my eyes and grabbed the edge and placed one foot on the ledge we were using. \"Just lift me.\" I muttered. He lifted me up with ease and pushed me out the window. Beth came out next, then Jake, then Tom. We all knelt behind the bushes and watched as the tall ugly alien shoved Snugs. He muttered something, but I couldn't here. Hannah gasped and went to run, but Beth held her tight. \"Hannah, calm down. We'll get Snugs out of there.\" I attempted to calm her down. She nodded hesitantly. \"Aim for the machine!\" Tom reminded us, looking at the machines. The aliens had all gathered in the same spot luckily, so taking them out shouldn't be a problem. \"Once they're distracted, we move out. Beth and Hannah, stick together. Rory you're with me. Twins, go with Jake.\" Tom instructed. \"Yes sir!\" I said, mock saluting him. I set myself up to throw it. \"Whatever. 1.…2.…3.… GO!\" Tom yelled. We each tossed the soda boms and as soon as they hit the ground, soda flew everywhere. The aliens scattered. The tall one got knocked out, and the fat one looked dizzy. I couldn't see Snugs or the female. \"Move out!\" Tom yelled. I grabbed the paintball gun and ran. \"Let's go!\" Jake shouted. I shot the gun off towards the fat one, but missed. \"SNUGGLES!\" Hannah exclaimed. Snugs looked at her and the female ran after him. \"TRAITOR!\" She exclaimed, she went to tackle him, but Beth blocked her with the trashcan lid. She tossed her inside and lifted it right side up. \"Never mess with a girl who's just been dumped!\" She exclaimed. Snugs ran over to Hannah and I looked for the others. Jake, Art, and Lee were taking care of the ugly tall one and Tom was focusing on the fat short one. \"GET OFF MY PLANET YOU LITTLE GREEN SON OF A B-!\" Tom yelled, as he fired the gun. The potato hit the alien so hard he flung, he was shot into the machine. It started glowing and the alien was lifted up into the air by three beams. My eyes grew wide. \"What the hell is happening?\" I asked. No one responded as we all just stared. All of a sudden the alien was shot over some trees. That's it? That's all it does? Wow… \"HOW DO YOU FEEL NOW?\" Jake exclaimed happily. Is that like his catch phrase or something? God…. \"Weakness! We found their weakness. It's their own alien death ray!\" Art exclaimed. We all gathered together as we smiled happily. I heard muttering, and I looked down at Snugs. He looked scared. \"Not sweet. SO NOT SWEET!\" He stuttered out. Oh no…. Snugs got in front of us. \"Hu-mans!\" Snugs exclaimed, I turned and got their attention. \"Guys… I don't think it's over.\" I said. They all looked at me, \"The machine. Molecule expander. Commander bigger!\" Snugs stuttered out, making a motion with his arms. But he didn't need to, we all stared up at the giant alien. I felt faint all of a sudden. I grabbed onto Tom and Jake and they steadied me. \"You're gonna need a bigger potato.\" Jake said as we stared up at it. Oh man... We are so dead... Tell me think!(: R&R; . Did you like? Hate? I'm thinking of a sequal. But I'm not sure yet. Much Love , Rhey[Chapter 10] Chapter Ten: Saving the World. I clung to the person closest to me, which unfortunately was Jake as we all just stood there gaping up at the alien, I looked over at Tom. \"What are we gonna do?\" I asked. We didn't exactly have the resources to take on a giant alien. \"Who's little now Earth maggots? Pretty cool huh?\" The alien laughed. \"It's over. You lose.\" He said. He began walking away, the ground shook violently as he did so. \"Where's he going?\" Lee asked. \"Wherever he wants.\" I breathed out. Tom dropped his gun as we all began freaking out. \"What are we gonna do?\" Art asked. \"I don't know!\" I exclaimed. Jake ran his hands through his hair. Ha, he looked kinda cute when he was stressed. Wait! Bad Rory! Don't think that! I shook my head clear of those thoughts. \"We're dead! There's no way we can survive against that!\" Lee said, pointing to the monster. \"Don't say that. We can't give up.\" I replied. Hannah and Beth looked scared to death. I looked over at Tom who had drifted away for some reason. He stared after the alien. \"Tom?\" I asked. He ignored me and looked down at the ground. His head snapped up and he looked at us, \"Guys. Listen. We don't have much time!\" He said, gathering us in a circle. He turned to Snugs. \"Sparks. Can anything go in that machine?\" He asked. \"Theoretically.\" Sparks replied. Oh…. I don't like that word… It's not a guarantee. Guarantees are better that theories… Just saying. \"Okay! Good. Art, Lee. I'm gonna need a controller.\" Tom said. He turned to Beth and I. \"Beth, Rory. I need you to keep the other aliens on lock down.\" He instructed. \"Okay.\" Beth replied. \"Got it.\" I nodded. I looked at the giant one and saw him stick a huge orange stick in the ground. I flinched. We gotta hurry. \"Jake. Come with me. Hannah, stay with Sparks.\" Tom finished telling us what to do. \"Rory. Come on!\" Beth said. I nodded and looked at Jake, he sent me a smile which I returned. Beth grabbed my arm and we ran over to the ugly alien who was still unconscious. I grabbed the paintball gun from the ground and walked over and stood behind her, ready to shoot if it all of a sudden sprung to life or something. Beth dropped to her knees and took off her belt. \"You are one ugly alien.\" She said. I laughed and nodded in agreement. I heard a thump behind me, I spun to see the female had gotten out of the trashcan. \"He may be ugly. But he's mine!\" She exclaimed. I started shooting at her. \"You don't know when to quit do you?\" I exclaimed, shooting at her. I missed her though. She came at me, baring her claws. \"Beth!\" I squeaked as the paintball gun ran out of ammo. I threw the gun to the side and backed away. She ran past me and clawed my leg. I let out a cry of pain. \"SHIT!\" I cursed. \"Rory!\" Beth exclaimed. I waved her off. \"Focus on them!\" I said. She nodded and grabbed the tennis racket next to her. She swiped at the alien, and narrowly missed her. She went to attack her face, but Beth blocked her with the racket. She began to slice it with her nails. I crawled over to help her, as Beth threw the alien down. She leaped back at her and jumped on her back. She grabbed her hair and Beth spun around. The alien was flung to the ground. She looked down at her hand. \"You broke my nail!\" The alien hissed. She charged again, but Beth pulled back her fist. She was gonna punch an alien... \"I don't care!\" Beth grunted as she punched her. The alien fell to the floor. Beth looked at her nail and bit it off and spit it out. She turned to me. I was gaping at her. Beth was one tough chick…. \"You okay?\" She asked. I nodded and looked down. I was bleeding a lot. \"I've dealt with it.\" I replied, pointing to my neck. She looked unsure but didn't say anything. Another tremor made me fall. I looked over to see the alien had stuck another stick in the ground. What the hell are those for? I looked back over at Beth, she was holding up. I looked back at the alien in time to see him press a button and send 5 beams of light into the sky. Oh my God…. \"They're beacons…. He's calling the invasion.\" I breathed. I heard Jake yell something similar. \"We are so dead.\" Beth muttered. I nodded in agreement. Hannah walked over to us. She grabbed Beth's hand and stared up at the sky. \"It's them… They'll all be coming soon..\" She said. I looked down at her… Was that really necessary? And she said it really creepy… \"I'm going to check on the boys.\" I said. Ignoring the pain in my leg, I ran over to where Jake and Tom were to find Tom on a light pole and Jake shooting the giant alien. I swear these boys are trying to give me a heart attack. \"ARE YOU TRYING TO GET YOURSELVES KILLED?\" I yelled at them. I was ignored. I watched as Jake ran through the aliens legs, the alien spun to face him. The twins ran up to me. Art held a controller. \"Where'd you find it?\" I asked. \"Over there.\" Lee replied, pointing off towards the house. I nodded. \"BRING IT!\" Jake yelled up at the alien. Pain surged through my leg all of a sudden. I leaned on Lee. He held me up. \"TOM TAKE THE SHOT!\" Jake yelled. I looked up at Tom and saw him handling the gun. Don't fall… Don't fall… Don't fall. \"His collar is still in the way!\" He shouted. Then I saw it. The ugly one was now growing. \"LOOK OUT!\" I shouted, pointing over at him. Jake looked at me then followed my arm. \"THE UGLY ONE GOT BIG!\" Jake yelled. Tom looked back at it. The alien stomped closer to us. \"HURRY TOM!\" I yelled. \"DO IT!\" Jake said. Tom pointed the gun up a bit and shot. \"What was that?\" Jake asked. The alien all of a sudden fell. I jumped a little. The leader shot up and turned to the tall one. He punched him in the face. \"Commander?\" The tall, ugly one asked. The commander didn't respond, he then noticed the twins and I. \"Puny humans! Is that all you have?\" He asked them, holding the leader back. Lee had the arms swinging madly. The tall one punched him. Art punch back. Each hit they took, the ground shook violently. I clung to Lee to stay standing. \"Whoa…\" I breathed. The tall one picked up the fat one and slammed him onto the ground. I ran over to watch it, I ran back over to Bethany and we stood opposite to the boys. \"Sparks! Reverse the machine!\" Tom shouted. I noticed he had since jumped from the pole onto the ground. We watched as the ugly one pretty much owned the other guy. \"Nothing's working!\" Art exclaimed. \"Give it to me!\" Tom exclaimed, he snatched the remote from him. He did a move and lifted his knee. We watched as the fat one kneed the tall one where the sun don't shine. \"Oooh! Crude.\" Art cringed . \"But effective.\" Lee added. \"Awesome!\" Jake exclaimed, squeezing his cousins shoulders. We all watched as the aliens tumbled towards the machines. \"Reversed!\" Sparks declared. I smiled happily, and watched as the aliens fell into the machine and instantly began shrinking…. And so did the machine. It wilted and crumbled before our eyes. After a second it shrank, then exploded blasting us backwards. After it cleared, Beth helped me up and we ran towards the others. \"BETHANY!\" Hannah exclaimed. \"Hannah! Are you okay?\" Beth exclaimed back. They hugged, I ran and embraced Jake. He picked me up and spun me around. He set me down and smiled. \"You were great Rory!\" He exclaimed. I smiled back. All of a sudden, his lips were crushed to mine. At first I was shocked, but then I found myself kissing back. What the hell was I doing? Kissing Jacob Pearson? Part of me wanted to pull away, slap him and run. But the other part of me wanted to stay in that position forever. I went with the second one. He pulled away all too soon. \"S-s-so were y-y-you guys!\" I replied. He chuckled and kissed my forehead. I smiled and we turned to see the shocked faces of the twins, Hannah looked grossed out, Tom looked a little annoyed and Beth was smirking. \"I knew it! I knew you liked each other!\" She said. I felt my face heat up and all of a sudden I was thankful for the dark. There was no way I could like him... 'Yes there is.' Argh, that damn voice is back. 'I don't like him!' I argued. 'You're right... You love him!' Okay, it's official... I'm insane. But that damn voice was right... I did love him... Even if he could be an idiot... \"Guys look. The rest are coming.\" Beth's voice snapped me out of my thoughts. I looked up at the sky and saw many little dots. \"There are so many of them.\" I whispered. None of us moved, we just stared at the millions of aliens that were coming to invade. I looked down at Snugs, he looked down at his wrist and clicked a button. \"Retreat! Retreat! The machine has been destroyed! We have been outsmarted by the hu-mans! The invasions has failed!\" He said, signaling for the aliens to fly away. He turned back and smiled at us. We smiled back at him. We looked up at the aliens and watched them fly away. \"Oh thank God…\" I sighed happily, watching the last of them disappear. We slowly walked towards Sparks. \"It's done… It's over…\" Tom muttered in a dazed voice. I laughed. \"It's all over. We won.\" I agreed. Sparks looked up at us, slightly confused. He scratched his head. \"Thanks Snugs. For everything.\" Tom said to him as we all gathered around him. Jake placed an arm around me to help me walk. \"You're all right for a space maggot. I'm gonna miss you.\" Jake smiled down at him. \"Miss him?\" Hannah asked. I gave her a confused look. It wasn't like he was going to stay. \"He's staying here with us.\" She said, she knelt down and looked at Snugs. \"Please don't go. You can stay here and be part of our family.\" She said. Aw… That's so cute… A little four armed alien for a pet. Most kids have cats or dogs or fish… maybe a bird or a turtle or something. No, the Pearson's have an alien. Sparks pulled out something small, but then he expanded it to reveal a picture of him, with 3 people I can assume were his wife and kids. She smiled at the picture, so did I. \"Hannah, I think he already has a family.\" I said. Sparks smiled at her. \"My family.\" He said. I chuckled. \"All right. Let's get you back up to your ship.\" Tom said. Sparks nodded and we all walked back into the house. We walked upstairs and into the attic. We climbed out the window and looked at Snugs one more time. Hannah knelt down and handed him her sock monkey. He smiled and took it from her. \"Goodbye Hannah.\" He said, he reached up and hugged her. \"Aw..\" I whispered. He was just too cute! She hugged him back. They pulled away from each other and he walked over to his ship. Hannah ran over to us and hugged Beth's waist. Snugs flew towards us and we all ducked down. He did this twice before flying away. We smiled as he did so. \"I'm gonna miss him.\" I said. \"We all are.\" Beth said. I nodded and we all went back inside. \"Okay Rory, we need to clean you up.\" Beth said as we walked into mine and the boys room. \"How come I'm the only one who was injured this bad?\" I asked. Jake laughed. Tom came in with the first aid kit and we cleaned it up. \"Man, these are really deep…\" He muttered examining them closely. \"So? Just throw a Band-Aid on it and get it over with.\" I said. \"No, Rory…. I think you need stitches.\" He replied. I stared down at him, eyes wide. \"I don't think so.\" I snapped. \"Rory. You have to.\" Jake said. I shook my head. I refused to go to the hospital willingly! I've spent too much of my time there unwillingly. Jake's POV. (Again, written by Tyler) \"That was awesome!\" I exclaimed at Tom as he took down the other alien. I looked for Rory, I saw her with Bethany. Her leg was bleeding badly. The girl must have gotten her again. The space maggots fell into the machine and it started shrinking. The chick came and got the ugly one out of there, but they left the leader. The machine shrunk all the way and blew up. The force knocked us backward, I jumped up and ran towards the girls as they ran towards us. I ran straight to Rory and caught her in a hug. \"You were great Rory!\" I exclaimed as I spun her around in a circle, she giggled and I set her down. She smiled up at me, and on impulse, I leaned down and kissed her. She didn't push me away or do anything I expected her to do, she kissed back. SHE KISSED BACK! I pulled away and she smiled again. \"S-s-so were y-y-you guys!\" She stuttered out. I chuckled and kissed her forehead lightly. I turned to see my little brothers shocked faces, Hannah looked disgusted, Tom looked annoyed and Beth was smirking. I gave her a confused look. \"I knew it! I knew you liked each other!\" She said. I placed an arm around her shoulders. Then Beth looked up at the sky. \"Guys look. The rest are coming.\" She said. We all looked up. \"There are so many of them.\" I said. We all just stared up at the sky. I wasn't ready or in the condition to take on millions of aliens. Sparks all of a sudden clicked his watch. \"Retreat! Retreat! The machine has been destroyed! We have been outsmarted by the hu-mans! The invasions has failed!\" He said, signaling for the aliens to fly away. He turned back and smiled at us. We smiled back at him. We looked up at the aliens and watched them fly away. \"Oh thank God…\" I heard Rory sigh happily, watching the last of them disappear. We slowly walked towards Sparks. \"It's done… It's over…\" Tom muttered. \"It's all over. We won.\" Rory agreed. Sparks looked up at us, slightly confused. He scratched his head. \"Thanks Snugs. For everything.\" Tom said to him as we all gathered around him. \"You're all right for a space maggot. I'm gonna miss you.\" I smiled down at him. \"Miss him?\" Hannah asked. I gave her a confused look. It wasn't like he was going to stay. \"He's staying here with us.\" She said, she knelt down and looked at Snugs. \"Please don't go. You can stay here and be part of our family.\" She said. Hannah wanted a pet alien? Why doesn't that surprise me? Rory smiled as he pulled out a picture of him and his family \"Hannah, I think he already has a family.\" She said. Sparks smiled at her. \"My family.\" He said. She chuckled. \"All right. Let's get you back up to your ship.\" Tom said. Snugs nodded and we all walked back into the house. We walked upstairs and into the attic. We climbed out the window and looked at Snugs one more time. Hannah knelt down and handed him her sock monkey. He smiled and took it from her. \"Goodbye Hannah.\" He said, he reached up and hugged her. \"Aw..\" Rory whispered. I hugged her tighter to me. They let go of each other and Hannah ran to Bethany. Snuggles got into his spaceship and flew away \"I'm gonna miss him.\" Rory said. \"We all are.\" Beth agreed. She nodded back and we all went back inside. \"Okay Rory, we need to clean you up.\" Beth said as we walked into our room. \"How come I'm the only one who was injured this bad?\" She asked, I laughed as Tom went to get the kit. He came back in and started wiping off the blood. I helped. \"Man, these are really deep…\" He muttered examining them closely. I nodded in agreement. \"So? Just throw a Band-Aid on it and get it over with.\" She said.. \"No, Rory…. I think you need stitches.\" He replied. Her eyes grew wide. \"I don't think so!\" She snapped. \"Rory, you need too,\" I said. She shook her head defiantly. I sighed and held her down. \"Tom. Go get the adults.\" I instructed. She kicked and squirmed, but I kept her still. \"What's going on?\" Aunt Nina asked, walking in. \"Well Rory was trying to get something under the bed, and these nails that were sticking out cut her leg open.\" I explained, pointing to the three nails under Tom's bed. They actually were sticking out. Aunt Nina sighed. \"You haven't even been here a day and you already need a trip to the hospital. Let's go.\" She said. Rory sulked as I picked her up and carried her to the car. We got her stitched up and left the hospital. \"Adults are so oblivious...\" Rory muttered as we walked into the house. I had held her hand the entire time and none of the adults said a word. I laughed and nodded in agreement. When we got back to the house, us kids went upstairs while the adults stayed downstairs. \"Okay, I think we can all agree that what's happened today can't be told to anyone!\" Tom said. \"Psh, yeah... Like anyone would anyone would believe us.\" Rory scoffed. \"Let's all swear we won't tell anyone.\" Tom said. We all exchagned looks and nodded. \"We swear.\" The twins said. \"I promise.\" Rory said. \"Scouts honor.\" I agreed. \"I swear.\" Beth said. \"Me too.\" Hannah agreed. After that, everyone left to their respective rooms and we climbed into bed. Rory was out within second. \"Jake? You up?\" Tom asked. \"Yeah, what's up?\" I replied. \"Don't hurt Rory.\" He said. I laughed. \"I promise I won't.\" I said. \"You better not.\" He warned I nodded and slowly drifted to sleep. That's the final chapter. (: Tell me what you think? Like? Hate? I think it was terrible. But that's just me. The sequal will pick up at the end of the movie, it will include 'Funky Ricky' and the fishing scene. I need help with the title, so suggestions are welcome(: It will show what happens the rest of the summer, and during the school year, so it will be longer than this. R&R;(: ","Summary":" One Heck Of A Summer. Jake/OC. Summary: Summer vacation, a time for friends, family, and just havin"},{"Movie":"Butterfly Effect","Title":"The Butterfly Effect 0","Author":"Michael2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3210906","Passage":"[Chapter 1] August 31, 1985 Jason Trebornrnadjusts the timer on the Kodak camera resting on the steel tripod andrnmakes a last-second check to see if the film reel had been loadedrnproperly. He looks towards his wife and son, both sitting on a benchrnin a public park. \"Get ready,\" hernsays. \"Camera's gonna flash in ten seconds.\" He sits, with hisrnarm around his wife and his son sitting on his lap. This Saturday isrna special treat for him, a temporary getaway from the hecticrnpressures of his job. A job in which he is very good at, where hisrnboss and co-workers say that he is without peer. He pushes thosernthoughts aside. Today, they do not exist. The Kodak flashesrnprecisely on schedule. Jason suddenly looksrnaround. \"I made it!\" hernsays. \"I'm back. I won't let those bastards ruin everything.\" \"What's goingrnon?\" asks his wife. \"I'm gonna makernsure no one takes away my company. I just need a pen and pa-aww!\" He suddenly clutchesrnhis head, which pounds like jackhammers. Blood trickles down hisrnnose. He then fallsrnforward. \"Jason!\" yellsrnhis wife. \"Someone call 911!\"[Chapter 2] September 13, 1964 Jason Treborn looksrnaround and knows that something is not right. He looks at thernkitchen. At present, there is only a dining table and arnrefrigerator. Walking over to the dining table and climbing up thernchair, he sees crumbs of a birthday cake. \"Where they go?\"rnasks the new five-year-old. A boy, aboutrnthirteen years of age, looks at Jason from the kitchen. \"They wentrnhome,\" he says. \"They leave afterrnI blow candles? They no say goodbye? Why they go, Scott?\" \"They were herernfor a couple of hours,\" replies Scott. \"What about myrnpresents?\" \"You unwrappedrnthem. I helped you put them in your room. Your five years oldrnalready; you should remember.\" \"I didn't unwraprnpresents yet.\" \"What's goingrnon?\" asks a voice coming from a clearly older man. \"Jason's playingrnsome sort of game, Dad,\" says Scott. \"He's pretending he missedrnhis birthday party or something.\" \"Is he?\" asksrnChris Treborn. The thirty-seven-year-old man approaches his youngerrnson. \"How was your birthday party?\" \"Everyone come,\"rnsays Jason. \"I blow candle and they go away.\" \"Don't yournremember playing pin-the-tail-on-the-donkey.\" \"No. Why everyonerngo home? No fun?\" Chris staresrnsilently. \"What is it, Dad?\"rnasks Scott. \"I don't know.\" \"Listen, Dad, I'mrngonna go with Mike tonight to catch a movie.\" \"You need a ride?\" \"His brother'srndriving us.\" \"Mike'srnbrother's only 16!\" \"Hey, Dad!\"rnprotests Scott. \"That's old enough to drive.\" \"Why can'trnMike's dad drive you? Why can't I drive you?\" \"Mike'srnbrother's not a bad driver. You know he sometimes gives me and Mikerna ride home from school.\" \"What movie arernyou going to see, Scott?\" \"Uh, Clash byrnNight ,\" replies Scott. \"That's anrnR-rated movie!\" says Chris. \"Come on. Some ofrnmy friends saw it and they said it was cool.\" \"Why can't yournwatch something more appropriate like Mary Poppins ?\" \"That's forrnlittle kids like Jason.\" \"At least it'srnnot violent.\" \"Oh yeah? You tookrnJason to see that Incredible Mr. Limpet movie and saw a bunchrnof submarines got blown up.\" \"That's enough,rnScott. You are not seeing that movie.\" \"Whatever.\" oooooooooooooooooo That evening, Chrisrnenters his bedroom from the master bathroom. He sees his wifernLucinda, brushing her blond tresses as she looks in the mirror. \"I heard yournarguing with Scott,\" says Lucinda. \"Scott wanted tornsee some inappropriate movie,\" replies Chris. \"He's justrnpushing his boundaries. But I'm worried about Jason.\" \"Jason wanted tornsee the movie?\" Chris lies down onrnthe bed. \"He said that he doesn't remember his birthday partyrnafter he blew out the candles. He doesn't remember playing any ofrnthe games or unwrapping his presents.\" \"He's only five.rnHe's just playing a game, I guess.\" \"I wish it werernso. But you know my family's history. I'm lucky it hasn'trnaffected me much.\" \"Chris, you can'trnjust think that every little quirk means he needs a shrink.\" \"If it happensrnagain.\" Ooooooooooooooooooo April 24, 1965 Chris signals for arnleft turn in his green 1961 Pontiac as he approaches the SunnyvalernMental Hospital in upstate New York. The massive trees are just nowrnshowing their leaves, after months of snow. The whole trip is aboutrntwo hours from the family home in Connecticut. The car's radio isrncurrently playing a song by the Beatles, a British music band thatrncame to America last year. \"Is this wherernGrandpa is?\" asks Jason, sitting in the back seat. \"Yes,\" saysrnLucinda. \"Why can't therndoctors make him better?\" \"Sometimes theyrncan't, Jason.\" \"Let's go,\"rnsays Chris. The whole familyrnapproaches the brick building where the patients are housed. Thernplace is an inpatient facility for people unable to function inrnsociety due to mental illness. Screams and laughter can be heard fromrneven outside. Chris and his familyrnsit inside one of the waiting rooms. The furniture is old, and thernwooden table is covered with copies of National Geographic and Time . Chris approaches therndesk where a nurse sits. \"Chris Treborn,\" he says. \"My familyrnand I are here to visit Matt Treborn.\" The nurse looksrnthrough some cardboard index cards. \"Ah, Mr. Treborn,\" she says.rn\"He'll be available in one hour.\" After one hour, anrnorderly in white leads the Treborns outside to an area enclosed by arnbrick wall. Several stone becches and tables sit in a sea of grass.rnSeveral patients are already outside, those deemed not to be a dangerrnto others, some of them feeding cats. Two men approach thernfamily. One of them is a tall man in a white lab coat. The other isrnan older man, about sixty years of age. \"Mr. Treborn,\"rnsays the man in the white coat. \"Who's the little boy?\" \"My younger son,rnJason,\" replies Chris. \"This is his first time meeting hisrngrandpa.\" \"Hello, Jason,\"rnsays the man in the white coat. \"I am Dr. Emmett Von Braun. I'mrnyour grandpa's caretaker.\" \"Ah, Jason,\"rnsays the other man, bending down. \"I remember when Chris andrnLucinda brought you over. You played hide and seek with the staff. Itrnwas only a few months before that whole situation with those missilesrnin Cuba turned into complete shit. At least it's good to know yournmade it.\" \"Does he stillrntalk about the future?\" asks Lucinda. \"Ah, no,\"rnreplies Dr. Von Braun. \"He stopped referring to future events afterrnthat Cuban Missile Crisis was over. Thank God your father-in-law wasrnwrong about that. Of course, he's a lot less interesting withoutrntrying to predict the future. I remember when government agents camernto interview him a few years ago.\" \"That whole thingrnstill scares me,\" says Scott. \"We almost blew ourselves up.\" \"We did do that,\"rnMatt says to his grandson. \"It was something that had to be done.rnOf course, that bastard vice president Kennedy had me committed here.rnSo what if I ended up in a coma for a few years? That's no reasonrnto remove me!\" \"Let's put thernpast behind us, Dad,\" says Chris. Ooooooooooooooo A few hours later,rnthe Treborns walk back to their car parked in the parking lot. \"How did you likernvisiting?\" asks Chris. \"He don't seemrnsick to me,\" replies Jason. \"I don't knowrnwhy we should bother to visit him,\" says Scott. \"He's just arncrazy old man.\" \"Don't you speakrnabout your grandpa like that,\" scolds Chris, unlocking the door tornthe Pontiac. \"He's sick and you might get sick like that too.\" \"Whatever.\" oooooooooooo September 13,rn1969 Ten-year-old JasonrnTreborn looks around and wonders where the hell he is. Below him isrnbare dirt. Around him steel columns and pipes and a wall. He looks around forrnan opening. Crawling through the dirt, he finds an opening. Hernemerges to an enclosed space. Grass covers the ground. An oak treerngrows in the center, with a rope tied to a tree and a Goodyear tirernhanging from the rope. Apparently he had been under the crawl spacernunder the back porch. He had no idea of how he got there. The lastrnthing he remembers clearly is blowing out the candles on his birthdayrncake. \"Whatchu doingrndown there, Ja-shun?\" asks a three-year-old girl. \"I…I don'trnknow,\" he says to his younger sister, Meaghan. \"Jason,\" saysrnthe voice of a boy about his age. \"Everyone's inside!\" \"Coming, Neil,\"rnhe calls out. Oooooooooooooo December 25, 1969 Chris and LucindarnTreborn celebrate Christmas at Lucinda's mother's house a fewrnmiles from Mobile, Alabama. They and their children are there withrnLucinda's siblings, siblings-in-law, nieces, and nephews. Many ofrnLucinda's relatives talk with the regional accent. A Philco radiornplays Christmas music. Christmas presentsrnare unwrapped near the Christmas tree. \"A doll!\" saysrnthree-year-old Meaghan Treborn. \"Thank Gramma.\" All of the Christmasrnpresents are unwrapped. Scott Treborn smiles. He tries his best notrnto think about a possible deployment to Vietnam; he is on leave fromrnthe United States Army. \"Look what we havernhere,\" says Lucinda's brother. \"An old Christmas photo albumrnfrom '61!\" \"Yeah,\" says onernof Lucinda's brothers-in-law. \"Before all them hippies and shit.\" \"Can I see?\"rnJason asks his uncle. \"Sure you can.\" Jason looks at thernphotos. He recognizes his mom and dad and Scott. There are nornpictures of Meaghan since she wasn't born yet. He sees a picture ofrnhimself. He was two at the time. He smiles, amazed that he lookedrnlike that once. He then seems tornfall. He then looks aroundrnand notices something is wrong. \"What the?\" hernasks. It is the samernplace, all right. The decorations are different. He sees his parents.rnWalking to them, he notices that they are a lot taller. His grandmarnis also a lot taller, as is his uncles and aunts. He wonders if hernhad shrunk somehow. Everything in the room appears to be bigger. His parents, uncles,rnand aunts gather for a picture. He looks and sees his brother Scott,rnwho appears to be somewhat taller. He notices thatrnScott appears to be a lot younger, in fact, he looks as he did inrnpictures taken when he was ten. He sees some of hisrncousins – Fred, Eric, Mary, Sue, and Chuck – and they all appearrnmuch younger than they should. \"Scott,\" hernsays. \"Is that you? What the hell happened? Why is everyone so big?rnWhy are you so young?\" And then Jason findsrnhimself looking at the photo album again. He looks around. He seesrnhis older brother, who again appears to be eighteen. He looks around.rnNothing seems to be out of place. \"Can I see?\"rnasks a five-year-old boy whose name is Zack. Jason gives thernalbum to his cousin and stands up, placing his hand on his face. Hernsees red on his finger. Rubbing his finger, he finds out it is blood.rnHe walks and gets a Kleenex tissue to wipe his nose. There is a smallrnamount of blood in the tissue. He throws the tissuernaway and goes back to the living room.[Chapter 3] April 5, 1976 \"And that will bernyour long-term assignment,\" says Mrs. Mallory. \"You will makernyour presentation in three weeks. It's a third of your grade, sorndon't procrastinate.\" A bell rings, andrnthe students of her class walk out of the classroom and out to lunch.rnAmong those students is sixteen-year-old Jason Treborn. He looks down thernhallway and sees a boy with slick black hair. \"Neil,\" he callsrnout. \"Yeah,\" says hisrnlongtime friend Neil Cross. The two boys head out into the quad,rnwhere hundreds of students in this high school in Connecticut arerngetting their meals under a cloudy sky. \"Mallory gave mernthis assignment about learning my family history,\" says Jason. \"So you have tornask your dad for help?\" asks Neil. \"Yeah, I guess.\" \"I've somernbusiness to take care of.\" Neil approaches arntall boy sitting on a bench under a huge maple tree, its leavesrnbeginning to turn red. He hands the boy a slip of paper. \"Here you go,rnCross,\" says the boy, handing Neil some money. \"Just like Irnpromised.\" \"Thanks,\"rnreplies Neil. The boy then comesrnacross Jason. \"Better luck nextrntime, Treborn,\" he says, before seeing a girl with long dark hair.rnHe puts his arm around her waist, turning his attention to otherrnmatters. \"Don't worryrnabout it,\" says Neil, approaching the school cafeteria. Oooooooooooooooo Jason walks into therncorner grocery store. It is a small store, selling food and candy andrnsoda and cigarettes and, of course, liquor. \"Hey Dad,\" hernsays. \"Hi, Jason,\"rnreplies Chris Treborn, who had owned and operated this store for asrnlong as Jason could remember. \"How was school?\" \"Okay, I guess,\"rnsays Jason. \"My teacher's giving me this stupid assignment.\" \"About what?\"rnasks Chris. \"Family history. Irnhave to make a stupid report.\" \"So you need ourrnhelp?\" \"Yeah. But I don'trnwant to visit grandpa in the loony bin.\" \"He is family,rnJason. But so are we. And your brother and I are part of history. Irncame back from Korea, and your brother Scott came back from Vietnam.\" \"I just don'trnlike history,\" says Jason, leaning back against a glassrnrefrigerator door. \"It's importantrnto learn about the past,\" says his father. \"It can teach usrnlessons. I've learned from my family history, and so should you.rnCome, I'll help you. And your mom can help you with her side of thernfamily. Did you know her great grandpa served under General Lee?\" \"Sure.\" \"I have some stuffrnin the attic. I can get it for you after I close up shop.\" Oooooooooooooo Chris Treborn stepsrndown from the wooden ladder with several dusty cardboard boxes, likernancient artifacts exhumed from an Egyptian pharaoh's tomb. He walksrnover to Jason's room. \"So that's it?\"rnasks his son. \"I did research onrnfamily history a couple of years ago,\" says Chris. \"And I suppose Irncan copy your report?\" \"Jason, you canrnread the materials, but you'll have to type the report on your own.rnI'll try to get the stuff about your mom's family later. When'srnit due?\" \"The end of April.rnMy teacher, Mrs. Mallory, said it would be a third of my grade.\" \"You're a goodrnstudent, Jason.\" \"I made the honorrnroll the past two years. I'm beginning to hear from colleges allrnacross the country.\" \"Just get yourrnwork done.\" As Jason takes therndusty papers out of the cardboard boxes, he thinks of certain thingsrnhe would rather do, such as going to the theater and watching a moviernlike All the President's Men or Sky Riders . Of course, Jasonrnthinks , Neil and the others have a shitload of homework, so it'srnnot as if I have anyone to go with . He looks at thernpapers before him. He can read old notes about Ezekiel Treborn, whornwas one of the Pilgrims that came on the Mayflower centuriesrnago, settling in what would become Boston, Massachussetts. Ezekiel'srnsickness is something that can only be described as a curse from thernDevil. He speaks like a soothsayer or prophet. Indeed, every one ofrnhis prophecies came true. But he can not learn anything new. When hernwakes up, it is as if he had been asleep for thirteen years. I have spoken with the pastor. Even he can notrnsay if this is a punishment from the Lord, or if the Lord is allowingrnSatan to do this to test our faith. The passage wasrnwritten by Ezekiel's wife. Jason continues tornread about Ezekiel's descendants. There were a few notes that standrnout. \"Holy shit,\" hernwhispers. \"I have some of myrnpictures and notes from when I was in Korea,\" says his father,rnwalking into the bedroom. \"I'll call Scott and ask if he can sendrnsome stuff about his service in Vietnam.\" \"Thanks, Dad,\"rnreplies Jason. \"I'll copy these notes and put the boxes back inrnthe attic.\" As Jason copies thernnotes, he figures there is one person whom he can talk to. Oooooooooooooo April 10, 1976 Matthew Trebornrnwakes up. As his eyes focus, he can make out his surroundings. Hernseems to be in a strange, unfamiliar room. A carpet covers the floor,rnand there is a dresser. He wonders if he isrnstill in an underground bunker. His question is answered when hernlooks out the window and sees trees blooming in the spring. Peoplernwalk, stand, or sit outside, all wearing sweaters. \"I must have donernit,\" he says. \"But why can't I remember how?\" Pushing away hisrnmost recent memories, he walks through a wooden door. Inside is arnbathroom, with a toilet and shower stall. The sight thatrngreets him in the mirror is that of a man in his eighties, with whiternhair and wrinkles. \"What happened?\"rnhe asks. The last thing hernremembers, he was in an underground bunker, looking through some oldrnphotos. He can not remember exactly what happened, due to the chaosrnof that day. \"You're awake,\"rnsays a female voice. Matt looks and seesrna woman with black hair; she looks as if she were born in Japan orrnChina. \"Why do I lookrnold?\" he asks. He touches his throat. He sounds old, too. \"Dr. Von Braunrnwill be with you; I'm new here. He's more familiar with your casernthan I am. Would you like to have breakfast, sir?\" Matt is escorted torna cafeteria, much like the one in that underground bunker in WestrnVirginia. Breakfast is simple- scrambled eggs, bacon, Kellogg'srnCorn Flakes. As he eats his breakfast, he does not recognize any ofrnthe faces. A color television is on. At least thernworld did not blow up , he thinks. Another orderly- arnman with red hair- approaches. \"Mr. Treborn,\"rnhe says. \"Dr. Von Braun will be seeing you.\" He is then led intornan office, sitting on a chair. A wooden desk is the centerpiece, andrna Smith-Corona typewriter dominates the desktop. Framed diplomas hangrnon the wall. He glances at arncalendar, seeing color photographic images of various nature scenes. What catches hisrneye, though, is the year on the calendar. 1976. \"What the hell?\"rnhe asks. \"How did I get to the future?\" Two men enter thernroom. One of them is tall, with graying blond hair, who appears to bernin his late fifties or early sixties. The other man appears to be nornolder than thirty, and handsome. \"Mr. Treborn,\"rnsays the older man. \"I am Dr. Emmett Von Braun. This is one of ourrninterns, Dr. Harlon Redfield.\" \"Hello, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says Dr. Redfield. \"Could you tell mernwhat happened?\" asks Matt. \"You were in arncoma,\" says Dr. Von Braun. \"It is now April 10, 1976.\" \"1976? And I justrnwoke up from it?\" \"More or less,\"rnsays Dr. Von Braun. \"How do you feel?\" \"Tired, but Irnguess I should, considering that I'm eighty.\" \"Mr. Treborn,rnyou're in the Sunnyvale Institution in upstate New York. It's arnspecial institution for people like you.\" \"If it's 1976, Irnguess I'm not running things anymore.\" \"You do have arnscheduled visitor,\" says Dr. Von Braun. \"Your grandson, Jason.\" \"Jason?\" asksrnMatt. \"Oh, that's Chris's boy. He has a brother named Scott,rnright?\" \"Right.\" \"I remember them.\" \"We'll let yournknow when your grandson comes,\" says Dr. Redfield. As the twornpsychiatrists leave, Dr. Redfield asks, \"How could Matthew Trebornrnknow about his grandson if he was hospitalized before his grandsonrnwas born? Or did he develop his condition later?\" \"He had thisrncondition since he was here,\" says Von Braun. \"But his conditionrnis quite unique. I'll explain later.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Oooooooooooo Jason Treborn parksrnthe green 1961 Pontiac in the parking lot of the SunnyvalernInstitution. The place is familiar to him, as he had been here arncouple of times to visit his grandfather. This is the first time hernhas been here alone. Not for the first time though, he wishes herncould have used his dad's more recent car, a 1968 Cadillac. Thernengine is noisier than normal. He walks into thernreception area, which looks pretty much the same as before, exceptrnthe copies of National Geographic and Time are morerncurrent. He tells the nursernthat he is waiting for Matt Treborn. Minutes later, two doctorsrnapproach. They introduce themselves as Dr. Von Braun and Dr.rnRedfield. \"Your grandfatherrnis in a visiting room,\" says Dr. Von Braun. \"Your father did notrncome?\" \"Uh, no. Actually,rnthis is for a homework assignment. I came alone.\" \"He must trust yournto drive all the way from Connecticut.\" \"It's only twornhours, and our town's right at the stateline. So what is hisrncondition?\" \"We know he hasrnanterograde amnesia,\" says Dr. Redfield. \"It means he can'trnform any new memories. But what is weird is that he has all thesernfalse memories, memories of events that apparently occurred duringrnhis stay here, as if he was living a different life.\" Jason enters a smallrnroom, covered in carpet, with some wooden tables. A bookcase withrnbooks stands in a corner. \"Hi, Grandpa,\"rnhe says to Matt, sitting at a table. \"So you'rernJason,\" says Matt. \"You've grown quite a bit, although I guessrnit was what, thirteen years?\" \"How are yournfeeling?\" \"I'm stillrntrying to adjust. This is my first day here, and my grandsons grewrnfrom a toddler to a teenager overnight.\" \"Practically, Irnguess.\" \"Why isn't yourrnfather here?\" \"He has otherrnbusiness,\" says Jason. \"What do you remember?\" \"Why are yournasking me? Shouldn't I be in the history books?\" \"History books?\" \"Yeah. If it'srn1976 now, my name should be in the history books by now. After all, Irnled a nation through its greatest crisis. And we obviously survived.\" \"I'd like tornhear it from you.\" \"Ah, the definingrnmoment. The Soviets placed some of their missiles in Cuba. I had torndo something. I ordered the bombing of the missile sites and thernCuban capital. Don't know if Castro made it. But the Soviets, theyrndecided to retaliate. They struck us, we struck back.\" \"What happenedrnafterwards?\" asks Jason, curious about the story his grandfatherrnwas telling. \"I..I'm notrnsure. I remember being evacuated to a bunker constructed from anrnabandoned mine somewhere in West Virginia. After that, I ended uprnhere, I guess. I suppose we survived.\" \"I guess so.\" \"You ever lookedrninto a photograph, Jason? Ever really gazed at it?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" \"Ever notice thatrnsometimes, when you look at a photograph, you find yourself backrnthere when the picture was taken?\" \"Uh, yeah, nowrnthat I think of it,\" answers Jason, thinking it is a weirdrnquestion. \"Those are doorsrninto the past. Anyway, how are your parents and brother doing?\" \"Fine,\" repliesrnJason. \"In fact, Scott's getting married next month. I met hisrnfiancé Dana, she's such a sweet girl.\" \"At least thernworld's still going on even after what happened.\" \"Uh, thanks,rnGrandpa. I'd better call home and tell them I'm leaving.\" \"Goodbye, Jason,\"rnsays Matt. Jason walks to a payrnphone to call his home. Ooooooooooooo \"Matthew Trebornrnis one of our most interesting cases,\" says Dr. Von Braun as he andrnDr. Redfield walk through the yard. \"In fact, we're treating himrnpro bono.\" \"Imagine not beingrnable to remember anything new,\" says Redfield. \"It would be likernbeing stuck in the present. You wake up one day and find out you'rerna hundred?\" \"That's not all,rnRedfield. I've been his doctor for twenty-eight years now. In thernearly years he had memories from the future.\" \"The future?\"rnasks Redfield, clearly surprised. \"He spoke aboutrnfuture events, about his children being older than they are.\" \"And what did hernsay?\" Von Braun looks through some files that he is carrying. \"The first time hernmentioned having a grandson named Jason was back in 1950, I think.rnBack then, he had no grandson by that name.\" \"But he has arngrandson by that name now.\" \"Yes. JasonrnTreborn appears to be sixteen or seventeen, I'd guess. I did askrnhim about world history.\" \"And what did hernsay?\" \"He mentioned thernRussians launching Sputnik in 1957, a full seven years before itrnhappened . He mentioned the U2 spy plane incident in 1953, whichrnhappened in 1960. There are so many predictions he made. I have more of themrnin his file down at Records.\" \"What does he sayrnabout the future now?\" asks Dr. Redfield, curious. \"Who's gonnarnwin the World Series this year.\" \"He no longerrnmakes predictions. He stopped around October of 1962, after the CubanrnMissile Crisis. His prediction about that was wrong; he predicted arnnuclear holocaust.\" \"Wow.\" \"I made sure tornstore up on canned goods, even bought a few rifles. I dreaded thatrnday. I was relieved when it was all over. I suppose maybe it wasrnbecause Kennedy was running things. Matt remembers that he wasrnrunning things.\" \"Another falsernmemory,\" says Redfield. \"Maybe,\" saysrnDr. Von Braun. \"Anyway, I might have you as his alternate doctorrnwhen I'm not available.\" \"Are you kidding,rnsir? This patient is an opportunity. There's none like him!\" ooooooooooooooo \"How was yourrnvisit with Grandpa?\" asks Lucinda Treborn, looking into her son'srnbedroom. \"Fine, Mom,\"rnreplies Jason. \"He had a lot of stuff to say.\" \"He doesn't knowrnreality, Jason. It's sad, really.\" The telephone in thernroom rings after Lucinda closes the door. Picking up the handset,rnJason answers. \"Hello?\" hernasks. \"Hi, Jason,\"rnsays Neil Cross. \"What are you up to?\" \"I have tornresearch this stupid assignment about my family history. It's forrnmy English class.\" \"Yeah, Irnunderstand. I have to do this history report on the effects ofrnnuclear weapons on history. It's a quarter of my grade.\" \"It's a third of my grade.\" \"I guess we won'trnbe seeing much of each other except at school.\" \"See you later,rnthen.\" Jason hangs up thernphone. He takes some pictures. He looks at one of the photographs. Itrnis a picture of him and Neil, standing before a car. On the back is arncaption. Neil's First Car, 1972 Chevy Vega 10/25/75 Jason looks at thernpicture. While the car is not exactly brand new, it is eleven yearsrnnewer than the Pontiac that he is driving. He remembers the event. Hernhad gone over to Neil's to study for an upcoming test, and theyrndecided to pose with Neil's car. The picture suddenlyrnblurs. Jason wonders if something is wrong with his eyes. And then he noticesrnthe air smells different. He also noticesrnincreased brightness. He is not in hisrnroom. It is daytime, andrnhe is looking at a girl holding a Nikon camera and wearing a BradburyrnUniversity T-shirt. She lowers the camera, revealing her face. That is Neil'srnolder sister. He looks and seesrnhis friend Neil, and behind him is a yellow Chevrolet Vega, sittingrnon a driveway. \"Okay, fun'srnover,\" says Neil's sister. \"You two are supposed to study,rnright? Midterms and all?\" \"Yeah,\" saysrnNeil. \"Come on, Jason.\" \"Coming,\" hernreplies. The two of themrnenter into the Cross residence's kitchen. It looks familiar tornJason, as he had been to the Cross home on more than one occasion. Except there is onernthing out of place. \"I thought yournguys got a new refrigerator,\" says Jason. The last time hernremembers being here, the refrigerator was green, not white. \"Uh, no,\" saysrnNeil. \"Want to study here or in my room?\" Jason looks at arnnewspaper sitting on the kitchen table, glancing briefly at thernarticles. He then looks at therndate. October 25, 1975. The boy is confused.rnLast he remembers, it was 1976. Wasrnit a dream or something? Hernfollows Neil. Suddenly, images flash by, sights, sounds, touches, tastes. Andrnthen Jason finds himself back in the room, with the picture ofrnhimself and Neil sitting on his desk, the only light coming from arntable lamp. \"Whatrnthe hell happened?\" he asks. Hernthen recalls what his grandfather had told him. Those (photographs) are doorsrninto the past. Wipingrnblood of his nose, he goes to the closet in the living room for thernphoto album. He looks through the photo album, glancing at thernpictures of himself, his parents, Scott, and more recently, Meaghan. Hernlooks at a picture of him blowing out candles. Howrndo I do this? Hernstares into the picture. It then becomes blurry, jumping at him. Andrnthen he is looking right at a chocolate cake, with fivernblown-outcandles embedded. Happy Birthday, Jason \"I'm five yearsrnold,\" he says. \"Yes, you are,\"rnsays his mother. Jason looks around,rnseeing his father, his brother Scott, his uncles, aunts, some of hisrncousins, and his friend Neil, who is also five years old. Lookingrnaround, the kitchen, the living room, the whole house looks so muchrnbigger. What the hell isrnhappening? \"Why don't wernopen your presents?\" asks his father. \"Uh, sure,\"rnreplies Jason. He starts tearingrnoff the wrappers for the presents his parents, brother, uncles, andrnaunts gave him. Most of them are clothes, and one big present is arndie-cast toy fire truck in its cardboard box. That fire truckrnis still in the garage, he remembers. I'm reliving myrnmemories, my past . Jason eats the cakernand drinks Coke and plays games with his cousins and big brotherrnScott. Will I have tornrelive eleven years of my life? He hopes not. Afterrnall, there are parts of his life he would much like to skip. Around sunsetrneveryone leaves. Jason and his family say goodbye. \"You like thernparty?\" asks Scott. \"Uh, yeah,\"rnreplies Jason. \"It was great, you know. I like the fire truck.\" Scott frowns; hisrnlittle brother never spoke like that before. \"I'll go to thernkitchen to help clean up.\" \"Okay. I hope yournand Dana have…\" And then all fourrnsenses flash before him in rapid succession. And he is once againrnlooking at the photo album. He looks at his hands, which now lookrntypical for a sixteen-year-old boy. \"I can relivernmemories,\" he whispers. He places the photo album back into therncloset. About two hoursrnlater, as he sleeps, one thought occurs to him. How could I haverntold Scott about Dana back then if I didn't meet her yet? His thoughts jumblernas he falls asleep. Oooooooooooo April 17, 1976 Jason feels thernwater flowing across his hands as he washes the breakfast dishes. Hernputs the last of the dishes away. \"What are yourndoing today, Jason?\" asks his ten-year-old sister, Meaghan. \"I'll study forrnthe day, and I'll hang out with my friends tonight,\" replies herrnbrother. \"I have this assignment due at the end of the month, plusrntwo tests.\" \"At least I don'trnhave homework over the weekend.\" \"You will in fourrnyears.\" \"Mom's taking mernto the tailor to fit me for a dress for Scott's wedding. I can'trnwait to go. I never been to California before. Dad said he'll takernus to Disneyland the day after the wedding.\" \"Meaghan,\" callsrnout Lucinda. \"We have an appointment.\" \"Coming, Mom,\"rnshe replies. \"Jason, we have torntake the Pontiac,\" says Lucinda. \"We'll be back thisrnafternoon.\" \"Okay, Mom,\"rnreplies Jason. Once Lucinda andrnMeaghan were gone, he takes the photo album from the closet. He hadrnsome flashbacks with the pictures since his discovery. However, therernare some unresolved questions about the nature of the flashbacks. \"We'll see if myrnhypothesis is correct,\" says Jason. He looks into thernpicture of him blowing out candles. The picture starts to blur. And then he isrnlooking right at a chocolate cake. This one has ten candles on it,rnthough. He sees his parents, his sister Meaghan, aged three, hisrncousins, and his friend Neil, aged ten. All of them are clapping. He skims a newspaperrnlying nearby. The date is September 13, 1969. He walks towards thernhallway. \"Where are yourngoing?\" asks his father. \"To getrnsomething,\" says Jason. He walks into thernbedroom which had been Scott's room. It still has his bed andrnbelongings, instead of being a guest room with only a bed andrndresser. A Beatles poster still hangs on the wall. He takes out arnnotebook which Scott had used until his high school graduation inrn1969. Scott's stillrnstationed stateside, Jason thinks. He hadn't gone to Vietnamrnyet. Tearing out an emptyrnpage, he scribbles a simple note on it. He then walksrntowards the kitchen. Most of the people are still busy talking torneach other. Opening one of the lower cupboards, he finds severalrnempty glass jars. He takes a jar which once had Heinz pickles andrnplaces the note inside. He sneaks out intornthe backyard. Looking around, he finds a hole where he can crawlrnunder the back patio. Below the patio is bare dirt. He spends over arnminute digging a hole deep enough to contain the glass jar. He placesrnthe glass jar in and covers the hole. And then his sensesrnflash rapidly, and he finds himself looking at the photo album again.rnHe can feel something wet dripping from his nose. Checking thernnewspaper to confirm the date, he then goes into the backyard, wherernhe remembers burying the jar. It is a much tighterrnfit, as he is taller than he was six years ago. It takes a while forrnhim to dig into the loose dirt before feeling something solid. Hernlooks and sees glass. After more minutes of digging, he finds it is arnHeinz pickle jar with a piece of paper inside. Holding the jar, hernwriggles his way out from under the patio and goes back into thernkitchen, already excited. He removes the lidrnand takes out the paper. April 17, 1976 September 13, 1969 I was here. Jason Treborn \"Holy shit,\" hernsays. \"I was back.\" He goes to his room,rntaking time to take in exactly what he had been doing. Those otherrntimes, when I found myself in the photographs, I was really therernagain! Ooooooooooooooo April 30, 1976 \"For his braveryrnin the Battle of the Chosin Reservoir, my father, U.S. Marine CorpsrnCorporal Christopher Lucas Treborn, was awarded the DistinguishedrnService Cross,\" says Jason Treborn. \"And my own brother, ScottrnMatthew Treborn, made his own contribution to history, serving in arnwar unpopular at home. While not demonstrating the same bravery asrnour father, he served admirably, being awarded a Silver Star.\" \"Thank you, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says Mrs. Mallory. \"Miss Galt, you will give us yourrnpresentation now.\" Jason reflects onrnthe past month. He had learned a lot about family history – he hadrnbriefly described his great-great-grandfather's service in thernConfederate Army in his report, as well as Ezekiel Treborn's triprnon the Mayflower . And he learned aboutrnhis ability to actually visit the past. He is now interestedrnin history.[Chapter 4] October 15, 1976 The boys' restroomrnis small, with paint peeling from the walls and the faint smell ofrncigarette smoke. A boy is using the American Standard urinal. One of the boys isrninside a stall; he is not using the toilet though. He takes moneyrnfrom boys waiting in a line, handing them slips of paper. \"That's tenrnbucks on the Yankees tomorrow,\" says Jason Treborn. \"And tenrnbucks for the Yankees on Sunday.\" \"Maybe you'llrnget lucky, Treborn,\" says Duke, who is unofficially the bookie forrnthe class of '77. He hands Jason a ticket. \"You haven't gottenrnlucky since junior year.\" \"Everyone'srnbetting on the Yankees,\" says Jason. \"What will you dornif we win?\" asks another boy. \"I mean, if everyone bet on thernYankees, and they win tomorrow, how will you pay us?\" \"I've a cashrnreserve,\" says Duke. \"Besides, you know I always pay winnings.\" Jason leaves thernboys' room just as the bell rings. \"You put money onrnthe Yankees?\" asks Neil Cross. \"Sure did,\" saysrnJason, going to his locker. \"I'd better hurry; I can't be tardyrnfor this class.\" Ooooooooooooooo October 16, 1976 Jason sits down onrnthe couch just a foot away from his dad. The Philco black-and-whiterntelevision is on. Game 1 of the 1976 World Series, between the NewrnYork Yankees and the Cincinnati Reds, is about to begin in RiverfrontrnStadium in Cincinnati, Ohio. \"Dad,\" saysrnJason, \"why can't we have a color TV? Neil's folks have colorrnTV. Even your employees have color TV at their homes.\" \"I'm used tornblack-and-white,\" replies Chris Treborn, opening a bottle ofrnBudweiser beer. Oooooooooooooo \"And it's out!\"rnsays the announcer. \"The Reds win Game 1 of the World Series!\" Jason looks at thernscore. Yankees 1, Reds 5 Maybe I'll bernlucky tomorrow. Ooooooooooooo October 17, 1976 \"The CincinnatirnReds have won Game 2!\" announces the announcer. \"The Reds arerndoing well,\" says Chris. \"They might sweep the whole series.\" \"Shit,\" muttersrnJason, staring at the black-and-white TV. If that baseball playerrnPerez had not gotten that single, the game could have gone into extrarninnings. I only have fivernbucks left. This is setting me back a lot. I just wish I could havernput money on the Reds. A thought occurs tornJason. Wait a minute, Irncan! Ooooooooooooo Jason looks throughrnphotographs, trying to find the most recent ones. Damn! I need tornfind a picture more recent than last New Years' Eve! Looking through therncloset, he finds photo albums. One of them have photos taken of himrnwhen he was much younger. That's too farrnback . He then takesrnanother album. It is titled \"Treborn-Huntley Wedding\". This one is fromrnMay of this year. That's only what, five months ago? It'll havernto do, I guess. There are severalrnpictures, both of the wedding in a church and the reception in arnbeachfront hotel. He looks at one ofrnthe pictures. It is taken outdoors, just outside the church. It is arnpicture of him, with his parents, brother, sister, and sister-in-law. As he stares intornthe picture, he is drawn in. Oooooooooooooo May 29, 1976 Jason sees thernwedding photographer put down the camera. He looks around and seesrnhis father and Scott wearing tuxedoes. The wedding party is allrndecked out in their tuxedoes and gowns. The bride, Dana Treborn, neernHuntley, is wearing her white wedding dress. The headdress covers herrnblond hair. I'm back, hernthinks. I hope I can get the message to myself before I flashrnforward. Jason hangs aroundrnas the wedding guests talk to each other. He sees unfamiliar facesrnshaking hands with the bride and groom. After what seems tornbe a long while, Jason's father leads the family to a car theyrnrented from Hertz, a blue Ford. Chris drives the car through cityrnstreets lined with palm trees. Jason is unfamiliar with the area; allrnhe knows that he is now somewhere near the California coast, one ofrnthe beach cities. The car stops at arnparking lot, and the Treborns get out. Jason looks at a tall,rnfamiliar building. This is the hotel where they stayed – arernstaying - at, and where the reception was – will be – held. They walk throughrnthe lavishly decorated lobby of the hotel. Many of the people in thernlobby are well-dressed, as they had come from the wedding. The Treborns enterrnan elevator and go up to one of the floors. They go through one ofrnthe doors. The room is more like an apartment, with a living roomrnwith color TV and two bedrooms. Jason recognizes this as the suite hernstayed in that May weekend. \"So what are yournplanning to do?\" asks Chris. \"We have about three hours beforernthe reception starts.\" \"Meaghan and Irnneed to have our hair touched up,\" says Lucinda. \"I will stay hererna while,\" says Jason. \"I wanna watchrnTV,\" says Meaghan. \"It's in color.\" \"I'm glad Dana'srnparents are paying for this,\" says Chris. Jason quickly findsrna pen and some hotel stationery. He looks out the window, gazing atrnthe Pacific Ocean. A few hours fromrnnow, he will go to the reception in the ballroom. Tomorrow he will gornto Disneyland with his parents, sister, uncles, aunts, and cousins.rnOn Monday he will be on a plane back to Connecticut. He writes a messagernto his younger self. October 17, 1976 Here are thernresults of the first two games of the 1976 World Series. Game 1 Yankees 1,rnReds 5 Game 2 Yankees 3,rnReds 4 Do not lose this note. Jason Treborn For a minute Jasonrnwonders where he will put the note so that his younger self will findrnit. He decides to put the note into the left pocket of his tuxedornpants. Of course, Irnmight not flash forward like I did before, and I'll have to relivernthe next five months. He continues on asrnbefore. The receptionrnstarts, and Jason sits before a circular, cloth-covered table in thernhotel's ballroom. In the center of the table is a candle, andrnfolded cardboard rectangles bear names. Sitting with him are two ofrnhis cousins. My younger selfrnwill definitely be disoriented. At least he's been to the pastrnbefore. \"So how are yourndoing?\" asks his cousin Fred, a young man of about eighteen. \"Fine,\" Jasonrnanswers. \"It's nice to get away from Connecticut, and it's goodrnmy brother's married and all.\" He looks around asrnthe wedding guests speak to each other. He notices that they arerntalking faster. Then, all sorts ofrnsights, sounds, tastes, smells, and touches flash by even as timernseems to stand still. Oooooooooooooo October 17, 1976 Jason Treborn findsrnhimself back in his room. On his desk is the wedding album he hadrnbeen looking at. He looks at the sliprnthat Duke had given him. \"Yes!\" he saysrnin glee. \"It worked!\" oooooooooooooo October 18, 1976 Duke stands in thernoutdoor lunch area just outside the cafeteria. Crowds of his fellowrnhigh school students make their way as they eat their lunch. \"Well, well,rnwell,\" says Jason. \"Look who's here.\" \"Treborn.\" saysrnDuke. \"Guess who bet onrnthe Reds on both games?\" Jason shows his ticket. \"That's sixtyrndollars, I believe.\" \"Yeah,\" saysrnDuke. He grimaces as he pays Jason. Paying sixty dollars stings, butrnnot paying means he goes out of business here. \"Better spend itrnsoon. With inflation and all, it will probably be worth half as muchrnnext year.\" Jason walks towardsrnthe cafeteria, smiling. It is the easiest sixty dollars he had everrnmade. Possibilities swirl through his head like clouds around the eyernof a maelstrom. Ooooooooooooooo November 26, 1976 \"Are we gonna seernGrandpa again?\" asks Jason upon hearing what his mother Lucinda hadrntold him. \"We could seernhim,\" replies Lucinda. \"We're actually going there for yourrnappointment.\" \"My appointment?\" \"You don'trnremember? We had you stay there overnight after your brother'srnwedding. You were confused and disoriented, not knowing how you gotrnto the reception. You better get dressed now, we have an appointmentrnat one and it's a two hour drive there.\" Oooooooooooooo Lucinda drives Jasonrnto the Sunnyvale Institution. Mother and son wait in one of thernwaiting rooms. Jason flips through the pages of a copy of BusinessWeek as he sits down on the couch \"The doctor willrnsee you,\" says a medical assistant. Jason and Lucindarnenter a small office. \"Dr. Von Braunrnisn't available,\" says the man. \"I'm Dr. Redfield, one of therninterns. I'm quite capable of advising you on this matter.\" \"I remember you,\"rnsays Jason. \"Well, that'srngreat.\" \"What's thisrnabout?\" \"It's about yourrnmemory, Jason.\" \"It seems fine,rnDoctor.\" \"That memory gaprnyou had was only five months ago. And according to your records, yournexperienced these blackouts when you were younger.\" \"I did? Well, Irnguess I wouldn't remember.\" \"Is everythingrnokay going at school?\" \"Well, yeah. Irnmanage to turn in my assignments; I can't say the same for myrnclassmates; maybe they need to see you.\" \"At least you keeprnyour sense of humor. Perhaps your brother's wedding was simply arntime of extreme stress.\" \"Are you kidding?\"rnasks Jason. \"I had to go dress up, get fitted, go to the receptionrnand watch the picture slide. And just yesterday we had Thanksgivingrndinner. Scott and his wife Dana came over from California, and I wasrnassigned to help Mom prepare everything. I can't remember how Irncould have gotten through it.\" \"Most of usrnwouldn't.\" \"Dr. Redfield,rndoes Jason have a memory problem like his grandfather?\" \"I don't thinkrnso, Mrs. Treborn,\" says Dr. Redfield. \"He doesn't show the samernsymptoms, including a fantasy memory of the future and the inabilityrnto form new long-term memories. Of course, it would help if we hadrnbetter equipment than what we have now.\" \"Maybe you will inrnten years,\" suggests Jason. \"You know thernfuture?\" asks the psychiatric intern. \"Medicalrntechnology is advancing; anyone who can read a newspaper or evenrnremembers what it was like to go to the doctor ten years ago can seernthat.\" \"I guess. I don'trnthink follow-ups are necessary as long as you don't have morernsymptoms.\" About an hour later,rnas Jason sits in the front seat of the green 1961 Pontiac, he beginsrnthinking. What if thosernblackouts were caused by my reliving the past? It has to be, since myrnyounger self would be displaced when I'm in the past. I'd betterrnlearn to make sure how to adjust quickly if I'm displaced by myrnolder self. oooooooooooooooo January 1, 1977 Jason looks around,rndisoriented. He is now sitting down on a couch, not knowing how herngot there. He also notices that there are fewer people here thanrnthere were the last time that he can remember. He walks to thernkitchen where the New Year's Eve party is being held. Less than arnhandful of people are in the room, all in their mid to late teens.rnThe kitchen windows are covered with icy frost on the outside. He looks at therntime; it is 1:24 AM. What the hell?rnLast I remember, we just rang in the new year. Hank's dad took arnpicture, and now it's 1:24? \"You okay?\" asksrna girl wearing a wool sweater. \"Uh, yeah,\" hernreplies. \"Where did Neil go?\" \"He went homernfifteen minutes ago.\" Jason wonders if hernshould call his parents. They do want him back by two o'clock, butrnthen again the roads might be icy. Reaching into hisrnleft pocket, he pulls out a piece of paper and reads it. Oooooooooooooooo January 10, 1977 \"Here you go,rnTreborn,\" says Duke. \"Eighty dollars.\" \"Pleasure doingrnbusiness with you, Duke,\" replies Jason as he walks away, dressedrnin a heavy coat. He had just put money on the Oakland Raiders, whornwon Super Bowl XI at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California againstrnthe Minnesota Vikings yesterday, 32-14. Fred Biletnikoff had beenrnnamed Super Bowl MVP, despite not scoring any touchdowns. Of course, goingrnback to the New Year's Eve party to leave myself a note certainlyrnhelped. Life is indeedrnlooking up for the seventeen-year-old. Ooooooooooooooo June 10, 1977 Clad in a cap andrngown, Jason Treborn shakes the hand of the high school principalrnbefore going back to his seat. He and about three hundred otherrnstudents are here for the commencement ceremony of their high schoolrngraduation, sitting on foldaway chairs in the middle of the highrnschool's athletic field. Jason smiles, optimistic about his future.rnHigh above the clear blue sky, the sun shines. \"The future isrnwhatever you make of it,\" says the principal, finishing therncommencement speech. \"I bid good luck to the Class of 1977.\" And then thernstudents of the Class of 1977 throw their squarish caps high into thernair even as their families take pictures. Jason walks to thernbleachers, set up for this very event, to meet his family. \"Congratulations,\"rnsays Chris. \"Thanks.\" \"How does itrnfeel?\" asks Dana Treborn, the wife of Jason's older brotherrnScott. \"Like there's arnnew chapter in my life, you know.\" Jason notices the bulge inrnDana's belly. \"I guess I can go on vacation for a while, mayberntravel, before I start college.\" \"You got thatrnscholarship,\" says Lucinda. \"Come on,\" saysrnScott. \"We'd better take your picture.\" Oooooooooooo Jason suddenly findsrnhimself somewhere else. He is looking directly at a towel. Lookingrnaround, he finds that he in the bathroom, sitting on a toilet. After flushing therntoilet and washing his hands with soap, Jason goes to his bedroom.rnThe time is 4:30, about six hours after the graduation ceremony wasrnheld. He looks through thernnotebook which he had used during his senior year in high school,rnwhich had just ended. Flipping through the pages, he finds a noternfrom his older self, in his own recognizable handwriting, datedrnDecember 23, 1977. The note mentionsrnthe winners of the six games of the 1977 World Series between the NewrnYork Yankees and the Los Angeles Dodgers four months from now. Jasonrnnotes that the Yankees will win the series this year, unlike lastrnyear. Below the paragraphrnforetelling the winner of this year's World Series is a list ofrnabbreviations, with numbers next to them. Written above this list isrnthe underlined title Stock Quotes 12/ 22/1977 Stock prices, he ponders. Plenty of possibilities.[Chapter 5] August 28, 1977 \"Take care,rnJason,\" says Lucinda Treborn. \"I will, Mom,\"rnreplies Jason Treborn. He watches as hisrnparents leave the dorm room. He lies down on the solitary bed. Thisrnis his first night living away from his parents. He had brought arnsuitcase full of clothes with him, currently sitting on the floor.rnThe dorm room is small, with only two beds- the other bed belongingrnto a roommate, Charles Heppleman. He turns on arnMagnavox television, which he had purchased with money he won bettingrnon sporting events. He sees an image, in color . He smiles. He canrnget used to this. It is a lot better than watching thernblack-and-white Philco back home. He wonders if Scott had felt thernsame way when he had moved away from his parents. No, hernthinks. Scott was awakened at 5 A.M. every day by some loudmouthrnsergeant. \"You okay inrnthere?\" asks a female voice. Jason looks and seesrna woman with long brown hair, appearing to be no older than her earlyrntwenties. He had met her a few hours ago, when he first arrived inrnthe dorm room; she is the resident advisor. \"Fine, Andrea,\"rnhe says. \"I'm just settling in.\" \"I know what it'srnlike,\" replies Andrea. \"First moving away from home. What'srnyour name again?\" \"Jason.\" \"Nice to meet you,rnJason.\" \"What's yourrnmajor?\" \"Biology. I wantrnto be a nurse.\" \"Awesome,\"rnreplies Jason. \"You're gonna take care of the bedpans and shit?\" \"Hopefully not toornoften. Well, I have other business to attend to.\" \"See you later.\" After Andrea leaves,rnJason takes a Polaroid camera and points the lens at himself. Here's to myrnfirst semester of college. He presses thernbutton. Oooooooooooooooo October 16, 1977 The rat-tat-tatrnsound fills the room as Jason types away on the Smith-Coronarntypewriter. The hammers hit the ink ribbon, printing a letter on arnpiece of white paper. Damn, I've gotrnto get this in by Tuesday. Looking at what hernhad typed so far, he notices a misspelled word. Shit! I have torntype the whole page all over again! Jason trashes thernpaper, throwing it into a wastebasket that is nearly full. \"Still typingrnaway?\" asks one of the students who lives in a room next door. \"I just wish therernwas a way to catch mistakes before they end up on paper,\" repliesrnJason. The semester isrnlooking to be real tough. Oooooooooooooooooooo December 15, 1977 Thank God it'srnover. Jason turns in hisrnlast final examination, leaving the lecture hall to be greeted by therncold air of upstate New York. He can feel the cold even while wearingrna heavy coat, as almost everyone else is. Condensation is visible asrnhe exhales. After having to gornto classes four days a week, some of them in the morning, and all thernadditional time for studying for papers and tests, he is finally donernfor this semester. Checking his watch,rnit is 4:15, and it is getting dark. Some of the students are goingrnback to their homes too study for examinations on Friday. Walking along thernconcrete pathways of the college campus, Jason walks down exteriorrnconcrete stairs into the student union. Dozens of the university'srnstudents gather here to celebrate the end of the fall semester. Already there is arnparty in the union's common areas. A couple of the older studentsrnpurchase beer from a bar, while others stand on the floor or sit onrncouches. A couple of people play pool at a pool table. A Sony colorrntelevision displays moving images. The song \"Play That Funky Music\"rnby Wild Cherry blares from stereo speakers installed in the ceilings. \"Jason,\" saysrnone of the boys, wearing a sweatshirt and a coat tied around hisrnwaist. \"How was your final?\" \"I did fine, Irnthink,\" replies Jason. \"I spent nights in the library doingrnresearch and shit.\" \"Well, friend, Irnam glad it is o- ver. At least I can put this bullshit away for arncouple of weeks.\" \"Yeah, I only havernto worry about working at that pizza place.\" Jason walks over to arnwhite top counter, ordering a Coca-cola. \"Hi there,\" saysrna female voice. Jason turns and seesrnAndrea. \"How was finals?\" he asks, sipping the Coke. \"You know, tests,rnterm papers, that kind of shit. Glad it's over. Where are you goingrnfor the holidays?\" \"California. Myrnparents and I are gonna visit my brother and his wife there.\" \"Where inrnCalifornia do they live?\" asks Andrea, lining up to order a beer,rnwith a colored strip of paper around her wrist. \"Tustin. It'srnnear L.A., I think.\" \"Pennsylvania, forrnme. About thirty miles from Pittsburgh. Got to leave Sunday. A couplernof friends and me are gonna go down to New York City tonight.\" \"I've beenrnthere.\" Jason recalls going to New York City for a weekend withrnsome classmates. \"A lot more expensive there than around here.\" \"Yeah, you can'trnfind a beer for a buck down there. So, you having dinner at therndining hall?\" \"Might as well.\" \"See you there.\" Jason sits at one ofrnthe couches, finishing his Coke just as the song \"Best of My Love\"rnby the Emotions plays. He looks at her for a few seconds beforernturning his attention elsewhere. Gotta keep myrnoptions open. Oooooooooooooooooo December 22, 1977 Jason sits in hisrnbedroom at his family's home in Connecticut. Darkness is on thernother side of the window, even though it is only 5:15. He, hisrnparents, and his sister Meaghan are scheduled to leave for a flightrnto California early tomorrow morning. Already his clothes are packedrnin suitcases. He reads over thernbusiness section of the newspaper that contains stock quotes, as wellrnas a note about the results of the 1977 World Series between the NewrnYork Yankees and the Los Angeles Dodgers. Looking through thernphoto album, he sees a photograph of his high school graduation sevenrnmonths before. He walks over to the window, feeling the freezing coldrnof the glass. He looks at thernpicture again, noting the brightness. At least it willrnbe a lot warmer, he thinks before flashing back. Ooooooooooooooooo February 6, 1978 Retrieving his mailrnfrom the university housing office, Jason walks back to his dormrnroom, looking through his mail. He sets aside the typical junk mailrnsent by merchants. \"Hotel California\" by the Eagles plays on arnGeneral Electric radio. He opens his mailrnfrom his broker, summarizing the value of his investments as ofrnJanuary 31, 1978. He grins at the amount he had made. I sure am gettingrnsomewhere , he thinks. He had just visited his broker to make somerninvestments, after receiving a note from the future. He wonders howrnmuch more money he can make. Maybe I can buyrnmy parents a color TV for next Christmas, with a VCR to come with it. Jason picks up therntelephone and dials a number. Oooooooooooooooooo March 18, 1978 Jason sits down atrnthe dining hall with his tray, having gotten some scrambled eggs,rnbacon, a bagel with Philadelphia cream cheese, and a glass of MinuternMaid orange juice. He had been up lastrnnight partying at the dorms with a couple of dormmates; one of themrnhad snuck in a huge keg of beer. They watched the film Star Wars ,rnwhich had been released in theaters last year and is available onrnBetamax home video. The resident advisor had gone off on her own withrna few of her friends. Jason can feel residual feelings from lastrnnight. Therneighteen-year-old briefly ponders what to do today. He could put onrnsweats and play basketball at the university's basketball courts.rnThere is one fellow who is on the school's basketball team. \"Morning, Jason,\"rnsays one of the girls living in the dorm. \"What's up?\"rnhe asks. He looks at her facernand her eyes. Something is seriously wrong. He puts down hisrnfork, feeling as if his heart sank. There is an eerie, empty silencernin his mind. All of thosernfeelings come about upon hearing two words. Andrea's dead.[Chapter 6] March 18, 1978 The students livingrnin the D building dorm, and students from other dorms gather in Drnbuilding's common area. Word had spread about Andrea's death, andrnthey all gather here this evening for a wake. As they gather inrnthe room, some sitting down, some standing, they try to fathom whatrnhad just happened. Some details about her life- and her death- comernout. \"I just can'trnbelieve it,\" says one of the girls. Jason Treborn walksrnaway from the wake and enters his room. He reflects on the events ofrnthis day. No one else is in the room, and neither the television norrnradio is on. Just last week hernhad met her over coffee in the Student Union. He ponders what mightrnhave been, had she not died. It doesn't havernto be this way! He grabs a copy ofrntoday's newspaper. He reads the article. Without mentioning herrnname, the article mentions that a college student was killed in anrnauto accident, and that her name has not been released pendingrnnotification of next of kin. If I couldrnsomehow delay her for even a second…. He will have torngather more details about this, find out exactly whatrnhappened. What if there isrna fire and I lose my photo album? What if I die? Jason buries thesernthoughts and feelings. He knows that he can not screw this up. Ooooooooooo March 21, 1978 \"Here's therninformation you wanted,\" says the Westchester County policernofficer, handing a copy of the files to Jason. \"Why did you wantrnthis again?\" \"It's for thernschool,\" replies Jason. \"We just want to find out what happened.\" \"Basically, somernguy plowed through the intersection at a red light,\" says therndeputy. \"Thanks.\" Jason leaves thernpolice station, going to the public parking lot where his greenrnPontiac is parked. Oooooooooooooo March 25, 1978 Jason sits insidernhis dorm room, lit only by a single incandescent lamp. He looks at hisrnnotebook which sits upon a huge pile of school textbooks. He reviewsrnall the information he wrote about the car crash. He then opens up arnphoto album., taking a good look at a photo dated 3/1/78 Here we go. Oooooooooooooooo March 1, 1978 Jason looks around,rndisoriented. The first thing he notices is a many people around hisrnage, dressed in sweaters. He finds himself sitting behind the desk.rnLooking forward he sees the professor of his biology class. I must have beenrndisplaced by my older self. Jason recalls having taken a picturernof himself in his dorm room before leaving for classes. He opens hisrnnotebook and reads the date header from a message, which is datedrnMarch 25, 1978. The message, however, does not contain investmentrntips nor sports scores like last time. It is a messagernabout Andrea's death. Jason feels as arnvice grips his heart. He takes a deep breath and skims through thernpage, learning detailed information. After class is over,rnhe wades through the sea of students, going towards his dorm room.rnInside his room, he looks at a calendar pinned to the wall. March 18 will be onrna Saturday. I wonder if therernis more. I have seventeen, no sixteen days to find a way out of this. Ooooooooooooo March 15, 1978 Jason walks acrossrncampus carrying a backpack packed with textbooks. He is far from hisrnusual route. His next class is an hour away. Standing near arnsteel support column, he sees Andrea walking out of a building alongrnwith many other students. \"Hi, Andrea,\" hernsays. \"Oh, hi Jason,\"rnshe replies, carrying a yellow plastic binder stuffed with papers.rn\"What are you up to?\" \"Well, right nowrnI'm gonna head to the library to study. I was wondering if we canrnhang out Friday night.\" \"Friday night? Yournmean St. Patrick's Day?\" \"Yeah, we can haverna dinner and then see a late night movie, perhaps Gray Lady Down ? \"Uh, no. I'vernmade plans to go with my friends that night.\" \"Oh really?\" \"Haven't seenrnthem in a while.\" \"Well, uh, haverna nice day. See you later, I guess.\" Jason walks towardsrnthe brick building that serves as the university's library. Andrearnis obviously still going to go out with her friends, as it reads inrnthat note from the future. Sitting inside thernrelative quiet of the library, he ponders his options. Ooooooooooooooo March 16, 1978 Walter Jacksonrnleaves the store, carrying paper bags filled with clothes. He loadsrnthese bags into the back of a 1966 Ford pickup truck which is parkedrnon a street in Yorktown in Westchester County. \"Excuse me,\" arnvoice says. Jackson turns aroundrnand sees a boy appearing to be in his late teens, with light brownrnhair and wearing blue jeans and a sweater. \"What do you want, kid?\"rnhe asks. \"This truck ain't for sale.\" \"Oh, I was justrnwondering if you had your brakes checked,\" says the boy. \"Oh. You must havernheard the squealin'. I am gonna have the brakes replaced- tomorrowrnin fact. It's this place down in New Castle. They've been doingrnbrake jobs on my truck since I first bought it back in '69.\" \"Uh, what's thernname of this place?\" \"Bender AutornServices. Are you looking for a place to have your car tuned up orrnsomething?\" \"Maybe.\" \"They're in thernphone book, I think. Just find one with New Castle listings and itrnought to be there.\" \"Uh, thanks,rnmister.\" Jackson gets intornhis truck and drives off; the squealing sound of the brakes canrneasily be heard just before he pulls the truck out onto the street. Jason watches as thernblue Ford pickup truck disappears from view. From what he had readrnfrom the future note, Walter Jackson had claimed that the brakesrnfailed. Either Mr. Jackson forgot - will forget- to have the brakesrnfixed, or the mechanics did- will do- a shoddy job. Ooooooooooooooo March 17, 1978 Jason sits down on arnbench, feeling a cold breeze as he looks at the other side of thernstreet. Across the street is Bender Auto services, a full-servicernauto repair shop in New Castle which does alignments, tire changes,rnoil changes, and brake pad changes. He had been waitingrnfor about four hours. His stomach growls, indicating his hunger. He knows thatrntonight, Andrea will go bar-hopping with some of her friends, andrnwould get killed in an auto accident on the way home. Walter Jacksonrnhad claimed his brakes had failed. Maybe he'llrnforget to take his truck in. His thought isrndispelled a minute later when a blue Ford pickup truck pulls intornBender Auto Services. Walter Jackson steps out of the driver'srnseat, speaking to one of the mechanics working there. Jason ponders whatrnwill happen. The mechanics might make a mistake, causing the truck'srnbrakes to fail at that critical moment. Or Jackson lied to the policernabout what happened. The teenager walks arnfew yards to his green '61 Pontiac, pondering these questions. Ooooooooooooo 11:15. That is what thernclock radio reads. Jason lies down onrnhis bed, staring up at the ceiling, wondering what to do. Hisrnroommate Charles Heppleman is out with his girlfriend. An openrntextbook on economics sits on the wooden desk. He revisits an idea,rnand then rejects it. Stealing Walter Jackson's truck would onlyrncause trouble. And yet, he feels the need to do something. He grabs some notesrnhe had written about what would happen. He then opens the closet,rnremoving a heavy coat, and then heads out of the dormitory. oooooooooooooo March 18, 1978 Even in the earlyrnmorning hours, the bars are still packed with people celebrating St.rnPatrick's Day. About half of these people are under twenty-threernyears of age, and some of them are even younger. Some yellow taxicabsrnarrive at the curb to pick up drunks. Outside, JasonrnTreborn waits, feeling cold even through the heavy black coat. Thernbouncers are checking for identification, and the college studentrndoes not have a fake ID, unlike some other people in the bars. The gray 1976rnCadillac which Andrea would ride in is parked in a small parking lotrnjust down the block. Jason had considered stealing it, but he doesrnnot know how to steal a car, and grabbing the keys from one of therngirls seemed too risky. He watches his watchrnas the time of the crash draws closer. What could he do? He begins tornfeel desperation. oooooooooo Walter Jackson walksrnout of a dive bar located on a country road. He bar is popular withrnpeople around this rural section of Westchester County, serving anrnolder clientele than the bars catering to college students. The manrnbartends there on Tuesday and Thursday evenings; he has a day job asrnan electrician down in Yonkers. \"Thanks, Walt,\"rnsays a man in his thirties, his speech slurred. \"I reallyrnappreciate it.\" \"No problem,rnCharlie,\" replies Jackson as the two men head towards his Fordrnpickup truck. \"Could you take mernhere so ah can pick up me car?\" asks Charlie as the engine isrnstarted. ooooooooooooo Jason continues tornwait outside. Only ten minutes left. He then sees Andrea coming outrnof the bar, accompanied by some girls, all of them wearing heavyrncoats. He walks to match their movements, knowing that his visagernwould be partially concealed by the visored cap he is wearing. Hernsees them walk to the parking lot where the gray Cadillac is. Terror grips hisrnheart. He frantically thinks. He considers trying to steal the keysrnaway from them. Then he comes uprnwith an idea. He rushes to a payrnphone, pulls out a scrap of paper from his coat pocket, and dials arnnumber. \"WestchesterrnCounty Police,\" answers a voice. \"I'd like tornreport my truck stolen,\" says Jason. \"It's a blue Ford pickup.\" Ooooooooooo Walter Jacksonrndrives along the dark road, the truck's headlights lighting thernway. His eyes dart carefully; he has no desire to be hit by a drunkrndriver. \"Aw shit,\" saysrnCharlie. Jackson looks intornthe rear view mirror, seeing flashing red-and-blue lights. They probablyrnthink I'm drunk. I'd better pull over. Jackson signals andrnsteers the wheel to the right. Depressing the brake pedal, he feelsrnsomething unusual. There's nornpressure! Shit! Jackson engages thernparking brake; it only has a slight effect on the speed of the truck.rnHe figures he will just let the truck roll to a complete stop, meetrnwith the police, and then have the truck towed. It would not be safernto drive without working brakes. After this is over, he will have arnword with the people who had worked on his brakes yesterday. Looking ahead, hernsees a red light. The truck is still moving too fast to stop at thernintersection. He turns the wheelrnhard to the left, hoping to turn the truck around. He feels himselfrnslamming against the door, hearing the screech of metal. Even without lookingrnaround, he can feel that he is tipped over on his side. The police officerrnwho had been trying to pull him over immediately radios for anrnambulance. Minutes later, JasonrnTreborn arrives at the scene in his green Pontiac. He looks and seesrnan overturned pickup truck, but no wrecked Cadillac. Ooooooooooooo March 25, 1978 Jason feels thernblood trickle from his nose after flashing forward, receiving thernrush of new memories. He looks around. It will take some time beforernthe new memories are integrated in his mind. He wonders if Andrea hadrnsurvived. He can only recall vague images. Walking out of therndorm room, he walks to the common area. He can hear the commonrntelevision on, a local news program to be precise. \"Andrea,\" hernsays, upon seeing her sitting on the couch. Relief floods his veryrnsoul. He – his younger self- had succeeded, and he will find outrnhow as the memories adjust. \"I'm just uprnwatching TV,\" says Andrea. \"I'm having a little troublernsleeping.\" Jason sits downrnwithout saying a word, silently thanking God for this. \"And that was thernlatest word on the aftermath of the Amoco Cadiz oil spill onrnthe coast of France,\" says a television news reporter. \"In localrnnews, Westchester County Police arrested a woman who sabotaged thernbrakes of her estranged boyfriend's pickup truck.\" Jason looks withrninterest. \"Police say thatrnAmy Cash, 33, cut the brake lines of her ex-boyfriend's '66 Fordrnpickup while it was parked outside a bar in Cortlandt in WestchesterrnCounty,\" continues the reporter. \"Jealousy is the suspectedrnmotive. Cash's attorneys have refused to comment so far. She isrnscheduled to appear in Westchester County Court Monday on charges ofrnreckless endangerment and attempted murder. Now, on a happier note, arngroup of foster children had a field trip in the Bronx Zoo…\" \"Some people,\"rnsays Andrea. \"What some girls would do if jilted.\" \"It's fuckedrnup,\" replies Jason, knowing exactly how that could have turned out.[Chapter 7] June 4, 1979 Jason Treborn pullsnup the white 1978 Toyota Corolla into the parking space, putting thengearshift into park and stepping out of the car. Clad in a blacknbusiness suit, he walks a few yards towards an office tower in WhitenPlains, New York. He walks to thenmarble-floored lobby of the building, one of the tallest in WhitenPlains, though dwarfed by the skyscrapers in lower Manhattan. Lookingnat the directory which is mounted on the wall, he sees the name ofnAmerican Pride Financial Services. Using an elevator to get to thenthird floor, he enters the office of American Pride. The front room looksnfamiliar- blue carpeted floor, a desk for the receptionist, a woodenntable with copies of the Wall Street Journal, Time, and BusinessWeek sitting on top. \"Hello there,\"nsays the receptionist, a woman with ebony black hair. \"Jason Treborn,\"nsays Jason. \"I am here to see Mr. Bright.\" \"Oh, you're hisnnew intern, Come on in, Mr. Treborn.\" Jason walks past thenreception area and into the main office,. He had been here a fewnweeks ago, when he was interviewing for an internship here. He opensna wooden door into a small office. Behind the woodenndesk sits a man, appearing to be in his late twenties, wearing a bluenshirt with a clashing red necktie. \"Treborn,\" saysnthe man. \"Welcome.\" \"Mr. Bright,\"nreplies Jason. \"I thank you for this opportunity, sir.\" \"Professors cannlecture, but here you will learn how things are done. I know thisnisn't a brokerage house in Manhattan.\" \"It'll do, sir.nI hope to learn more about investment analysis. Maybe I can plan mynown financial future.\" \"I have a lot ofnthings for you to do, Treborn.\" Ooooooooooooooo Jason breathes ansigh of relief as his first day at work is finally over. If being annintern is this hard, he wonders what being a financial advisor mustnbe like. Of course, he doesnnot know of any financial advisors who get investment tips from thenfuture. He walks to a paynphone, inserts the change, and dials a number. \"Andrea,\" hensays. \"Glad I caught you. Listen, I started on my internship. Inwonder if we could have dinner together.\" Ooooooooooooo June 16, 1979 A door opens, andnMeaghan Treborn opens the front of her home. \"Scott,\" shensays, seeing her older brother. \"Meaghan,\"nreplies Scott, who had flown from California to visit his parents'nhome in Connecticut. \"Good to see you again.\" \"How was the tripnto the airport?\" \"Crowded,\" saysnher father, Chris Treborn. \"Hello there,nsweetie,\" says Scott's wife Dana, a woman with short blond hair.nShe carries a blond-haired girl about a year old. \"Oooooooh,\" thengirl says. \"Hi, Chrissy,\"nsays Meaghan, speaking to her niece, Christina Anne Treborn. \"Scott,\" saysnJason, entering the living room of the Treborn family home. \"Hownare things going in California?\" \"Great,\" repliesnScott. \"Dana, well…could you get Mom?\" Jason goes to thenkitchen, and he goes back to the living room with his mother Lucinda. \"Hi, Scott,\"nsays Lucinda. \"Anything going on?\" \"Scott and I arenhaving another baby,\" says Dana, rubbing her belly. \"Cool!\" yellsnMeaghan. \"Congratulations,\"nsays Chris. Minutes later, thenTreborn family has dinner. \"So I started myninternship at American Pride,\" says Jason. \"What do you do?\"nasks Dana. \"Filing papers,nscheduling appointments, making phone calls to clients. I'mnbasically a goto person. I look forward to learning about thenindustry, maybe become one of them.\" \"So you gonna benrich?\" asks Meaghan. \"Oh, yes,\"nreplies Jason. \"You can count on it.\" \"I wonder if thenYankees are playing,\" says Scott. \"Let's finishndinner first,\" says Chris. \"Oh, Scott, didnyou know?\" asks Meaghan. \"Jason got us a color TV and anVCR.\" \"A color TV?\"nasks Scott. When he had lived here, he had to watch TV innblack-and-white. \"It was anChristmas present,\" says Lucinda. \"We still have the oldnblack-and-white in the bedroom.\" \"I also got a newncar,\" says Jason. \"Traded in that old Pontiac, finally. It'snthat white car parked on the street. I could take Scott, Dana, andnChrissy to the airport.\" \"We would likenthat,\" says Dana. \"Don't spend toonmuch, Jason,\" says Chris. \"Gotta plan for the future.\" \"Oyessir,\" saysnJason. \"I am planning for the future, definitely.\" Ooooooooooo June 30, 1979 \"We've decidednnot to tell your father he's been here for the past thirty years,\"nsays Dr. Emmett von Braun. \"My God, has it been that long. Backnthen, this institution was surrounded by farmland as far as the eyencan see. There was this guy who wanted to breed pine trees; his placenis now being turned into a shopping mall.\" \"I see,\" repliesnChris, coming to visit his father, Matt Treborn. \"What do you saynto him?\" \"He still claimsnthat the last thing he remembers, it was 1962, and that the CubannMissile Crisis led to total nuclear war.\" Von Braun leadsnChris to a small room, painted white. An old man – in his eightiesnnow – sits inside. \"Hi Dad,\" saysnChris. \"It's me, Chris.\" \"How you'venaged,\" replies Matt Treborn. \"At least you survived. What aboutnyour sons? Did they survive?\" \"Scott and Jasonnare doing find. And I also have a daughter, Meaghan, born in 1966.\" \"I hope she camenout okay, what with all the fallout. That stuff's nasty you know;nit can stay for up to twenty years.\" \"It's 1979 now,nDad.\" \"What about yournmother?\" \"She died in '74.\" \"So they got hernaway from Washington before it blew. She wasn't in the helicopternwith me when we evacuated. We lost contact with the helicopter thatnwas supposed to take her to the bunker. I was supposed to flash back,nnot flash forward. At least you and your children survived, andnLucinda too – unless you remarried.\" \"Lucinda's stillnalive and well.\" \"What was it likenafterward?\" \"We did our bestnto make a living under the circumstances,\" says Chris. \"Thingsnwere not that bad.\" Chris goes on tontell his father more about what is happening. Matt smiles. \"You'll comenback, right?\" asks Matt. \"I'll try to fitnyou in, Dad,\" replies Chris. He walks away. Henwonders what it is like to not be able to remember new things; itnwould be like being eternally stuck in the present. He also wonders whatnhis father had experienced just before ending up here in thenhospital. The stories still frighten him, even after he first heardnit thirty years ago. Oooooooooooo September 3, 1979 \"Ah, Treborn,\"nsays Mr. Bright as Jason enters the office. \"I've a lot for you.\" \"Mr. Bright, I'venbeen doing some research,\" says Jason. \"Related tonschool.\" \"It's aboutnsilver.\" \"I've read somenpeople were buying up silver.\" \"The Huntnbrothers, yes.\" \"You do yournhomework. The company has invested in silver as a hedge againstninflation. Maybe those Hunt brothers are on the right track.\" \"Not exactly,nsir.\" Oooooooooooooo October 19, 1980 The song \"PleasenDon't Go\" by KC and the Sunshine Band radiates from speakers asnJason looks out from the waterfront restaurant onto the Long IslandnSound. A small boat sails by. It is a rare moment for him, as he isnusually busy studying for exams, researching for term papers, ornworking at American Pride. His workload had only increased, now thatnhe is going to get his bachelor's degree in Finance in less than anyear. Thentwenty-one-year-old university student looks at Andrea as \"PleasenDon't Go\" finishes and \"Magic\" by Olivia Newton-John startsnplaying over the speaker system. \"Such a nicenplace,\" says Andrea. \"You wanted angreasy hamburger at McDonald's?\" asks Jason. \"Sorry tondisappoint you.\" \"That's okay.\" \"I have to ask younsomething.\" Oooooooooooooo June 5, 1981 \"You feeling up tonthis?\" asks Neil Cross. \"Of course,\"nreplies Jason, his voice a little squeaky. His longtime friend standsnat his side, a great honor for the occasion. Scott Treborn justnsmiles; Chris and Lucinda look at their second son with stoicnexpressions on their faces. Wooden oak doorsnopen, and Andrea appears, escorted by other ladies. Thentwenty-four-year-old approaches Jason. She smiles, showing a hint ofnanxiety. This is it, Jasonnthinks. Jason and Andreanface a man wearing a black outfit. The two of the arenthen married. They kiss each other even as the guests and thenofficial photographer take pictures. The new husband andnwife then go outside. More guests congratulate them. The bride andngroom pose with Jason's parents, Andrea's parents, the groomsmen,nthe bridesmaids, and just about everyone there. Jason and Andreanthen step into a white Lincoln limousine. The reception isnheld at a waterfront hotel in Rye, New York, not far from thenrestaurant where Jason had first proposed. The main course for dinnernis a Maine lobster tail and a New York steak. The dinner is followednby Jason and Andrea's first dance as husband and wife. The partyncontinues, with the guests all chatting to each other, and songs liken\"Ring My Bell\" by Anita Ward, \"You Shook Me All Night Long\"nby AC/DC, \"My Sharona\" by the Knack, \"Love Will Keep UsnTogether\" by the Captain and Tenille, \"I Never Knew Love LikenThis Before\" by Stephanie Mills, \"Celebration\" by Kool and thenGang, \"Crazy Little Thing Called Love\" by Queen, and many others. At around 9:15,nJason and Andrea leave to be alone.[Chapter 8] August 11, 1981 \"If you invest innthese mixture of stocks and bonds,\" says Jason Treborn, sittingnbehind his desk at American Pride Financial Services, \"it will havena solid growth rate, enough for your retirement by 2011.\" \"Uh, thank you,\"nsays the woman sitting in the office. \"And if you twonhave any children, I'll recommend college funds. American Pridenoffers a lot of products.\" \"You sure you cannmake our money grow?\" asks the man. \"I mean, we had double-digitninflation for a couple of years, and now there's this recession. Inmight get laid off by the company.\" \"Sir, with propernplanning, you can weather the storms ahead,\" says Jason. \"I spentnyears studying investments and trend analysis so you won't have to.nAnd with a diversified portfolio, you won't have to worry yournheart out if the up-and-coming company you invested in tanks –nyou'd still have bonds which would provide steady income, and otherninvestments may be doing well.\" \"Thank you,\"nsays the woman. Jason offers hisnbusiness card to the couple. \"Either of you have any questions,ncall the office for an appointment.\" The two clientsnleave the office. Jason looks at the time; it is about 5:20 P.M. Henlooks at his appointment calendar; there are ten appointments thenrest of the week. He looks at another file. It contains notes aboutnfuture stock prices, commodity prices, and interest rates. He had built quite anreputation for himself in the company. Even during his internship, henhad a knack for investment analysis that was literally predicting thenfuture. For example, back in 1979, a few months after he started hisninternship, he argued that the price of silver would collapse innearly 1980 because too many people were speculating. American Pridendumped its silver holdings in December of 1979. The price of silvernbegan to slide; on March 27, 1980, the price of silver went down 50. Jason received praise not just from his immediate supervisor, Mr.nBright, but the general manager for the White Plains branch and evenna vice president from American Pride's Manhattan headquarters.nJason had been immediately offered a financial advisor position uponnhis graduation from the university. Jason brings hisnattention to the present. The day is over; he might as well go home. And so he does,ndriving his '78 Toyota Corolla to the home in Harrison, New York,nthat he and Andrea had purchased just a month ago. It is a typicalnhome, having been built there as part of an encroaching residentialndevelopment in 1980. It is a typicalnevening home, with Jason and Andrea having dinner. After dinner,nJason watches reruns on the Sony color television in the living room. Finally, as nightnfalls all over New York, Jason goes to bed with his wife. The two ofnthem snuggle up together, enjoying the warmth of their bodies. \"I have somethingnto tell you,\" says Andrea, stroking her husband's hair. \"What is it?\"nasks Jason. \"You want some?\" \"I'm pregnant.\" Jason takes almost anminute before absorbing these words. Andrea is pregnant. In her ownnbody his child is attached and growing. \"How…how farnalong are you?\" \"I haven't hadnmy period since the wedding; as long as two months.\" \"This is great.\"nJason takes a couple of deep breaths, knowing what will happen in anfew months. He strokes her brown hair. \"You…you know, I think wenshould do an encore.\" Less than a minutenlater, he goes in unto her. Oooooooooooooo October 14, 1981 \"Everything seemsnto be going fine, Mrs. Treborn,\" says Dr. Ronald L. Hubbard,nstanding in the examination room in a medical center in Rye, NewnYork. \"The baby's growing typically for someone at eighteen tonnineteen weeks.\" Andrea Treborn looksnat the ultrasound photograph which is pinned to the white plasternwall. She can clearly see the image of the fetus. She looks down atnher belly, which is visibly swollen, rubbing her left hand over it. She smiles at thenimage. The image does have a strong resemblance to a human. No longerncan her child be viewed as an abstract. The image makes the babyninside her seem more real. Ooooooooooo January 6, 1982 \"You sure havengrown,\" says Jason as he sees his wife emerge from the bathroom. \"Oh please,\"nreplies Andrea, her hugely pregnant belly now the dominating featurenof her body. \"I wonder if I'll lose this weight.\" \"From what my momntold me, chasing kids around can provide a lot of exercise – shenhad three of them, you know.\" Jason opens the closet door, lookingnat the clothes hanging from the rack, including three sets of nicenbusiness suits. \"Time to get dressed for work.\" \"I need to buy newnshoes; my feet are so big I probably need two additional shoe sizes.\" \"Don't worry; Inmake a lot of money. I might even go down to the city to buynsome from Bloomingdale's.\" Jason buttons his white shirt. \"You'dnbetter come along so they can measure your foot.\" \"I'm probably ansize 13 now.\" Jason glances at thenbedroom window, which is frosted on the other side due to the typicalntemperatures of upstate New York at this time of year. He kisses hisnwife. \"Have a wonderful day, sweetie.\" As Jason looks,nAndrea looks down at her swollen belly. Two more months,nand then the real fun begins. Oooooooooooooo March 5, 1982 Andrea feelsnsomething trickling down the inside of her left thigh as she sits onnthe couch. She rubs her finger on the thigh, feeling the wetness. Here we go. After changing hernamniotic-fluid soaked panties for dry ones, she picks up thentelephone and dials the number for her husband's office. \"American PridenFinancial,\" says a female voice. \"Is Jason Trebornnthere?\" asks Andrea. \"Mr. Treborn isnmeeting with a client, ma'am.\" \"I'm his wifenand this is an emergency.\" Ooooooooooo \"Don't You WantnMe\" by Human League plays on the solid-state radio in the whitenToyota Corolla as Jason Treborn pulls up the driveway of his home.nEntering, he meets Andrea sitting in the living room. \"Let's getngoing,\" says his wife as she waddles towards him. \"Labor takes up tontwenty hours,\" her husband says. \"Take it easy.\" After gettingnsomething from the house, he leads her to the passenger seat of thenCorolla, with \"Don't You Want Me\" still playing on the radio.nJason puts the car in gear and drives towards the medical centernwhere Andrea had her checkups during most of her pregnancy. The song \"Keep onnLoving You\" by REO Speedwagon is interrupted by an inhuman scream. \"Jason, the baby'sngonna be born soon!\" yells Andrea. \"How could thisnbe?\" asks Jason, gripping the steering wheel as he passes annOldsmobile. \"Your water broke less than an hour ago, right?\" Andrea feels hernentire lower half imploding. \"Why is it taking so long to getnthere?\" Jason pulls near thenemergency room entrance just as \"Any Way You Want It\" by Journeynplays on the radio. An orderly from the hospital, clad in blue,narrives. \"I'm having anbaby!\" yells Andrea. She is strapped to angurney and flails her arms around as she is rolled down a corridor,nknocking another patient's IV bottle against a wall. Thentwenty-five-year-old woman is taken to the maternity ward. Just nine monthsnafter Andrea's wedding, one and a half hours after breaking hernwater, and ten minutes after reaching the hospital, she delivers anbaby boy. Oooooooooooo Jason looks throughnthe viewfinder of the Kodak Super 8 motion picture camera as he aimsnit towards his wife, lying down in the recovery room, as well as hisnnewborn son, being held by his mother. \"This is EvannLionel Treborn,\" says Andrea. He was born at 2:25 PM on March 5,n1982. He was named after my grandfather, and his middle name wasnafter Jason's grandfather.\" She smiles, placingnhim in the small crib. Jason makes sure to have a close up shot ofnhis son. I'm a father. Ooooooooooooo March 10, 1982 The doorbell rings,nand Jason walks to the front door and peeps through the peephole.nOpening the door, he is greeted by his parents and fifteen-year-oldnyounger sister. \"Hi, Jason,\"nsays his father Chris. \"Dad,\" repliesnJason. \"They're in the bedroom.\" Chris, his wifenLucinda, and daughter Meaghan follow Jason into the master bedroom.nThere, Andrea lies in bed. In a wooden crib lies an infant boy,nswaddled in blue. \"This is Evan,\"nsays Jason. \"Hi there,\" saysnLucinda, looking at her newest grandson. \"He's so small,\"nsays Meaghan. \"He's the smallest of them.\" \"You were onlyneleven when Chrissy was born,\" says her mother. \"It is you whonhave grown since then.\" \"Oh, by the way,\"nsays Andrea, \"what about Scott and his wife?\" \"We told Scott andnDana Sunday morning,\" replies Chris. \"They still have to makentravel arrangements. You know they have a two-year-old boy as well asna four-year-old girl, and travel can be stressing for children thatnage.\" \"I'm surenthey'll be here before Evan graduates high school,\" says Jason. \"What about yournparents?\" asks Lucinda. \"They said they'llncome over Saturday,\" replies Andrea. \"They are excited. I mean,nmy mom is so excited about the idea of another grandkid; Evan's notnher first.\" The three visitorsnlook at baby Evan, still sleeping. Oooooooooooooo April 19, 1982 Eating his lunch ofna pastrami sandwich, French fries, and a Coke, Jason sees a man in ansport coat sit down, holding a cardboard tray with a hot dog drenchednin mustard and relish. \"So you're andaddy now,\" says longtime friend Neil Cross. \"Congratulations.\" \"Thanks,\"nreplies Jason. \"Maybe you can stop by and see him later.\" The two of them sitninside this café catering to people working in the nearbynoffice buildings. The place is frequently packed. In Jason'snopinion, the café serves better food than the Burger King downnthe street. \"It's sonamazing, Jason. I mean, you're twenty-two and you're alreadynmarried and have a baby and have this high-paying job. Look at me;nI'm between jobs because of this fucking recession.\" \"I can help younmanage your finances and even provide hints as to what industries andncompanies to invest in.\" \"You sure think ofnwork a lot,\" comments Neil. \"Are you kidding?\"nasks Jason, sipping some Coke. \"I mean it was nice to be off for anweek after Evan was born, but then I have to go meet with all mynclients and do research and shit, you know. And I have to finishnlunch in fifteen minutes, if I don't want to be late with meetingnwith this important client. And three days last week I worked late.\" \"Is Andrea doingnfine?\" \"The baby'snkeeping her company; some of the neighbors come to visit. A lot ofnyoung families on our block. I bet we'll all grow up together.\" Ooooooooooooo June 5, 1983 The sun shinesnclearly on this playground in Harrison, not far from the Trebornnhome. Andrea holds the Kodak Super 8 camera, looking at Jason placentheir one-year-old son on a swing. It is a rare day, as Jason hasntime off from his job at American Pride. It is also their two-yearnanniversary. They will have dinner at the restaurant where Jasonnfirst proposed to her back in 1980. Evan makes a noisenas he is gently swung. \"So how do younlike this?\" asks Jason. \"We're gonna ride in an airplane nextnmonth. We're gonna see your Uncle Scott and Aunt Dana where theynlive. You like them?\" Andrea puts down thenmotion picture camera. \"I'm getting a hang of your hobby here,\"nsays Andrea. \"We're gonna run out of room if we keep all thesenhome movies.\" \"I can easilynafford a new shelf,\" replies her twenty-three-year-old husband. \"No, we'll needna new house to make room for all your films.\" \"We'll have annew house someday.\" Jason carries Evan. \"Did you like the swing?\" The three of themnwalk towards a black Lincoln Continental purchased just two monthsnago.[Chapter 9] August 30, 1985 Three-year-old EvanrnTreborn looks at the flashing images on the Sony color television inrnthe living room. \"Transformers. Robots in Disguise,\" sings therntune as he sees the television show TransFormers , which isrnbased on a toy line by Hasbro, which was licensed from the Japaneserntoy company Takara - not that a three-year-old boy would know suchrnthings. Evan hears the doorrnopen, and he sees his daddy, towering over him. He is slightlyrnconfused, as his dad never came home when the Transformers were on TV. \"Hi there,\" saysrnJason. \"Watching TV again?\" \"Yes, Daddy,\"rnreplies his son. \"Don't watch toornmuch; it's only storytelling.\" \"Jason,\" saysrnAndrea, carrying a load of clothes washed by the Kenmore washingrnmachine in the garage. \"You're home early.\" \"So? Why wouldn'trnI want to be home with you and Evan?\" \"Well, mister,rnyou're usually home late, never early.\" \"I work hard,rnbabe,\" replies the twenty-five-year-old as he loosens his bluernnecktie. \"But I'm taking a break for the weekend. How about thernthree of us have a nice little picnic in the park. You could use arnbreak from housework, and Evan needs to be outside. Can't spend allrnof his time reading or watching TV.\" Oooooooooooooo August 12, 1987 Thernbackyard behindrnthe house in Harrison, New York is decorated with all sorts ofrndecorations – balloons and banners. Wrapped gifts lie in a corner.rnA few children gather in the living room, along with some adults.\"IrnStill Haven't Found What I'm Looking For\" by U2 can be heard playing onrna boombox. Andrea Treborn isrnhere accompanying her five-year-old son, Evan. She takes a a glimpsernof a chubby boy; he is Lenny Kagan, celebrating his fifth birthday. \"And how are yourndoing, Andrea?\" asks Mrs. Kagan, Lenny's mother; she is a womanrnin her mid thirties. \"Great,\" repliesrnAndrea. \"And yourrnhusband?\" \"He's workingrnlate…again.\" \"It is too bad. Hernwon't be meeting the Millers.\" \"Oh, they're thernones who moved their stuff here in that Ryder truck.\" \"Yes.\" Andrea looks andrnsees a man and woman accompanied by two children, a boy and girl. \"Go on Evan,\"rnshe says to her son. \"Introduce yourself.\" He approaches therngirl and shakes her hand. She leans over and kisses him on the cheek.rnHis face turning as red as a boiled Maine lobster, Evan rushes to hugrnhis mother's leg. \"Don't go allrnthe way, Kayleigh,\" says the man, appearing to be in his earlyrnthirties. \"You're too young.\" He approaches Andrea. \"GeorgernMiller. These are my kids, Tommy and Kayleigh.\" \"Andrea Treborn,\"rnshe replies. \"Evan is my son.\" \"And his father?rnIs he….\" \"He works atrnAmerican Pride Financial in White Plains; he has to work late today.\" \"Too bad, Mrs.rnTreborn. We're having a barbecue. Good old fashioned hamburgers.\" \"Nice to meet you,rnMr. Miller. Maybe you can meet my husband Jason later.\" Oooooooooooooo June 7, 1988 The wooden doorrnopens, and a bespectacled man in his early twenties, wearing a white shirt, brownrnslacks, and a blue necktie enters the office. \"Hi there, Mr.rnTreborn\" says the young man. \"I guess I'm here to startrninterning.\" \"Welcome to yourrnfirst day at work, Schnaufer,\" replies Jason. \"Have a seat.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Bob Schnaufer is arnstudent from the same university Jason had graduated from. He appliedrnfor an internship at the White Plains branch of American PridernFinancial Services. Jason chose him after reviewing thirtyrnapplicants, interviewing six of them. Bob Schnaufer impressed him thernmost. He had excellent insight on the securities markets – not asrngood as Jason's, of course – but a lot better than most people inrnthe company. The branch manager offered the internship to Schnaufer atrnJason's request. Then again, Irnwouldn't really know if the kid could relive parts of his life byrnlooking at a picture. \"You won't findrnthings boring here, Schnaufer,\" says Jason. \"You'll learn a lotrnfrom me, just as I learned from Mr. Bright here.\" He handsrnSchnaufer a sheet of paper which had been lying on the steel desk.rn\"Here's a to-do list. So do it.\" \"Uh, yessir,\"rnsays Schnaufer before leaving the office. Jason steps out ofrnhis private office a few minutes later, approaching the coffee maker. \"Treborn,\" saysrnbranch manager Mr. Bright. \"Have any news analyses lately?\" \"I compiled arnreport on short-term market trends for the next couple of months,\"rnreplies Jason. \"I can print them out and give the report to you.\" \"Then do it rightrnaway,\" says Bright. \"You know, Treborn, you are an amazingrnfellow. I mean, you were right to have us shift our assets to bondsrnand precious metals back in October of last year, before the marketrnwent down.\" \"It takes veryrndetailed analysis, sir,\" says Jason. \"The prices were too highrnfor the earnings of those companies, and…well I guess I'll havernto go get my report from that.\" \"That's history,rnTreborn. How about what's gonna happen this summer?\" Jason goes to thernApple Macintosh SE at his desk, printing out the report on anrnImageWriter II printer. Ooooooooooo October 15, 1988 It is Saturdayrnevening at the Treborn home. Earlier that day, Jason and Andrea tookrnEvan to visit his grandparents Chris and Lucinda in Connecticut, andrnthen to see a movie, Daffy Duck's Quackbusters. They havernjust finished their evening dinner of pot roast and asparagus inrntheir dining room, which was remodeled a few months ago with arncheckerboard pattern tiled floor. \"Listen, Andrea,\"rnsays Jason. \"I have something to show you.\" \"What kind ofrnsurprise is it?\" asks Andrea. \"I thought you wanted to watch therngame.\" \"Let's go to thernbedroom.\" And so the two ofrnthem go into the master bedroom, which has a blue carpet installedrnjust two months ago. Andrea starts to unbutton her blouse. \"Wait,\" shernsays. \"Shouldn't we lock the door? We can't have Evan goingrnin.\" Jason takes arnPolaroid camera. \"You're gonnarntake pictures of us?\" \"You will take arnpicture of me,\" says Jason. Andrea takes therncamera and takes the picture. The photograph comes out of the slot ofrnthe camera, accompanied by a whine. \"Now what?\" shernasks. Jason takes a sheetrnof paper from his study, writing a message. He then seals thernenvelope, handing it to his wife. \"What's thisrnabout?\" asks Andrea. She looks at the envelope, which reads, Do NotrnOpen Until the End of Game 1 of the World Series. \"We're gonnarnwatch the World Series? Are the Yankess playing?\" \"L.A. Dodgers vs.rnOakland Athletics,\" replies Jason. \"We are going to watch it.\" \"What is in thisrnenvelope?\" \"Information. Yournwon't believe me unless you open it once the game is over.\" And so just beforernthe game is to start, Jason turns on the Sony color television andrntunes in to NBC, which broadcasts the World Series. The pre-gamernfestivities go on at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, California. VinrnScully and Joe Garagiola comment on the events. Just as the firstrnpitch is about to be thrown, Jason suddenly looks around, lookingrnconfused. \"Something wrong?\"rnasks Andrea. \"Oh, we'rernwatching the game,\" replies Jason. \"This will be fun.\" Oooooooooooooo The ball flies rightrntowards home plate. Jose Canseco swings the bat. The next image showsrnthe ball flying, flying, going out of the field. Jason looks as thernOakland Athletics score a grand slam – four extra runs. Ooooooooooooo It is the bottom ofrnthe ninth - Athletics 4, Dodgers 3. Dennis Eckersley is pitching forrnthe Athletics now. Only one of the Dodgers – Mike Davis – is onrnbase. \"Now batting forrnthe Dodgers, number 23, Kirk Gibson.\" Kirk Gibsonrnapproaches the home plate. Murmurs could be heard among thernspectators at Dodger Stadium this evening. Pitches are thrown,rnwith Gibson missing them. \"The count is nowrn3 and 2.\" Jason looks towardsrnhis son, who is now awake. \"Even if he hits,rnhe's gonna be thrown out unless he scores a home run,\" saysrnAndrea. \"I know,\"rnreplies Jason, looking intently at the TV screen. Eckersley pitchesrnthe ball, and Gibson swings. A snap is heard, generated by arnbat hitting a ninety-three-mile-per-hour fastball. Immediately, thernoutfielders run to catch the ball and deliver Game 1 to the OaklandrnAthletics. As the ball goes in the direction of right field, thernright fielder runs, his glove extended. The ball clearsrnright field and goes into the bleachers. \"Holy shit!\"rnshouts Jason, dumbfounded at what had just happened. Even with thernvolume of the TV at medium, the roars from the crowd can clearly bernheard. Andrea too looks atrnwhat Kirk Gibson had just did, despite his injury. \"Andrea,\" saysrnJason, \"remember what I told you?\" \"Yes,\" shernsays,. She takes the envelope with the instructions written on it.rnShe opens it, taking out the paper inside. 1988 WorldrnSeries Game 1rnResults Athleticsrn4 Dodgers 5 Kirk Gibson scores arnwinning home run, bottom of the ninth, on a 3-2 count. Andrea is even morernsurprised at what was written on the paper. \"How..how did yournknow?\" she asks. \"I didn't know,\"rnsays Jason. \"I'm just as surprised as you.\" \"Come on. Howrncould you know that Kirk Gibson was gonna hit the winning home run?\" Jason walks to thernbedroom. He sees a Polaroid photograph of himself on the nightstand. \"What are yourndoing?\" asks Andrea. \"Just watch.\" Jason looks intentlyrninto the photograph, and then he looks around, a little dazed. \"Your nose!\"rnexclaims Andrea, seeing a trickle of blood coming from her husband'srnnose. \"It seems to be arnside effect,\" replies Jason, wiping the blood with a handkerchief.rn\"I knew the results when I wrote that message because I saw therngame already. You see, by looking at a photograph, I can relive thatrnmoment of my life.\" \"You…you can'trnbe serious!\" \"That is why I hadrnto show you, why I wrote that message and sealed it. There's nornother explanation.\" Andrea looks at thernmessage, predicting the results of Game 1 of the 1988 World Series.rn\"How are you able to do this?\" \"I'm not surernexactly,\" says Jason. \"All I know is that if I look deep enoughrninto a photograph, I could relive parts of my life.\" \"When did thisrnstart happening?\" \"I had thesernflashbacks back when I was a kid. I didn't know what it really was.rnWhen I was sixteen, I decided to experiment, wondering if there werernmore to these flashbacks. I went back to my tenth birthday, put arnnote in a jar, and buried it under the back porch. When it ended, Irnwent to the back porch and dug up the note.\" \"How did you knowrnit didn't happen like that anyway?\" \"The note had thernpresent date written on it. Anyway, I started using these flashbacksrnmore often, leaving notes for myself. Initially I left myself sportsrnscores to win at gambling, and then I left myself investment tips.rnThat's why I'm so successful in my field. My fortune was built onrnthis ability.\" Andrea sits on thernbed. \"This, this is a lot to take in.\" \"Everything willrnbe fine,\" says Jason. \"You can takernothers with you?\" \"I can only gornalone.\" He wraps his arm around his wife's waists. \"Everythingrnis going to be fine. I have an edge on the future.\" \"What about takingrnme out next week?\" \"We have to makernbabysitting arrangements for Evan, but I'm sure we can workrnsomething out.\" \"Did you know thatrnfrom a note from the future?\" \"Some thingsrnshould be left to surprise.\" Ooooooooooooooo March 31, 1989 \"Okay, okaywhat now?\" asks Andrea as she looks at the carburetor of thern1987 Toyota Celica parked in the garage. She turns and seesrnEvan and a cocker spaniel puppy, Crockett. Her son, who had turnedrnseven a few weeks ago, hands her a 5/16\" wrench. \"We're gonna bernlate again,\" says Evan. \"When did you carernabout getting to school on time?\" asks his thirty-three-year-oldrnmother. \"We're puttingrnup pictures for Parents' Night,\" he replies. He watches hisrnmother turn the bolt. \"Righty-tighty, lefty-lucy.\" \"Thanks,\"rnreplies Andrea. \"Don't worry Evan, you'll have plenty of time.\"rnShe looks at the carburetor, annoyed that it is not set. \"Darn it!\" \"Um, can dad comernthis time?\" asks Evan. They hear the enginernof a 1983 Lincoln Continental start. \"You know thernanswer to that,\" says Andrea. \"Can't he justrntake time off or something?\" \"We've beenrnthrough this a hundred times. He works hard at this job to put foodrnon the table and get you nice clothes and us this nice house. Yournwon't believe all the things he goes through to do so.\" \"But Lenny saidrnhis dad was coming…and Tommy and Kayleigh's dad.\" \"Here, Ev,\" shernsays, handing him the wrench. \"Finish this up for me.\" Andrea removes thernoveralls to reveal a blouse and blue jeans. \"All the dads arerngonna be there,\" says Evan, screwing together the carburetor. \"I get the point.rnBut I'm not so bad, am I?\" \"No.\" \"Good. BecausernI've been waiting to see your art projects all week and I'd feelrnterrible if all you thought about was your father not being there.\" Evan hands thernwrench back to Andrea. \"Done. Try it.\" Andrea sits in therndriver's seat and starts the Celica. \"You're amazing, kiddo.\" Just like yourrnfather. What the fuck do they talk about in those stupid meetings,rnanyway? Oooooooooooo Why the fuck didrnI even go to this stupid meeting anyway? Jason Treborn sitsrninside the huge meeting room located at American Pride'srnheadquarters on the 96th floor of Building One of thernWorld Trade Center in Manhattan. The Brooklyn Bridge is visible fromrnthis high up. Some loud-mouth executive clearly in love with his ownrnvoice drones on and on and on. Several other employees of AmericanrnPride stare blankly at him. I wonder whatrnAndrea and Evan are doing? Oooooooooooo April 7, 1989 \"Thanks, George,\"rnsays Jason, speaking on the phone. \"We really appreciate yournwatching Evan. He won't be much trouble….Great, we'll see yournsoon.\" \"So we can droprnhim off there?\" asks Andrea. \"Yeah. Finally werncan see a grown-up movie. Like Cyborg or Troop BeverlyrnHills . God but I was getting tired of seeing those dumbed-downrnkiddie movies.\" Evan finishes up arnbowl of Post Lucky Charms cereal, feeding some of them to Crockett. Minutesrnlater, arnblack Lincoln Continental stops right next to the home of GeorgernMiller, with \"Never Gonna Give You Up\" by Rick Astley playing on thernradio. Mr. Miller comes out of the house and approaches the car,rnopening the passenger door. \"Hey Jason,rnAndrea,\" he says. \"Hey little man,\" Miller says to Evan. \"Here, George,\"rnsays Jason, handing Miller a piece of paper even as Evan gets out.rn\"My pager number. If there's any emergencies.\" \"Whaddayarnkidding?\" asks George, laughing. \"We're going to have a greatrntime today, right Evan?\" \"Uh, what will yournbe doing?\" asks Andrea. \"Making movies.rnAmateur movies.\" \"You know,rnGeorge,\" says Jason, \"one of my hobbies is home movies andrnphotography. Gotta take a break from investment research, you know.rnJust the other day…\" \"Jason, I think wernshould go,\" interrupts Andrea. \"Okay, dear.rnGeorge, we should trade movies or something sometime.\" Jason putsrnthe Continental into gear, and drives off.[Chapter 10] January 2, 1991 \"Doesn't lookrnlike much, Mr. Treborn,\" says Bob Schnaufer, looking around thernmostly empty office suite in White Plains, New York. There are only arnfew desks, two Apple Macintosh SE's with FDHD floppy disk drivesrncapable of handling 1.4 MB high density floppy disks, and arnLaserWriter printer. Plastic bags containing office supplies lie onrnthe ground. \"Well, it'srnmine,\" replies Jason Treborn, majority shareholder andrnboard-chairman of the newly-founded Temporal Financial Services,rnIncorporated, an open-ended investment company. \"I can at last bernable to make decisions without having to consult some silver-spoonedrnjackass in some high-rise in Manhattan.\" \"And me, sir.\" \"You're a goodrnman, Schnaufer, and an excellent financial analyst. But let's facernit, neither of us were heading anywhere in American Pride. I mean,rnthe best I could do is some executive position in headquarters. Irnmean, a vice president's position or CEO is reserved for somerndumbass nephew of some board director who only attends meetings oncerna year and devotes his life to a golf game or fucking his mistress.rnAnd you, the best you could be there was a branch manager. Nornopportunity for either of us there. Here though, we are at the top.\" Jason goes to therndesk in his new office, opening a briefcase containing floppy disks,rnnotes, and dated photographs. The photographs are the mostrnimportant. \"Sir, I suggest wernstart hiring some employees,\" says Schnaufer. \"Good idea,\"rnreplies Jason. \"Take care of that while I read the Wall StreetrnJournal .\" And my notes fromrnthe future. Ooooooooooooo July 3, 1991 The diesel-poweredrnboat runs across the surface of the water of New York Bay. The Statuernof Liberty and the gleaming skyscrapers of lower Manhattan arernvisible from the passengers of the boat. A breeze blows in from thernAtlantic Ocean, kissing those out on the deck. \"So how is yourrnbusiness going?\" asks Jason's brother, Scott Treborn. \"We now have arnstaff of twenty financial advisors,\" replies Jason, beaming aboutrnhis proudest achievement as he gazes towards New York's financialrndistrict. \"I'm also managing some mutual funds, like the GrowthrnFund and the Capital Bond Fund and the Retirement Fund. Really hotrnstuff. I should give you my card; the office is in White Plains, justrnnorth of the city.\" \"Do you have tornthink about your business at a time like this?\" asks Andrea. \"I was justrncatching up with my brother here, that's all.\" \"Are we going tornsee Aunt Meaghan?\" asks Chrissy, Scott's thirteen-year-oldrndaughter, just starting her journey into becoming a woman. \"She has to workrntoday,\" replies Jason. \"We can see her when we go to yourrngrandpa's house.\" \"Okay, UnclernJason.\" Just a few feetrnaway, nine-year-old Evan Treborn, wearing a Teenage Mutant NinjarnTurtles T-shirt and blue jeans, looks at Manhattan through arntelescope. His uncle Scott and aunt Dana and their children –rnChrissy, Nick, and Patti – are visiting from Tustin, California forrnthe summer, arriving yesterday. They had all seen the movie RobinrnHood: Prince of Thieves that day, and tonight they will haverndinner with Chris and Lucinda Treborn, and after that they plan tornsee the movie Terminator 2: Judgment Day , which premieres thisrnday. Today though, they tour New York City. \"How do you handlernthree?\" asks Andrea. \"You just do, Irnguess,\" replies Dana Treborn, Scott's wife. \"And you definitelyrnneed a support system.\" Scott approaches hisrnyounger brother. \"You know, how about we take a little side trip tornAtlantic City tonight?\" \"Maybe.\" \"I'll take arnpicture of all of us,\" says Scott. \"Evan!\" Jasonrncalls out. \"We're gonna take a picture now.\" \"Coming,\"rnreplies the nine-year-old, gathering with his parents and his cousinsrnand his aunt. Scott takes thernpicture. Another picture is then taken, with Chrissy holding therncamera. Jason and Andrearnlook out toward the Statue of Liberty. \"I wonder what'srngoing to happen in a few years,\" says Andrea. \"Sometimes I don'trnhave to wonder,\" replies her husband. Oooooooooooo September 29,rn1995 \"Tommy, I'mrnbored shitless over here,\" says thirteen-year-old Evan Treborn,rnsmoking a cigarette. \"Hold your horses,rnman,\" replies Tommy Miller. \"It's here somewhere. I saw it whenrnI was a kid.\" Evan, Tommy,rnKayleigh, and Lenny are all in the basement of the Miller home thisrnmorning, smoking cigarettes. The basement is packed with a whole lotrnof junk. Rummaging through the junk, Tommy tosses Lenny a copy of Playboy Magazine . Tommy looks at the naked form of Miss Augustrn1995, Rachel Jean Marteen. \"We should gornsoon,\" Kayleigh says to Tommy. \"If Dad catches us smoking downrnhere, we're dead.\" \"So let's go,\"rnsays Evan, agreeing with Kayleigh and not wanting his dad tornfind out what he is doing down here. \"This place creeps me out.\" As Evan, Lenny, andrnKayleigh stand up, Tommy picks up an old Thermos bottle, shaking it.rnSomething inside is clearly heard. \"I knew it hadrnsomething to do with the army,\" says Tommy. He opens the Thermosrnand takes out a tiny stick of dynamite, grinning with mischief.rn\"Let's blow the shit out of something!\" ooooooooooooooo The forest is huge,rnwith tall trees sprouting from the ground. Centuries ago, the forestrnwas much bigger, once extending all the way to what would be calledrnthe Harlem River. This remnant is slowly losing its battle torndevelopers. \"My dad wants tornsend me to some private high school next year,\" says Evan, walkingrnthrough the forest with his friends. \"An all-boys' highrnschool. They say the school was around since before the Revolution.\" \"He's justrntrying to do what's best for you,\" says Kayleigh. \"I want to be withrnyou.\" \"Hey guys!\"rnshouts Lenny, wheezing. \"Slow up, would you?\" \"Evan,rndid I tell you?\" asks Kayleigh. \"My mother said I might be ablernto visit her this summer in Orlando with her new family.\" \"Whatrndid I say about mentioning that bitch?\" asks Tommy, with anger inrnhis voice. \"Wherernthe hell are you taking us anyway?\" asks Kayleigh, discomfort inrnher voice. \"Just blow something up already.\" \"Justrnblow something up? Are you nuts? There's an art to mass destruction.rnWould you just paint the Mona Lisa? No. Besides, we're here already.\" Thernfour of them approach a street. It is the edge of the encroachingrnresidential development of colonial-style houses. The houses havernmailboxes which are replicas fo the homes that they serve. \"Herernyou go, buddy,\" says Tommy, handing the little stick of dynamite tornLenny. \"What?\"rnreplies Lenny. \"No frigging way, man. I'm not touching that thing.\" \"Thernhell you aren't. Anyone of us does it, you'll puss out and narc forrnsure.\" \"Ain'trngonna work this time, buddy. Look how small that fuse is! I'll getrnkilled.\" \"Notrnnecessarily,\" says Evan. He takes his lit cigarette, removes thernfuse, and jams it into the unlit end. \"That should buy you tenrnminutes at least.\" \"Gee,rnthanks friend,\" replies Lenny. Ooooooooooooo \"Thisrnis what we need,\" says Bob Schnaufer, sitting inside Jason'srnoffice at Temporal Financial Services. \"These up-and-comingrncompanies have solid growth potential.\" Jasonrnlooks up at his longtime assistant. \"And you think there'srnsomething to this Internet?\" \"Yes,rnsir. The Internet's gonna be the next biggest thing. Already everyrnuniversity has a web site. Government agencies have websites. Allrnthose big companies have web sites. We don't have a webrnsite.\" \"It'srnjust a bunch of people looking at a fucking screen.\" \"It'srngonna revolutionize society. People will make purchases online. Lookrnat stock quotes online. Book air fare, hotel rooms online.\" \"Yeah,rnand I suppose that bars and coffeeshops will have Internet terminalsrnfor their customers.\" Jason'srncell phone, a Motorola, rings. He flips it open. \"Yes?\"rnasks Jason. \"It'srnme, Jason,\" says Andrea. \"Something's up.\" \"Whatrnis it?\" \"Evan'srnfriend Lenny got freaked out when they and Tommy and Kayleigh werernbuilding a fort in the woods. Lenny was rushed to the hospital. I'mrnhere at the hospital with the Kagans.\" \"Irnsee.\" Jason had met Lenny Kagan a few times over the years. \"Whyrnweren't they at school?\" \"Itrnwas a student-free day; the teachers had a meeting.\" \"I'llrntalk to you as soon as I get home.\" \"Canrnyou be home by 5:00?\" \"Uh,rnsure,\" Jason says grudgingly. \"See you.\" Hernturns his attention to Schnaufer. \"Arnlot of potential with the Internet.\" \"Bob,rnever heard of tulips?\" \"Uhrnyeah, Jason.\" \"Irndid a paper on the Dutch tulip crash, back when I was in college.rnTulips took a long time to grow, so people sold tulip bulbs. Soon,rnpeople were bidding up the prices of tulips, in order to sell it tornsomeone else and make a profit. They were speculating. Then, one day,rnthe price plummeted and fortunes were wiped out. People even lostrntheir homes. I'm not going to risk my company on some damn tuliprncraze.\" Ooooooooooooo Jasonrndrives the 1995 Lincoln Continental towards the multiplex theater,rnthe song \"Black Hole Sun\" by Soundgarden playing on the stereornsystem. The sunset casts the sky in orange. Stopping the car andrnputting the brake in park, he drops off Evan, Tommy, and Kayleigh. \"Haverna great time,\" says Jason. \"Don't worry about Lenny; I'm surernhe'll be fine.\" \"Uh,rnthanks, Mr. Treborn,\" says Kayleigh. Jasonrndrives the black Lincoln Continental away. \"Wipernthat sad-assed look off your face before you get us all busted,\"rnsays Tommy. \"You see the way Evan's dad was looking at you?\" \"I'mrnsorry,\" says Kayleigh. \"Irnjust hope my mom and dad don't find out about the mailbox,\" saysrnEvan. Tommyrngrabs Evan's jacket and shoves him against a wall, near a plaquernadvertising the movie Se7en . \"Don'trnever bring that shit up again,\" he says. \"Not ever. Not to me,rnnot to Kayleigh, or even Lenny. The stupid fuck if he ever learns torntalk again. Understand?\" Evanrnmeekly nods. \"Ever,\"rnrepeats Tommy, shoving Evan. \"She don't want to talk about it,rnanyway. Do you Kayleigh?\" ooooooooooooo ThernSony color television in the living room is on as Andrea washes therndishes. A local newscast is on the TV. \"...wasrnthe grizzly aftermath of what police officials of upstate New Yorkrnare calling a horrible act of vandalism gone awry,\" says the newsrnanchor. \"The powerful explosion is believed to have been caused byrna small quantity of dynamite.\" Jason enters the house, having takenrnout the trash. \"Police thus far have no leads as to thernsuspects...\" Andrearnshuts off the TV with the remote control, trembling. \"What'srnwrong?\" asks her husband, catching her feelings. Ooooooooooooo Evanrnand Kayleigh step out of the multiplex theater. It is alreadyrnnighttime; the parking lot is lit with the lampposts. Arnpair of headlights approaches the two. They come from the blackrnLincoln Continental that belongs to Evan's dad. Therntwo of them get into the backseat. Evan's parents are sitting atrnthe front. Jason releases the brake and drives away from the parkingrnlot. \"Howrnwas the movie?\" asks Jason. \"Okay,\"rnreplies Kayleigh. \"Anyrnexploding mailboxes?\" asks Andrea. Evanrnand Kayleigh flinch, a vice gripping both of their hearts. \"Whatrndo you mean?\" asks Kayleigh, trembling. Jasonrnpulls the car over. Kayleigh sees that she is at her house. She boltsrnfrom the Continental. \"Goodrnnight,\" says Andrea. Jasonrnwordlessly drives to his home. Oooooooooooo \"Whatrndo we do?\" asks Andrea, lying down in the bed. \"Werndon't know exactly what happened,\" says Jason. \"Maybe they werernjust witnesses or something.\" \"Stoprnthe bullshit. We know they were just more than witnesses.\" Jasonrnnods. \"Listen,rnI think we should move far away from here before the police connectrnEvan to the crime. We can go to my parents in Pennsylvania, or yourrnbrother in California.\" Jasonrngets up. \"There is something I can do. But I'll need tornfind out exactly what happened, and I know whom to go to.\" Jasonrnwalks down the hall to his son's bedroom. \"Dad,\"rnsays Evan. \"Evan,rnyou will tell me exactly what happened,\" says Jason. \"Nothingrnhappened.\" \"Bullshit!\"rnyells his father. \"If you don't tell me exactly what Irnwant to know, I'm turning you over to the police!\" ooooooooooooo Octoberrn2, 1995 Jasonrngets out of the Lincoln Continental and heads straight for hisrnoffice. \"Goodrnmorning, Mr. Treborn,\" says Bob Schnaufer as he sees his boss enterrnthe main office. \"Morning,rnSchnaufer,\" replies Jason. \"I'm a little busy.\" \"Yournhave a morning meeting, sir.\" \"Tellrnthem I will be delayed by a few minutes.\" Jasonrnenters his private office, turning on the Apple Macintosh LC 580 onrnhis desk, which is equipped with a 500 MB hard disk drive, a 1.44 MBrnfloppy disk drive, and a CD-ROM drive. The 14\" color screen revealsrnthe happy Mac icon, followed by the \"Welcome to Macintosh\"rnmessage. The Macintosh desktop appears before him. He opens thernfolder containing scanned images of himself, taken in this office.rnEach image is dated. Hernopens the image labeled \"Sep-1-1995, staring intently. Oooooooooooooo Septemberrn1, 1995 Jasonrnfinds himself holding a Polaroid camera. The picture leaves thernpicture slot. Hernnotices that the Macintosh LC 580 is still on. The date on the cornerrnreads 9/1/1995. I'mrnback. I haven't turned thirty-six yet. Hernimmediately opens the TeachText program. He types everything he knowsrnabout what will happen on September 29th. Afterrnsaving the message in a folder labeled Future messages, he takes thernphotograph and scans it on the nearby scanner. He makes sure to savernthe file with the name \"Sep-1-1995\". Arnwoman with tightly-curled black hair enters the room; he recognizesrnher as the secretary. \"I've a message for you, Mr. Treborn,\"rnshe says. \"Thanks,\"rnreplies Jason. Oooooooooo Septemberrn29, 1995 \"Notrnnecessarily,\" says Evan. He takes his lit cigarette, removes thernfuse, and jams it into the unlit end. \"That should buy you tenrnminutes at least.\" \"Gee,rnthanks friend,\" replies Lenny. Arnhand grabs the little stick of dynamite. The still-lit cigaretternfalls off onto the pavement. \"Whatrnthe hell is this?\" demands an adult voice. \"Mr.rnTreborn?\" says Kayleigh, surprised. The others look at him, sharing Kayleigh's expression. Jasonrngrabs Evan's left ear, pulling him. \"We're going home now,rnEvan,\" he says. \"The rest of you, you'll be hearing from yourrnparents soon enough.\" Ooooooooooo Octoberrn2, 1995 JasonrnTreborn finds himself back in his office. The date on the computerrnscreen reads 10/2/1995. Didrnit work? Thenrnthe memories flash right into his head; blood trickles from his nose. Ooooooooo Thatrnafternoon, Jason returns home. He had passed by the house where thernbomb would have gone off. The mailbox is still intact. Presumably,rnMrs. Halpern and her baby are still alive. Hernopens the door to Evan's room. His son looks meekly at him. \"Why?\"rnasks Jason. \"We'vernbeen through this before, Dad.\" \"Dornyou know how close you came to killing someone? You should be luckyrnyou'll never know!\" \"Dad,rnI'm sorry, okay.\" \"Irnwant an explanation. It's for your own good, because I want to knowrnwhy you do this shit. If we don't get into the reasons behind this,rnnext time you might kill yourself or someone else.\" \"Yournwere gonna send me to that school, away from my friends,\" saysrnEvan. \"I want to go to high school with Lenny and Tommy andrnKayleigh.\" \"Irnonly want what's the best for you, Evan. They're a great school.rnAnd after what happened last Friday, your friends obviouslyrndemonstrated their bad influence.\" \"Please,rnDad. I want to see them again someday.\" Jasonrnlooks at his son, staying silent for a minute. \"You won't bernseeing anyone outside of school until next year,\" he says.rn\"And I doubt their parents will let you see them even if I let yournleave the house. Still, after your punishment is over, I am open tornsupervised visits. I can't promise anything except I'll talk tornthem.\" \"Okay,rnDad,\" says Evan. Jasonrnwalks to the kitchen. His wife Andrea is there, with USDA choice beefrnon the counter. \"Whomrnare you calling, dear?\" she asks as Jason picks up the phone. \"GeorgernMiller,\" replies Jason. \"Isrnit about what happened last Friday?\" \"Sortrnof. I'm going to talk about supervised visits next year. I see nornproblem with Evan being with his friends after his punishment'srnover. He's a good kid; we just have to correct him when he doesrnshit like this.\" \"Thernnumber you have dialed has been disconnected or no longer inrnservice,\" says a voice. \"Whatrnthe?\" asks Jason, dialing Miller's number again. Herngets the same response. \"Maybernhe forgot to pay his phone bill,\" says Jason. He dials the numberrnfor the Kagans. \"Hello?\"rnasks a female voice. \"Thisrnis Jason Treborn,\" says Jason. \"Hi,rnMr. Treborn,\" says Mrs. Kagan. \"Are you talking about what Lennyrndid? You want to talk to him? He's not allowed to talk on thernphone, but if you want me to get him.\" \"No,rnMrs. Kagan. I was wondering if someday, you would allow supervisedrnvisits between Evan and Lenny.\" \"Supervisedrnvisits?\" \"They'rerngood kids who got into a shitload of trouble. They won't be seeingrneach other for a while; I've no problem with them seeing each otherrnnext year.\" \"I'llrntalk about this with my husband. We'll discuss this next January.\" \"Thanks.\" Ooooooooooo Octoberrn4, 1995 JasonrnTreborn drives his Lincoln Continental this Wednesday morning. Herntakes a little detour before heading to Temporal Financial Services.rn\"I Have Nothing\" by Whitney Houston plays on the stereo. Herndrives up towards the Miller home; he had tried to contact GeorgernMiller, but the phone is disconnected. Hernnotices a U-Haul truck parked, with movers moving the stuff out. Hernparks the car and steps out. \"Excusernme,\" he says. \"Is George Miller here?\" \"Who?\"rnasks the mover, clad in a blue outfit. \"Oh, the owner. He's notrnhere. He already moved and he told us to pick up the rest of hisrnstuff. He gave us a copy of his house keys.\" \"Oh,\"rnhe says. Jason gets into his car, driving to his job in White Plains. Oooooooooooooo Thatrnevening, Evan looks through the window, feeling worse than when hisrndad caught him with that tiny stick of dynamite. Kayleighrnis gone. Ooooooooooooo Octoberrn20, 1995 \"I'mrntelling you, Mr. Treborn,\" says Bob Schnaufer. \"The Internet isrnthe future.\" \"I'vernread your report and told you why I disagree,\" says Jason. \"Sir,rnwe have to take this opportunity. It's once in a lifetime.\" \"Yournwant to risk money in a fool's venture, find your own company!\"[Chapter 11] September 17, 1999 Opening hisrneyelids, seventeen-year-old Evan Treborn awakes in his bedroom. Afterrnusing the bathroom as part of his typical morning routine, he walksrnto the kitchen. Both of his parents are having breakfast. \"Evan,\" saysrnAndrea, \"we're not going to be here for dinner tonight.\" \"Where are yournguys going?\" asks Evan, pouring himself a bowl of Kellogg's CornrnPops. \"We're going torna dinner banquet in Manhattan,\" says Jason. \"We'll stayrnovernight at a hotel and we'll be back Saturday morning.\" \"You can havernsome friends over,\" says Andrea. \"No girls though.\" \"Sure, Mom.\" \"You can call usrnon our cell phones if there's any emergency,\" says Jason. Evan feelsrnsomething rub up against his leg. \"Want somernbreakfast, Crockett?\" Evan asks the ten-year-old cocker spaniel. Oooooooooooooo It is evening, andrnthousands of lights light up Manhattan. Most people are on their wayrnhome for work, while others work full-time jobs. In southernrnManhattan is the World Trade Center, a complex of seven buildingsrnlocated in Manhattan's financial district, containing 13.4 millionsrnsquare feet of office space. Jason and AndrearnTreborn, both clad in fine clothes, arrive in the lobby of One WorldrnTrade Center, a tower rising one hundred ten stories above thernground. They walk to one of the express elevators, where others inrnbusiness suits, many of them here for the banquet, are alreadyrnwaiting. The doors open, and the elevator whisks them to the skyrnlobby at the seventy-eighth floor sky lobby. From there they take arnlocal elevator to the one hundred seventh floor. Jason and Andrearnwalk through a door. \"Welcome tornWindows on the World,\" says a host. \"We're here forrn the dinner banquet,\" says Jason, extending his engravedrninvitation. \"Someone willrnescort you, sir,\" replies the host. Less than a minuternlater, Jason and Andrea are led into one of the banquet rooms atrnWindows on the World. They are seated at a cloth-covered table. Arnstreet map of Manhattan is printed on the carpet. Two candles adornrnthe table. The window reveals New York City at night. More and morernpeople enter the banquet room. Dinner is roastedrntenderloin covered with a sherry sauce and garlic, sautéedrnscallops, white cheddar mashed potatoes, and vegetables. Jason andrnAndrea eat dinner, talking about their history, and their dreams,rneven while guests of honor make speeches \"I think I'mrngonna go over to the bar and have some drinks,\" says Jason afterrnfinishing his main course. \"Gotta mingle with my peers, you know.\" \"Okay, dear,\"rnreplies Andrea. \"Maybe I'll join you later.\" The forty-year-oldrncorporate chairman walks to the Greatest Bar on Earth, which adjoinsrnWindows on the World. Many people from the banquet are here, sippingrndrinks. \"Get me arnscrewdriver,\" says Jason, walking to the bar. \"Okay, sir,\"rnreplies the bartender, a man dressed in black pants, white shirt,rnblack vest, and black bowtie. He grabs Absolut vodka from the counterrnin the back and mixes it with some orange juice. Jason hands thernbartender a credit card. He walks around with his drink, to beginrnnetworking with others in his field. \"Treborn,\"rnsomeone says. \"It has been such a long time.\" Jason looks around,rnseeing a bespectacled man in a business suit, holding arncaramel-colored drink. The man is BobrnSchnaufer, now thirty-one years old. \"Good evening,rnSchnaufer,\" says Jason. \"I suppose life has been treating yournwell.\" \"It has,\"rnreplies Schnaufer. \"You definitely did me a favor, cutting me loosernlike that. I invested my personal funds on those Internet stocks. Myrnnet worth skyrocketed. I'm a senior executive for a majorrninvestment firm, located just a few floors below us. Sure living inrnManhattan is crowded, but having a penthouse overlooking Central Parkrncan make the crowds go away, not to mention a lovely lady.\" A beautiful, bubblyrnblonde takes Schnaufer's arm. \"Oh Bobby boy,\"rnsays the blonde, wearing a red dress. \"Shall we go now?\" \"You should haverninvested in Internet stocks back when I told you,\" says BobrnSchnaufer, walking away. \"Who knows how far you could have gotten.\" Rage slowly creepsrnin Jason's mind. Oooooooooooo \"You haven'trnbeen saying much,\" says Andrea, standing inside the expressrnelevator as it heads to the ground-floor level of One World TradernCenter. \"I just ran intornBob Schnaufer today,\" replies her husband. \"He used to workrnfor you, right?\" \"Yes. We hadrndisagreements as to invest into Internet companies. If I had investedrnin those companies back then…\" \"We're alreadyrnmillionaires now, Jason. Don't worry about it. It's not likernwe're gonna end up in the poorhouse.\" \"The Internet wasrnthe biggest thing that happened in investment history, and Irnscoffed at it ! I missed the early years and now this boom is uponrnus. If I could only go back and put money into the Internet before itrnbecame hot shit.\" The elevator doorsrnopen. \"You don't have to do that,\" says Andrea. \"We havernenough.\" Ooooooooooooo September 20,rn1999 Jason parks thern1995 Lincoln Continental and walks to his private office at TemporalrnFinancial Services. Immediately turning on the Apple Macintosh LCrn580, he ponders on exactly what to write as the Macintosh'srnoperating system boots up. He opens the folderrncontaining scanned 1995 photos. He searches his memory to recall whenrnSchnaufer had advised him to go into Internet stocks. He sees thernphotograph dated Oct-2-1995. He remembers that day; it was when hernhad gone back in time to stop Evan and his friends from blowing up arnmailbox, killing a young mother and her baby girl. After his return,rnhe had taken a photograph. He stares into thernphotograph. And falls into thernpast. Ooooooooooooo October 2, 1995 Jason findsrnhimself holding the Polaroid camera, and the photograph is ejectedrnfrom the slot. Checking thernscreen of the Macintosh, therndate reads 10/2/1995. I wonderrnif I should be this. I am still a millionaire. He opens thernTeachText program to type a message for his thirty-six-year-old selfrnto read. Septemberrn20, 1999 October 2, 1995 In the next fourrnyears, the prices of Internet company stocks such as Amazon, Google,rnYahoo!, Lycos, E-Bay, Expedia, and Travelocity will skyrocket. Please make sure tornmake appropriate investments. And make sure tornkeep Schanufer around; he has very good insight. Fromrnthe future, JasonrnTreborn Jason saves therndocument for his past self to read. He then scans the photograph thatrnhad just been taken and saves the file into the 1995 Photos folder. And he waits, justrngoing about the rest of the day, having meetings and talking tornclients. It is rather annoying to have to relive a typical day. Notrnfor the first time, he wonders if he would have to relive everyrnsecond up to the time he flashed back from. He walks into BobrnSchnaufer's office. \"Is therernanything?\" asks Schnaufer. \"This Internetrnthing, Schnaufer,\" says Jason. \"I've been looking it over andrnthere might be something to it.\" \"It's the nextrnrevolution, sir. Missing out on this would be like an investorrnmissing out on the Industrial Revolution.\" Jason smiles. \"I'llrntake a further look at those companies before making a decision. I'mrnsure that waiting a day or two won't hurt.\" He closes therndoor behind him. He knows for a fact Schnaufer is right; hernwill not admit it this early. He has lunch at therncafé, and continues the rest of his work day. Then, around 4 PM,rntime seems to fast forward. Ooooooooooo September 20, 1999 The firstrnthing Jason Treborn notices after the images flash by is a poundingrnheadache. He next noticesrnsomething trickling from his nose. Grabbing arnhandkerchief from his pocket, he pinches his nose. With his eyes herncan see a screen displaying Netscape Navigator. Leaning back, herncan see that the screen is not that of a Macintosh LC 580. He looks at therndesk, and it is different from the one he had back in 1995. It isrnmade of wood instead of steel, for one. The telephone is a differentrnmodel than what he is used to. The chair alsornfeels different. Bending his neck, he can see the seat is wellrncushioned, with black leather covering the chair. Looking past hisrndesk, he has a full view of his office. The office is much largerrnthan one he had before; it appears bigger than the office suiternTemporal Financial Services had in 1995. The floor is covered inrnblack marble tiles. Plaques are pinned to the wall. Looking behind himrnhe can see two other skyscrapers as well as a huge grid of streets ofrnbuildings. He recognizes this as a recently constructed commercialrndevelopment in White Plains; in fact, he remembers a few years agorndiscussing this with the developers. From the view he can tell he isrnvery high up. Jason gets uprnand walks across the marble-tiled floor. He sees a framed copy of BusinessWeek hanging on the wall. The cover has hisrnown picture on it, with the caption, \"America's Finance Guru –rnJason Treborn Explains How to Secure Yourself Financially\". Hot shit. Lookingrnfurther, he sees photographs of him together with President BillrnClinton and Governor George Pataki. He opens a singlerndoor to the right of the room. Inside is a marble sink with brassrnhandles and a faucet. The floor has the same black marble tile; thisrnroom is a private bathroom. He walks backrnto his desk and uses the computer – he sees that it is a PowerrnMacintosh G4. He opens the Bookmarks menu to select the web site forrnTemporal Financial Services. The web site looks the same on firstrninspection. The front page advertises the company's services; itrnoffers the same services as before. He clicks on thernlink explaining the company's history. Foundedrnin 1991 in White Plains, New York, Temporal Financial Services hasrnbeen offering a wide variety of products and services. It has grownrnfrom one office to a network of branch offices nationwide. Therncompany went public in 1996, with an IPO of sixty dollars per share. Today,rnTemporal Financial Services is America's leading financial servicesrncompany, with a reputation for staying ahead, offering brokeragernservices, financial advice, and mutual funds. Its income, reported inrn1998, was one hundred ten million dollars. Temporal Financial Services – Threernsteps ahead of fate. Jason then clicksrnon another link. Born andrnraised in a small town in Connecticut, Jason Treborn started hisrncareer in financial services with an internship with American PridernFinancial Services. He was hired as a financial advisor after hisrngraduation with a Bachelor of Science in Finance. In 1991,rnhe went on his own, founding Temporal Financial Services, which hasrngrown to a network of over two thousand financial advisors across thernnation. Today,rnMr. Treborn serves as chairman of Temporal Financial Services andrnsits on the boards of several charitable organizations in New York.rnHe has appeared as a guest host on CNN's Moneyline . Jason continuesrnbrowsing the company web site. The telephone on his desk here. \"This is JasonrnTreborn,\" he says. \"Mr. Treborn,\"rnsays a female voice. \"Your 10:15 appointment is here, sir.\" \"Thanks.\" The wooden doorsrnopen, and a man in his fifties, dressed in business attire, entersrnthe room. \"Ah, goodrnmorning,\" says Jason, extending his hand. \"Mr. Treborn,\"rnreplies the guest. \"Nice speech you gave at the banquet Friday.rnNice office you have here.\" \"We can get yournsome snacks, sir.\" \"I am a busy man.rnHow about we get down to business?\" oooooooooooo After a morning ofrnreading reports, Jason finally leaves his office. The décor ofrnthe Temproal Financial Services office suite is much richer than itrnwas in 1995. \"Oh, Mr.rnTreborn,\" a voice calls. Jason turns around,rnrecognizing Bob Schnaufer. \"The staff and Irnmade some reports on that business proposal with Sony,\" says BobrnSchnaufer. \"How about werndiscuss this after lunch, Schnaufer?\" asks Jason. \"Okay, sir.\" Oooooooooooooo After a dayrnconsisting mostly of reading reports and holding meetings, Jasonrnleaves the office and walks to the elevator- noting that TemporalrnFinancial Services is located on the 27th floor penthouse. The elevatorrndescends to the lobby of the building. Jason and the others in thernelevator step out onto marble-tiled floor of the lobby. A waterrnfountain serves as a centerpiece. A Wells Fargo bank is located nextrnto the lobby, packed with customers. \"Have a goodrnevening, Mr. Treborn,\" says Schnaufer. Jason walks to thernparking lot, seeing his 1995 Lincoln Continental. He notes that thernspace is reserved for the Chairman of TFS, Inc. Stepping into therncar, he starts the engine and drives off. The song \"You Were MeantrnFor Me\" by Jewel plays on the stereo. Earlier he hadrnchecked the address on his New York driver's license, noting thatrnhe now lives in Rye, New York. He checked a road map to find out howrnto get to where his home is now in this revised history. As herndrives, Jason notes that the route seems familiar. He turns on to arnresidential street. On both sides are mansions with well-manicuredrnfront lawns. He checks the numbers painted onto the curb. And then he steersrnthe Continental onto a driveway. The driveway leads to a garagernattached to this huge brick mansion. A balcony hangs directly abovernthe front door. Jason feels familiar with this place. Opening the thickrnwooden front doors, Jason emerges into the front room, the floorrncovered in white marble tiles. A stairway rises from the floor to arnplatform, where stairs rise from the left and right to an interiorrnbalcony. The railing is varnished wood, and Jason can see that thernsupport pillars are finely carved with intricate patterns. Walking through arndoor to the right of the front hall, he steps onto the soft carpet ofrnthe living room. Inside the room are couches, a Pioneer plasma colorrntelevision with an attached satellite box, and an Aiwa stereo systemrnthat is currently playing the song \"Torn\" by Natalie Imbruglia. Two teenage boysrnsit at the coffee table reading textbooks. \"Hi, Dad,\" saysrnEvan Treborn. \"Hello,\"rnreplies Jason. \"Oh, hi, Lenny.\" \"Hello, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says seventeen-year-old Lenny Kagan. Evan and I arernstudying.\" \"Good. And howrnare your parents?\" \"Fine, sir.\" \"I had dinnerrnwith the Kagans last Friday,\" says Evan. \"You know, when you andrnMom went to that banquet in Manhattan.\" \"Of course,\"rnreplies Jason. He goes to the main hall and enters the kitchen. Thernkitchen's countertops are covered with blue tiles. The sink'srnfaucet and handles are made of brass. The Kenmore refrigeratorrnincludes an ice and water dispenser. The interior of the refrigeratorrnhas two liters of Coke, some Budweiser beer, a bottle of wine, andrntwo water pitchers. Jason then leaves the kitchen and walks up thernstairs, walking along the balcony and going through a door to thernsecond floor hallway. Walking into one of the rooms of the mansion,rnhe sees a collection of Nautilus workout equipment. He takes a closerrninspection. \"Gonna work outrnin those clothes?\" Jason turns andrnsees his wife Andrea. \"Hi there,\" he says. \"How was your day?\" \"I was over atrnthe kitchen with Irene,\" says Andrea, referring to a soup kitchenrnfor veterans. \"The stories people will tell.\" Jason takes hisrnwife into his arms. Oooooooooooooo November 25, 1999 Immersed inrnhot sunflower oil, the turkey cooks inside the deep-fryer at arntemperature of three hundred seventy degrees Fahrenheit; steamingrnfrom the inside out. A propane gas tank heats the pot. \"Only a few morernminutes,\" says Andrea, looking at a Casio digital stopwatch. \"Interestingrnmethod of cooking a turkey,\" says her husband. Jason and Andrearnare outside in the backyard patio, surrounded by the autumnscape. Arngreenhouse is attached to the mansion; flowering plants are visiblernfrom here. In the backyard is a huge oak tree. A fire extinguisher isrnclose at hand. Both of them wear aprons and googles and thick gloves. \"My mom usedrndeep-fried turkeys. Keeps the moisture in. I learned how tio do thisrnover twenty years ago.\" \"My mom was fromrnAlabama; deep-fried food is a tradition in her family.\" It takes about anrnhour to finish deep-frying the turkey. \"I'll preparernthe French fries,\" says Jason even as his wife places therndeep-fried turkey into the kitchen. \"It should be easier to handlernthan the turkey.\" Jason smiles at arnJVC digital video camera mounted on a tripod. Ooooooooooooo The doorbell rings. Jason, clad in arnsweater and khaki pants, walks to the front hall opening the door. \"Jason,\" saysrnto his brother Scott. \"Welcome to myrnhome,\" he says to Scott and the others. \"I am impressedrnby this place,\" says Dana, who is Scott's wife. Four other peoplernenter the mansion. \"Hi, UnclernJason,\" says a twenty-two-year-old blond-haired woman. \"Hello, Chrissy,\"rnsays Jason. A man in his earlyrntwenties with slick black hair, wearing a sweatshirt, enters andrnplaces his arm around Chrissy's waist. \"Hello there,\"rnsays Jason. \"What was your name?\" \"Roland. RolandrnCaculitan.\" \"Well, come onrnin.\" Jason remembers attending Roland and Chrissy's wedding in California a fewrnmonths ago. \"How are you two doing?\" \"We're doingrnwell,\" says Chrissy, patting her bulging belly. \"So when willrndinner be ready? I'm eating for two, you know.\" The doorbell ringsrnagain. \"I'll getrnthat,\" says Evan. He looks through the peephole and opens the door. \"Grandpa,\" hernsays. \"Evan,\" repliesrnseventy-two-year-old Chris Treborn, his hair now mostly gray. \"Hi, Dad,\" saysrnJason, giving his father a hug. \"Good to see you,rnJason,\" says Chris. He goes on to greet his son, daughters-in-law,rnand grandchildren. They all update each other on their lives. \"So what do yourndo now, Grandpa?\" asks Scott's nineteen-year-old son, Nick. \"I jog in thernmornings, watch TV, sometimes I go to the senior citizens' center.rnI still has some life ahead of me.\" \"I'm sure yournhave twenty or thirty years left, Dad,\" says Jason. \"And you knowrnthis how?\" \"Just guessing.\" \"Hi there,\"rnsays a female voice. Andrea looks andrnsees her sister-in-law, Meaghan Treborn. \"Hello there,\" she says. \"We're allrnhere, and it's already six,\" says Jason. \"Let's eat!\" Inside the mainrndining room, a deep-fried turkey sits on top of a bed of French friesrnwhich sits on a plate which sits on a cloth-covered table.rnAccompanying the turkey are some bottles of red wine, a casserolerndish full of stuffing, and sourdough bread rolls in a basket. Jasonrntakes a a huge Cutco carving knife and carves the turkey. The othersrnin the room look with hunger. They all takernslices of moist turkey, hcewing it in their mouths. \"This is somerngreat shit,\" says Scott after swallowing a piece of turkey. \"Itrnis a lot better than the turkey they served us in 'Nam back inrnThanksgiving of 1970. That shit was as dry as a bone.\" \"You should thankrnAndrea,\" says Jason. \"She cooked it.\" \"And my motherrntaught me,\" says Andrea. \"you know,\"rnChris says to Roland, who is new to the family, \"My ancestor,rnEzekiel Treborn, was at the first Thanksgiving; he came aboard the Mayflower. \"That'srninteresting,\" replies Roland. In about an hourrnthe turkey is finished. The party moves from the formal dining roomrnto a den. The den is covered with a hardwood floor. A huge Pioneerrnplasma television is the centerpiece, with a satellite box and arnToshiba VHS video cassette recorder. Evan turns the television on,rnand a football game is displayed on the plasma screen. Sometimernlater, a commercial appears, starring Sam Waterston from Law andrnOrder . \"When it comes tornyour money, your future,\" Waterston says in the commercial. \"nobodyrnis more trustworthy than Temporal Financial Services. For eight yearsrnthey have helped Americans plan for the future and build shelters tornprepare for what life throws at them.\" \"TemporalrnFinancial Services,\" says another voice as the logo for the companyrnappears. \"Three steps ahead of fate.\" The football gamerncontinues. About two hours later, Jason leaves. He walks through arndoor to the greenhouse. He sees his father standing near one of therntropical orchids. \"Nice place yourngot here,\" says Chris. \"We had itrnconstructed last year,\" says Jason. \"Gardening is one of Andrea'srnhobbies.\" \"You've madernyourself quite a fortune, Jason.\" \"I worked hardrnfor it, Dad.\" \"I remember thernlast Thanksgiving I had with your grandfather. It was back in 1946.\" \"How is he doing?\" \"Your grandpa'srnstill alive and in the institution.\" \"He has to bernover a hundred.\" \"Yes, he is. Irnfirst heard about your grandpa being committed back in 1948. Yourrngrandma wrote me a letter. I took leave from the Marine Corps in 1949rnand came to visit him. My conversations were interesting.\" \"you know how hernhas that fantasy memory, Dad,\" says Jason. \"That's what Irnthought first,\" replies Chris. \"When I first spoke with him, hernlast remembered that it was October of 1962.\" \"But it was 1949rnwhen you spoke with him.\" \"Yes. Dad told mernthat he had been elected President of the United States in 1960. Hernsaid that in October of 1962, the Soviets had missiles in Cuba. Theyrnrefused to back down, so your grandpa acted. There was a nuclearrnworld war over the next several days.\" Jason recalls thatrnpart of history from his history classes. \"That did not happen yetrnwhen he told you.\" \"I know. Itrnwasn't until the Cuban Missile Crisis happened that I knew he wasrnright. Meanwhile, I started having these flashbacks when I looked atrnpictures.\" \"When did thesernstart?\" asks Jason. \"I remember itrnwas when I was serving in Korea. I looked at old pictures and then Irnrelived that moment. I didn't think nothing of it at first. Later,rnI think it was '54, I was looking at some old pictures of me, andrnthen I found myself back there for a while.\" \"So you couldrnrelive your wedding with Mom, right?\" \"Yes. I wasrnbeginning to wonder what this was though. By '54 I was out of thernMarines, your mom and I raising your older brother. I looked at onernpicture, taken during the Chosin Reservoir campaign.\" \"And you wentrnback.\" \"Yes. I was hopingrnto flash forward before the enemy would attack, but it was not to be.rnI was fighting in the war again. I remembered a tank coming in byrnsurprise. I ran and saw the Russian-made tank used by the Chinese. Irndrew their attention and threw a grenade into the hatch. After that Irnflashed forward.\" \"Wow,\" saysrnJason. \"It didn'trnhappen that way originally. Then tank was supposed to ambushrnus, killing my friend Ash. A few months after that, Ash contacted me.rnHe survived .\" \"So you changedrnhistory.\" \"Yes. I did morernresearch into my family history. I learned that the men in our familyrnline had a tendency to either drop dead suddenly, or end uprninstitutionalized, like your grandfather. I even found out thatrnEzekiel suffered from mental illness, unable to remember new things.rnFrom what I had learned, I found out that this ability I had wasrnpassed on from father to son, and that using this ability could leadrnto memory loss. That is why I rarely used it. I never stare at arnphotograph for too long.\" \"Did you use thisrnto try to save Mom?\" asks Jason. \"Yes,\" repliesrnChris. \"It was a risk worth taking, and I was not trying to changernsomething that happened long ago. I went back and left a note tornmyself. Obviously it didn't work. Not much you can do to preventrnsomeone dying from a stroke except try to get them to the hospitalrnearly.\" \"I guess therernare no guarantees. But don't you wish you could go back to see Momrnagain?\" \"No. I knew whatrnhappened with so many men in our family, the toll their flashbacksrntook on them. And I want to warn you about this. I know you havernthese, and I know you used them to make your fortune.\" Jason remainsrnsilent for a minute, amazed that his father figured this out. \"I'mrnjust trying to provide a better life for my wife and my son,\" saysrnJason. \"It's best tornstop now while you're ahead, Jason,\" replies Chris. \"Andrea andrnEvan might lose you if you keep trying to rewrite history for yourrnfinancial gain.\" \"Just what is thernbig deal?\" \"What right do wernhave to change the past for our own whims? What right did I have tornkill those Chinese soldiers when I went back that time?\" \"They were thernenemy.\" \"They were thernenemy of my younger self serving in the war, not a visitor from thernfuture. Who is to say that it is better that they died instead of myrnfriend Ash? If we alter history to prevent our problems, especiallyrndistant history, we can not grow as people. There are parts of myrnhistory which I did not like living through, and yet I know it wouldrnbe foolish to change things, for that could destroy the person that Irnam. And I certainly would not change the past to become ungodlyrnwealthy.\" \"I'm not sayingrnthat I'm gonna go back to change what happened years ago. Notrnanymore.\" \"This power isrndangerous,; it could cost you your health. You've made yourrnfortune, Jason. Just quit while you're ahead.\" \"You'rernjust jealous, Dad,\" snaps Jason. \"You're just jealous becausernyou had this ability, an ability few other people will ever had, andrndid nothing with it. All you had was some little grocery storernthat went out of business a few years ago. I am the chairman of onernof the most successful finance companies in the world. Look around.rnYou squandered your talents and your life. I am moving ahead. I amrngoing places. And you are going nowhere.\" \"I'm sorry,rnJason.\" Chris walks away,rntowards the mansion's living room. I told himrneverything. It is his choice now.[Chapter 12] January 1, 2000 \"Happy New Year!\" Champagne glassesrnare raised as the year 2000 is rung inside Romance at the Top of thernWorld, near the top of the Stratosphere Tower in Las Vegas, Nevada,rnwhich overlooks the Strip and the rest of the metropolitan area. Jason Treborn,rndecked out in an expensive-looking tuxedo, wraps his arms around hisrnwife's waist and kisses her. \"Happy New Year,\"rnhe says to Andrea. He looks around,rngreeting happy new year to the other guests. \"Happy New Year,rnJason\" says Scott Treborn, touching his champagne glass to Jason'srnchampagne glass. \"Happy New Year,rnScott,\" replies Jason. \"Thanks, brother.rnIt was nice of you to book me and Dana a suite here and an invitationrnto the New Years' Eve party here.\" \"Too bad thisrnplace is at the north end of the Strip,\" says Dana. She looksrnthrough the glass towards the Strip, seeing landmarks like the CircusrnCircus, the Stardust, the Mirage, the New York New York, the Luxor,rnand the Mandalay Bay. \"It takes so long to get to all of therncasinos.\" \"Happy New Year,\"rnAndrea says to Scott and Dana. A few minutes later,rnJason and Scott sit at the bar, ordering another round of drinks. \"Life's lookingrnup for me,\" says Scott. \"Every morning I look forward to wakingrnup next to Dana, you know. Not as much as you, of course, with beingrnchairman of some multi-billion dollar corporation.\" \"Hard work,rnScott,\" replies Jason. \"There's some pleasure in buildingrnsomething up. Of course, you always have to watch out for people whornwant to tear it down. They're out there, you know. Once you make itrnto the top people always want to tear you down.\" \"How's Andrea?\"rnasks Scott, changing the subject. \"She's great,\"rnsays Jason. \"We still love each other so much. It's hard for her,rnsometimes, especially if I have to fly to meet with some corporaternbigwigs, but all in all, our marriage is very rewarding.\" \"That's good.rnChrissy seems to be doing fine. Her anniversary with Roland is comingrnup in a few months. And the baby's due in April.\" \"Cool, you'rerngonna be a grandpa soon.\" \"I met Roland'srnfamily. They have a tradition of sticking together, like us Treborns.rnNo wonder he ended up with my Chrissy.\" \"They are havingrntheir first child at such a young age.\" \"You wererntwenty-two when you had Evan.\" \"I know,\" saysrnJason, sipping his blue-colored drink. \"You know, it is his seniorrnyear. He graduates this June.\" Ooooooooooo March 31, 2000 Jason Treborn entersrnthe conference room just across the hall from his private office. Therntable is long, made of mahogany wood. A side table holds a coffeepot,rnand a water cooler sits in a corner. This room is used for boardrnmeetings and meetings with the corporate staff, like right thisrnFriday afternoon. The Temporal Financial Services chairman sits on arnleather chair at the end of the table. An aide, clad in arnblack skirt-suit, hands out papers to the executives. \"We will discussrnthe current trend in the NASDAQ,\" says Jason. \"Mr. Jones, if yournwill.\" \"The NASDAQ closedrnat 4572.83 today,\" says Mr. Jones, a securities market analyst.rn\"That is 159.99 down from the opening price on March 1, a reductionrnin value of three percent.\" \"Three percentrnloss in one month ?\" asks one of the executives, a baldingrnman in a gray suit. \"A large portionrnof the stocks on the NASDAQ index have had zero income so far,\"rnsays Jones. \"I would conclude that a lot of the price increases inrnthe past year or so was due to investors speculating that the pricernwill continue to rise. The prices of those stocks are now goingrndown.\" \"And what of thernDow?\" asks CEO Bob Schnaufer. \"Over the samerntime period?\" asks Jones, flipping through the reports in front ofrnhim. \"It is up 793.21, closing at 10921.92, an increase of overrnseven percent.\" \"We do have a lotrninvested into NASDAQ stocks,\" says Jason. Ooooooooooooo June 16, 2000 The sun shines onrnthe athletic field. Three hundred boys, seventeen to eighteen yearsrnof age, clad in red gowns and red caps, all sit. Their families watchrnfrom the sidelines. In the distance are the brick buildings for thisrnelite private all-boys high school. \"Evan Treborn,\"rnannounces a voice. Eighteen-year-oldrnEvan Treborn rises up, walks to the stage, and shakes the hand of thernprincipal and one of the school's trustees. Smiling, he walks backrnto his seat. He had done it. He has finished high school. He is now arngraduate, ready to spread his wings. Then the caps go up. He disperses alongrnwith everyone else. It had been a long, exciting day for him. In thernmorning he and the rest of the class of 2000 were recognized in thernschool's auditorium. Among the vastrncrowd, he finally sees his parents. \"Congratulations,\"rnsays Jason, embracing his son. \"Thanks,\" saysrnEvan. \"So proud of you,\"rnreplies Andrea. \"Time to take morernpictures,\" says Jason, taking out a Nikon digital camera. Oooooooooooo \"Congratulations,\"rnsays Evan, now sitting at a cloth-covered table in a dimly-litrnrestaurant. \"You too, friend,\"rnsays seventeen-year-old Lenny Kagan, reaching for a tortilla chip torndip into a spinach-artichoke dip. Lenny had hisrngraduation ceremony the same time Evan did. The Treborns and thernKagans decided to celebrate their respective graduations together,rnsince the two of them could not attend each other's commencementrnceremonies. \"So, Lenny,\"rnsays Andrea, \"you excited about the future?\" \"Yeah, I'mrnlooking forward to college,\" replies Lenny. \"I know it'll berntough.\" \"I am sure Lennyrnwill do fine,\" says Mr. Kagan. \"You know he graduated withrnhonors.\" \"Evan graduatedrnwith high honors,\" says Jason. \"Let's notrncompare, Dad,\" says Evan. \"You should bernproud to graduate with high honors, Evan,\" says Mrs. Kagan. \"Thanks, Mrs.rnKagan,\" says Evan. \"I remember back when I first met Lenny; itrnwas his fifth birthday. So much time has passed. So many people comernand gone. Sometimes I wish I can go back.\" \"Yeah, we surernmade memories.\" The waitress comesrnby, serving the entrees to the party. \"Jason once showedrnme this trick, about twenty years ago, when we were in college,\"rnsays Andrea. \"He told me that he can recall a memory if it wasrnphotographed. Like, he can recall everything that happened.\" \"That's reallyrnneat stuff,\" says Lenny. \"You mean Mr. Treborn could like,rnrevisit your wedding day?\" \"I could,\" saysrnJason, sticking a fork into a small boiled carrot. \"Of course, Irnwouldn't be able to show you since I can't take you along.\" \"I suppose thernmind plays tricks,\" says Evan. \"I'm thinking of becoming arnpsychology major when I go to college.\" Oooooooooooo December 15, 2000 Jason Treborn looksrnat the Yahoo! Finance web site. He makes calculations using thernCalculator desktop accessory. \"Look!\" he saysrnto Bob Schnaufer, sitting across from him. \"NASDAQ's downrnthirty-six percent since the start of the year. Dow is down ninernpercent.\" \"Well, sir,\"rnsays Schnaufer, \"the stock market's been going up these past fewrnyears; there's bound to be a downturn.\" \"We invested a lotrninto those tech stocks. Yahoo went down ninety-two percent !rnYou know how much our company invested in Yahoo? Downrnseventy-one percent. Apple is down eighty-six percent. Even Microsoftrnis down fifty-eight percent! Why did I ever go into these techrnstocks?\" \"Now, now, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says Schnaufer. \"Sure, our company will be in the redrnthis year, but we're still better off than we were in '95, whenrnwe started shifting our assets to tech stocks. We still haverninvestments in other industries like energy and pharmaceuticals andrnproperty development.\" \"And my net worth,rntwo-thirds of it was wiped out!\" \"We'll just havernto reassign assets to more profitable ventures, and hope for thernbest.\" \"I promoted thesernstocks on national television! Do you realize what this will do to myrncredibility?\" \"You're stillrnthe chairman of the most successful financial services company in thernworld. Come on, even Bill Gates and Warren Buffet had bad yearsrnbefore. And you are still better off than when I first startedrnworking for you. You initially invested in Microsoft when it firstrnwent public, right?\" Jason nods. \"Yeah,rnthat was in '86. And I did invest thousands into Apple back in '84,rnwhen they came out with the Macintosh.\" \"You're notrngoing to be a pauper. And our company will still go on.\" \"We lost so muchrnmoney. It could have been avoided, Schnaufer! Those, those bastardsrnprobably did this. They did this to screw me over!\" \"The past is thernpast.\" Jason opens thernfolder containing pictures from February of 2000; he remembers thatrnwas when the stock market went bear. He opens the icon of a JPEG filerndated February 1. He stares into the image of his face. Ooooooooooooo February 1, 2000 Jason notices thatrnhe is holding a Nikon digital camera. He looks and sees that BobrnSchnaufer is not inside his office. Opening thernTeachText program on the Power Macintosh G4, he types a message forrnhimself. Decemberrn15, 2000 February 1, 2000 Make sure to dumprnYahoo!, Apple, Microsoft, Hewlett Packard, and otherrnstocks dealing with computer hardware and software. The prices willrnstart a plummet lasting to the end of the year. Shift these assetsrninto bonds. From thernfuture, JasonrnTreborn He saves the textrndocument. He then proceeds to upload the digital image that had justrnbeen taken by his younger self into the Macintosh's hard drive. I hope thisrnworks. It is about threernhours before Jason flashes forward. Oooooooooooo December 15, 2000 The images flash byrnas Jason returns to the present. He looks at the date on the computerrnscreen even as a salty taste reaches his lips. He gets up andrnsuddenly feels a pounding headache. He continues walking across therntiled floor towards the double doors, the headache getting strongerrnand stronger, like a howitzer barrage. He opens the door. And he falls.[Chapter 13] December 15, 2000 Jason Treborn, lyingrndown on a gurney, is unloaded from an ambulance by a team ofrnparamedics and rushed inside a hospital. He is barely aware of whatrnis happening as the gurney's wheels squeakily roll. One of thernparamedics places a mask over his face, which is connected by arnrubber tube to a squeezable plastic container. He is rushed into anrnemergency operating room. The doctors and nurses lift him up andrnplace on the table. One of the doctors inserts a plastic tube in hisrnmouth even as an electrocardiogram is attached to his chest. \"Okay, it's in,\"rnsays the doctor. \"I've got breath sounds.\" \"Blood pressure isrnat sixty Pel,\" says a nurse. \"Clothes off,\"rnsays a medic. \"Pressure'srndropping.\" Jason's mindrnshifts from the operating room. It is Saturdayrnmorning. He is in the living room of his old home in Harrison, NewrnYork. \"Pressure is fortyrnPel.\" \" Look at that,\"rnsays Evan, watching the television show Teenage Mutant NinjarnTurtles . \"That is cool.\" The doctors watchrnthe blood pressure monitor. \"Damn it, hisrnpressure's still dropping!\" Jason'srnbedroom. His wife, Andrea, appearing to be in her early thirties. \" I really havernto tell you something,\" she says. \"He'srnfibrillating,\" says a doctor. An emergency nursernstraps tape to his chest. \"Clear!\" arndoctor says as the paddles are applied to his chest, delivering anrnelectrical shock. Images flash by.rnOf his life, memories of the current timelines and of timelines thatrnonce were. \"Flatline. Get mernepinephrine .\" A doctor takes arnsyringe full of epinephrine, sticking the needle right into Jason'srnheart. \"It's in,\" he says. \"No pulse,\" saysrnanother doctor, looking at the flat line on the electrocardiogram. \"Let's shock himrnone more time and then quit.\" The paddles arernapplied, and Jason's chest convulses. More images flash by in hisrnmind. Sights, sounds, tastes, smells, and touches. \"We have a pulse.\" Oooooooooooooo A telephone rings,rnand a three hundred pound spiky-haired young man going by the name ofrnThumper answers the telephone. \"Yo, Evan!\" herncalls out. \"For you! It's your mom.\" \"Okay,\" repliesrnEvan Treborn. He walks to the desk in the dorm room he shares withrnThumper and places the receiver by his head. \"Hi, Mom,\" saysrnEvan. \"When are you coming to help pick up my stuff here.\" \"Evan,\" says hisrnmother, Andrea. \"Your dad, he's in the hospital.\" \"What? Why's hernthere?\" \"I don't know.rnHe collapsed in his office. He's in intensive care now.\" \"Mom, I have tornget there.\" \"I'm here at thernhospital. Your Aunt Meaghan can go help you unpack your stuff. I'llrncall you if something comes up.\" \"Okay.\" Evanrnhangs up the phone and sits down on his bed. He looks out at thernlandscape of the dormitory buildings. Some of the residents arernmoving their belongings to their parents' vehicles. He bends down hisrnhead and places his hands on his face. Oooooooooo \"The financialrnworld was rocked today when Jason Treborn, chairman of TemporalrnFinancial Services and one of the leading experts on the securitiesrnmarkets, collapsed in his office this afternoon,\" says a C-NBCrnreporter. \"Doctors have not yet determined the cause of Treborn'srncollapse. We will bring you up to date as we get news on hisrncondition.\" Ooooooooooooooo December 16, 2000 Jason lies on thernbed in the intensive care unit, watched over by a nurse. Machinesrnmonitor his heartbeat and breathing. Tubes are attached to him intravaneously. Just outside in an observation room, Andrearnand Evan peer through a window. Both of them wear heavy coats overrntheir sweaters. \"Let's go,rnEvan,\" says Andrea. \"Nothing more we can do here.\" They leave thernintensive care unit and head through hallways and elevators to thernexit. In the lobby Andrearnsees a man wearing a heavy coat over his torso and a hat on his head.rnShe recognizes him as Bob Schnaufer, the CEO of Jason's company. \"Mr. Schnaufer,\"rnsays Andrea. \"Hi, Mrs.rnTreborn,\" says Bob Schnaufer. \"I know this is tough. How is Mr.rnTreborn doing?\" \"Only immediaternfamily is allowed,\" says Andrea. \"Please, Mr. Schnaufer.\" \"I only ask thatrnyou contact me at my office if something comes up. I've worked withrnyour husband for twelve years now.\" \"Okay, Mr.rnSchnaufer. Evan or I could do that.\" \"Thank you, Mrs.rnTreborn. May God bless you.\" Schnaufer turnsrnaround, leaving through the main entrance. Ooooooooooo December 17, 2000 Jason awakes, andrnthe first thing he sees is white. He notices something firm pressingrnon his back. He knows that he isrnnot home. \"Hi there,\" saysrna nurse, clad in white. \"You're awake. You're at a hospital inrnWhite Plains.\" \"How did I getrnhere?\" asks Jason. Last thing he remembers, he was in his office. \"You collapsed inrnyour office. You were in a coma for over a day.\" \"How?\" asks thernforty-one-year-old business magnate. \"We need to runrnsome more tests. I can go get the doctor.\" Minutes later, a manrnwearing a white coat enters the hospital room. \"Mr. Treborn,\"rnhe says. \"Dr. Weltman.\" \"So whatrnhappened?\" asks Jason. \"We are not surernyet. I suspect it's stress from your job. There are some tests werncan do right now.\" Dr. Weltman waves a Bic pen around. \"So yourncan see, at least.\" \"And hear andrntalk,\" replies Jason. \"What about my personal belongings?\" \"Your wife pickedrnthem up. Now I want you to wiggle your fingers. Can you do it?\" Jason extends hisrnarm, and then moves each of the fingers of his hand. \"Okay.\" \"Do you feel anyrnnumbness?\" \"No.\" \"Now wiggle yourrntoes.\" Jason extends arnfoot, moving each of his ten toes. \"At least yournstill have basic motor functions.\" \"What now?\" \"We've drawnrnblood and sent it to the labs for analysis,\" replies Weltman. \"Irnthink a CAT scan is in order.\" \"CAT scan?\" \"Computed axialrntomography. We take X-ray images from various angles to create a 3-Drnimage.\" \"Sure,\" saysrnJason. Twenty minutesrnlater, Jason is wheeled in a wheelchair to a huge room with all sortsrnof huge, fancy equipment. \"Just lie downrnhere, Mr. Treborn,\" says the doctor. \"Stay still, please.\" Jason lies down onrnthis bed-sized platform, which moves him until his head is inside thernapparatus. A technicians then presses some buttons on a console, andrnthere is this humming sound. Jason lies inside the machine for a fewrnminutes. \"We're done, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says Dr. Weltman. \"You can check out of the hospitalrnnow. I do advise you take a few weeks off.\" \"A few weeks off?\"rnasks Jason. \"I have my company to run.\" \"I'm sure it canrnrun without you having to be there every day,\" says the doctor.rn\"Besides, the Christmas season is coming up.\" \"Sure,\" saysrnJason. Oooooooooooo The black LincolnrnContinental pulls up to the driveway of the Treborn home. AndrearnTreborn shuts off the engine of the car. \"You haven'trnsaid a word since we left the hospital,\" says Andrea. \"It's just thatrnI've been through a lot,\" says Jason. \"and now I'm being toldrnthat I have to take leave from the company.\" \"The doctor'srnright, you know. Besides, Christmas is next week.\" \"You know how itrnis, Andrea. I don't start my Christmas break until Christmas Eve.\" \"Well, you'rernstarting your Christmas break right now.\" \"Sure,\" saysrnJason, pulling the inside handle of the car door. \"I know that thisrncoma has something to do with your flashbacks,\" says Andrea. \"Why would you sayrnthat?\" asks her husband. \"It could have been stress from work,rnlike the doctor said.\" \"Who else canrntravel back in time by looking at pictures?\" says Andrea. \"Andrnwho knows exactly what that can do to a person?\" \"It's how I makerna living,\" stresses Jason. \"We have enough,rnJason. I think we can get along fine for a few weeks without yourntrying to give yourself tomorrow's stock prices.\" \"You..you'rernjust trying to hinder me.\" Andrea steps out ofrnthe Continental. \"Evan just got back home from college. I think wernshould spend at least some time with him.\" \"Okay,\" saysrnJason, stepping out of the car and walking towards the house. Ooooooooooooo December 21,rn2000 Jason and Andrearnenter the hospital in White Plains. An orderly tells them where theyrncan meet with Dr. Weltman. The two of themrnenter a small office. It has stuff typical of doctor's office –rna personal computer, a Rolodex, diplomas hanging on the office walls. And there is a CATrnscan picture on the desk. \"So what is thisrnabout?\" asks Jason. \"The CAT scanrnpicture,\" says Dr. Weltman, sitting behind the desk. \"We foundrnsomething unusual.\" \"Yeah, I heardrnthat over the phone. Why couldn't we discuss this over the phone?\" \"I thought it bestrnfor you to see this. Don't worry; I'm not charging extra for thisrnvisit.\" \"What's wrongrnwith him?\" asks Andrea. \"We've comparedrnyour husband's brain scan with that of other patients. Take arnlook.\" Jason looks at thernscan of his brain as well as that of other CAT scans. \"I noticernsomething different.\" \"What we'verndiscovered, Mr. Treborn, was hemorrhaging of the outer lining of therncerebral cortex.\" \"You mean…yournmean I had a stroke?\" asks Jason. \"It would seemrnlike it. It is unusual, since your cholesterol count is actuallyrnbelow average. We could do another test on the blood drawn from you,rnin case the lab missed any toxin. However, I do not have thernexpertise to know exactly what happened. I do know of a specialist.rnDr. Harlon Redfield, at the Sunnyvale Institution up north.\" \"I know him. Herntreated my grandfather. I…I remember visiting there when I wasrnyounger.\" \"I see,\" saysrnDr. Weltman, curious. \"I'll send a copy of the CAT-scan to him.rnIt might take a while for results to come back. Anyway, enjoy thernholiday seasons.\" \"We're visitingrnhis brother in California,\" says Andrea. \"Have a nice Christmas.\" \"You too, Mrs.rnTreborn and Mr. Treborn,\" says Dr. Weltman. Ooooooooooooo December 25, 2000 \"If there's onernthing that's great,\" says Evan Treborn, holding a cup filled withrnice and Coca-cola, \"we don't need any damn snow chains here.\" Hernsits on a couchrnin the living room of the home of his Uncle Scott and Aunt Dana inrnTustin, California. It is spacious, thought not as spacious as thernliving room in his parents' home. He, his parents, his grandfather, andrnhis AuntrnMeaghan are gathering here to celebrate Christmas. A Christmas treernwith lights and decorations. \"You want snow,rnBig Bear's two hours away,\" says his cousin, Nick. \"So, you allrnright?\" asks Scott. \"Andrea called me about you ending up in thernhospital.\" \"I think so,\"rnreplies Jason, stabbing at a slice of roast beef with a plastic fork.rn\"It was a mild stroke. The doctors want some more test, you knowrnhow that's like.\" \"Definitely. Yournknow, you were right about getting out of those Internet stocksrnmonths ago.\" \"Of course.\" Scott then walksrnacross the room, holding his eight-month-old grandson, dressed in arnred outfit and a red pointed hat. \"So how do yournlike your first Christmas?\" he asks the baby boy. \"I can take thernpicture,\" says Jason. He then takes the picture with a Nikonrndigital camera. A few hours later,rnJason goes to the bathroom. Flushing the toilet and then washing hisrnhands at the sink, he hears the door open. \"Dad,\" he says. \"I know whatrncaused the stroke,\" says Chris Treborn. \"It happened after yournhad a flashback, right?\" Jason looks into hisrnfather's eyes. \"Well, yeah. I had to do it, though. My companyrnwas going to lose almost a billion dollars. Two thirds of my netrnworth was at stake.\" \"Your life andrnsanity are at stake every time you flash back,\" says Chris. \"Notrnonly that, you could erase everything you've built. The next timernyou go back, you could die of a stroke in the past, possibly erasingrnyour life up to now.\" \"I'm not goingrnto go that far back,\" says Jason. \"I haven't done so since myrninitial test flashbacks.\" He leaves thernbathroom, closing the door behind him. One minute later,rnChris stands in the hallway. He starts pondering if he should flashrnback and warn Jason back when Jason started using flashbacks. No, Jason'srnlife is okay now. Chris watches thernparty, sipping on a Corona beer. Jason and Andrea stand under a sprigrnof mistletoe, Scott and Dana sit on a couch together, and hisrngranddaughter Chrissy plays with her son as her husband Rolandrnwatches. He can feel therntemptation to use a flashback to return to his beloved Lucinda. And yet, he knowsrnflashbacks have too great a price. I can dream ofrnyou, though. I can see you, hear you, smell you, and touch yournthere. Oooooooooo January 9, 2001 The SunnyvalernInstitution looks pretty much the same as it did back in 1948, whenrnit was first opened. Only this time, snow covers the ground and therntrees are bare with leaves. \"Thank God therernwasn't a snowstorm,\" says Jason. \"Remember thatrnblizzard a few years back,\" says Andrea. \"We were stuck in thatrnmansion?\" \"How could Irnforget?\" He enters the placernwhere his grandfather spent the last years of his life. He isrnimmediately led to Dr. Harlon Redfield's office. \"These results arerninteresting,\" says Redfield. \"Dr. Weltman toldrnme that I had a stroke,\" says Jason. \"A hemorrhage in the part ofrnthe brain where the memories are stored.\" \"There's morernthan that, Mr. Treborn,\" says Dr. Redfield. \"It seems that therernis massive neural reconstruction.\" \"Reconstruction?\"rnasks Andrea. \"His brain's healing?\" \"It seems that arnlot of memories are jammed into your husband's brain,\" says Dr.rnRedfield. \"Many, many more memories than that typically found in arnman about forty years old. Which is remarkable, since your husbandrnhad been a patient here during his childhood due to memory problems.\" \"Are there anyrncases like this?\" asks Jason. \"Your grandfather.rnWe've taken scans over the years, and that his scans look just likernthe one Dr. Weltman sent me. Take a look.\" Jason and Andrearnlook at the scans. One is labeled \"TREBORN, J., the other isrnlabeled \"TREBORN, M.\" \"I see,\" saysrnJason. \"This could bernsome sort of genetic neurological disorder,\" says Redfield. \"Isrnthere any history of mental illness in your family, aside from yourrngrandfather?\" \"I think so,\"rnsays Jason. \"There were a couple relatives and ancestors who wererncommitted.\" \"Then I suggestrnthat you contact as many of your relatives as you can, urge them tornhave a CAT-scan.\" \"Could our sonrnEvan have this disorder?\" asks Andrea. \"I can't rule itrnout, Mrs. Treborn,\" says Redfield. \"Mr. Treborn, we would like tornrun some more tests in our laboratories here.\" \"Sure thing, Doc,\"rnreplies Jason. Ooooooooooooo January 29, 2001 Hearing somernfootsteps, Renee Dobson, executive secretary at Temporal FinancialrnServices Headquarters, looks up from the screen of the PowerrnMacintosh. \"Mr. Treborn?\"rnshe asks, seeing a man in his early forties, wearing a long, heavy winter coat over a business suit. \"That's me,\"rnsays Jason Treborn. \"Good morning, Dobson. Is Mr. Schnauferrnavailable?\" \"Yes, sir, he isrnin his office.\" Jasonrnwalks alongrnthe corridor, entering the office of the company's CEO. He enters thernoffice, which is a little smaller than his own, with the same blackrntiles on the floor. \"Mr. Treborn?\"rnasks Bob Schnaufer, sitting behind his desk. \"I'm back,rnSchnaufer,\" says Jason. \"Let's organize a staff meeting to keeprnme up to date.\" \"Good to see yournback on your feet, sir.\" Jason then meetsrnwith his staff for over forty minutes. After that, he walks into hisrnoffice, turning on the computer. He had not sat here on this chair,rnbehind this desk, in this office for six weeks now. He takes a Nikonrndigital camera from the drawer of his desk. He looks at it, mullingrnif he should take a picture and upload it into the Power Macintosh. What the hell;rnI'll only use this in case of emergency. Jason takes thernpicture.[Chapter 14] April 9, 2001 \"How was work,rnhoney?\" Andrea Treborn asks her husband as she stands on the tiledrnfloor inside their kitchen. \"Great,\" repliesrnJason Treborn, putting his arms around his wife's waist. \"I hadrnsome meetings, and tomorrow I have to fly to Houston to meet withrnsome business executives.\" \"The one inrnTexas?\" \"Of course.\" \"How are yournfeeling?\" asks Andrea, sitting down on a chair next to the kitchenrntable. \"Fine. I haven'trnhad headaches or numbness or anything.\" \"Remember, Jason.rnNo more flashbacks.\" \"Sure thing. Maybernyou can come with me to Houston. To leave you in this big house, allrnby yourself, especially since Evan's off to college on his own?\" \"I can spend timernwith my friends here. Maybe even drive to Pennsylvania to see myrnparents.\" Jason nods, havingrnlast seen Andrea's parents the previous Thanksgiving. Ooooooooooooo June 4, 2001 \"Now sit still,rnMr. Treborn,\" says Dr. Harlon Redfield as he watches the CAT-scanrnmachine. The scan is taken,rnand Scott Treborn is wheeled out. \"Why do we have torndo this again?\" asks Scott, who is visiting relatives in the arearnwith his wife, Dana. \"I got better things to do, you know.\" \"They say thatrnstrokes run in families, Mr. Treborn,\" says Redfield. \"Yourrnfather was here last week. And your sister was here two days ago.\" \"Anything wrongrnwith them?\" \"Not that I canrndetect,\" replies the doctor. \"In any event, I do want to ask yourna question.\" \"What?\" asksrnScott, clutching Dana's hand. \"Have you hadrnflashbacks?\" \"Flashbacks?\"rnasks Scott. \"What would be strange about that? Other people havernflashbacks, you know.\" \"Come on, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says Redfield. \"Well, there wasrnone time, I think. I was watching a video of my daughter's wedding,rnand it was as if I was actually there.\" \"Any otherrnflashbacks that you can recall?\" \"Uh, no.\" Dr. Redfieldrnscribbles notes onto a yellow notepad. \"That will be all. And Irnstrongly advise that you bring your children here.\" Redfield leaves thernSunnyvale lab, going to his office. He views some of his reports thatrnhe had created using Microsoft Word. He has an idea aboutrnwhat is happening; he will need test results from an outside lab. Oooooooooooooo June 5, 2001 \"I want to thankrnyou all for coming to celebrate our 20th anniversary,\"rnsays Andrea, looking at the eighty-plus people in the ballroom. \"Wernhave been through a lot; we are going to make it.\" \"May you have manyrnmore,\" says Chris Treborn. Jason and Andrearnstand in front of a long table covered in a tablecloth. In front ofrnthem are relatives from all across the country, gathered into thisrnhotel ballroom in Rye, New York. It has been a long twenty years ofrnmarriage. There are so many great memories. The two of themrndance on the varnished wooden dance floor about an hour later. Thernsame song that played during their fist dance as husband and wife nowrnplays. Their hearts pace together, feeling close. It is still thernsame feeling that existed twenty years ago, now with twenty years ofrnmemories. After the song isrndone, Jason leads Andrea off the dance floor. Andrea sits back on herrnseat. What could take thernpast twenty years away? oooooooooo July 17, 2001 Dr. Redfield opensrnthe manila envelope and reads the report from the lab. This isrninteresting , he thinks. The doctor opens anrnAdobe document on his Power Macintosh G4. The document has a chartrnthat he himself made, listing the known descendants of MatthewrnTreborn. Redfield had orderedrnseveral CAT-scans, both from test subjects and from his staff as arncontrol. Two of the subjects, Matt and Jason, had massive neuralrnreconstruction in the outer lining of the cerebral cortex. Some ofrnthe other subjects had some neural reconstruction in that part of thernbrain, though not as pronounced as Matt's or Jason's, and stillrnother test subjects had scans not much different from the controlrnsubjects. The DNA testingrnresults had confirmed a certain genetic marker in the Y-chromosomernfrom some of the subjects who were tested here but not others. It confirmed myrnsuspicion. Chris, his sonsrnScott and Jason, and his grandson Evan all test positive for thisrngenetic marker. However, one of Matt's other grandsons, who wasrnborn from one of Matt's daughters and was available for testing,rntested negative. Obviously, this trait was passed from fatherrnto son. Still, there was arnquestion of what this genetic marker could lead to. Matt Treborn hadrna stroke and suffered from permanent, short-term memory loss at thernage of fifty-two, never remembering anything that happened afterrnthat. Chris, however, suffered nothing of the sort even afterrnseventy-four years of life. Perhaps anotherrnfactor is involved. Matt's the only one I know of who isrninstitutionalized. If only there was a larger sample. Redfield is treadingrnnew ground. The vocabulary to describe what is happening does notrneven exist. Ooooooooooooooooo October 23, 2001 \"According to yourrnchief financial officer,\" says Jason, on a conference call withrnother major investors, \"you reduced your assets by over one billionrnto correct an accounting error on your Raptor partnerships.rnFurthermore, the SEC is conducting an inquiry into your accountingrnpractices- that is what your company admitted. Isn't there arnconflict of interest?\" \"Oh, no, Mr.rnTreborn,\" says Kenneth Lay, chairman and chief executive officer ofrnEnron, an energy trading company based in Houston, Texas. \"There isrnno conflict of interest; the directors continue to have the highestrnfaith and confidence in Mr. Fastow.\" \"But the inquiry,\"rnsays another investor. \"It is standardrnprocedure. There was an accounting error and they investigate.\" \"And what aboutrnyour former CEO, Jeffrey Skilling?' asks another investor. \"Those were forrnpersonal reasons.\" The conference callrngoes on for quite some time. Jason then hangs up by pressing thernspeaker button on the phone. \"So what do yournthink?\" Jason asks Bob Schnaufer, who is sitting across from him. \"They're anrnenergy trading company, and everyone needs energy,\" answersrnSchnaufer. \"They have a solid business record. One littlernaccounting error isn't gonna cause problems.\" Ooooooooooo November 28, 2001 The staff ofrnTemporal Financial Services all meet inside the conference room onrnthe 27th floor of the Temporal Financial Servicesrnbuilding. Jason sits down onrnthe leather seat at the end of the table. \"Just today, it wasrnrevealed that Enron inflated its financial statements, hiding itsrndebts and losses,\" he says. \"As a result, share prices for therncompany dropped below one dollar. Our mutual funds invested quite arnlarge sum of money into Enron, money that is now gone.\" \"This is a perfectrnopportunity for a takeover!\" says one of the executives, arnfresh-faced man in his mid-twenties. \"We should contact otherrninvestors, buy out the company, and replace the management. We couldrnstill make money off of this.\" \"Oh, please,\"rnsays another executive, an older man wearing an expensive-lookingrnsuit. \"I read that they are going to file bankruptcy. All of theirrnassets are gonna be sold to pay off debts. I mean, Dynegy withdrewrnits offer to buy out Enron.\" \"And now I'mrngoing to have to explain this to the directors,\" says Jason. \"Theyrnall e-mailed me, telling me they are flying here to White Plains tornconduct a board meeting.\" He looks at somernarticles that he had printed from the Hewlett Packard LaserJetrnprinter in his office. They are all about Enron. He reads an article,rndated October 31, about the Securities and Exchange Commissionrnlaunching a formal inquiry into Enron's accounting practices. OnrnNovember 8, Enron announced that it had overstated its profits byrnfive hundred eighty six million dollars over five years. Dynegy hadrnoffered to acquire Enron for nine billion on November 9, and had justrnretracted its offer today. Today is when thernshit hit the fan. The news about the extent of Enron's accountingrnpractices became public 10:30 A.M. \"Meeting isrnadjourned,\" says Jason, picking up the articles. \"Mr. Schnaufer,rnmeet me in my office.\" Bob Schnauferrnfollows Jason into his office, sitting on a leather chair in front ofrnthe chairman's desk. \"Those bastards!\"rnyells Jason. \"How could they do this? Now I'm gonna have tornexplain this to the board.\" \"It's okay,rnsir,\" says Schnaufer. \"We trusted them, and they broke it.\" \"The board willrnprobably fire me for being suckered by them. They were jealous,rnjealous of my success. That's why they wanted to screw me over.rnThey wanted to destroy my company! They wanted to ruin me!\" \"Not just you, Mr.rnTreborn.\" \"Do you know howrnmuch of my personal assets were invested into Enron?\" asks Jason. \"Sir, I've beenrnin contact with some lawyers in the city,\" says Schnaufer. \"We'rerngonna sue the fuck out of them.\" \"You handle thingsrnwith the lawyers, Schnaufer. Dismissed.\" Schnaufer leavesrnJason's office. Jason immediately opens a folder in his PowerrnMacintosh G4. He opens a file for a picture he had taken in January,rnwhen he had returned to work after recovering from his stroke. This could berndangerous. Then again, it hadrnbeen nearly a year since he had a flashback. He stares into thernpicture, and his office seems to vibrate. Ooooooooooo January 29, 2001 Jason finds himselfrnholding the digital camera. He looks outside the window of hisrnoffice; there is snow piled on the sidewalks. He immediately opensrnthe TeachText program to create a new text document. From: Novemberrn28, 2001 To: January 29,rn2001 Make sure to sellrnyour Enron holdings; the company will end up on the verge ofrnbankruptcy. From the future, Jason Treborn Jason saves the textrndocument, as well as the JPEG file of the picture that his youngerrnself had just taken minutes ago. All he has to do is wait, hisrnyounger self should be able to read the message, since the computerrnwill still be here for eleven more months. ooooooooooo November 28, 2001 Jason clutches hisrnhead upon flashing forward just one day shy of eleven months. Using arnhandkerchief, he wipes blood off of his nose. After a minute, thernheadache clears. He uses the computerrnto access the history of his company's financial transactions. I did it! By the time Jasonrnsets foot inside his mansion, he had already buried the flashbackrndeep into his memories. Ooooooooooo March 5, 2002 Finishing his bowlrnof Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, Jason puts the bowl in the sink. He isrnalready dressed in his three-piece business suit, with expensivernGucci loafers on his feet. \"I'd better getrngoing now,\" he says, looking at his Guess watch. \"Got a couple ofrnmorning meetings.\" \"Remember we'rerngoing out to dinner to celebrate Evan's birthday,\" says Andrea. Jason kisses Andrea,rngrabs his overcoat from the closet in the living room, and then getsrninto his 1995 Lincoln Continental. A few minutes later, he parks therncar into his assigned parking spot at Temporal Financial Services. He gets out, feelingrnthe brisk air. A handful of people wearing overcoats enter throughrnthe glass doors of the building. Jason makes his wayrntowards the entrance. \"Excuse me,\"rnsays a male voice. Jason turns and seesrnseveral men wearing overcoats over business coat. \"May I help you?\"rnasks the Temporal Financial Services chairman. The man takes out arnpiece of leather and shows a metallic badge. \"FBI,\" he says,rn\"Jason Treborn, you are under arrest for insider trading, fraud,rnand conspiracy to commit fraud. You have the right to remain silent.rnYou have the right to an attorney. Anything you say can and will bernused against you in a court of law. If you can not afford anrnattorney, one will be provided for you.\" Handcuffs are placedrnon Jason's wrists before he is placed inside a blue Ford CrownrnVictoria.[Chapter 15] March 5, 2002 At the FBI office, Jason isnphotographed, holding a plaque bearing his name and prisoner number.nHe is then placed in a van and driven to the United States Districtncourthouse on Quarropas Street in White Plains. The FBI agents and the United Statesnmarshals escort him into one of the courtrooms. It is large, withnrows of seats in the front for observers and reporters. Behind thenrows of seats are tables for the prosecution and defense, the judge'snbench, and the witness seat. The judge, a man in his earlynsixties, sits behind the judge's bench, the seal of the UnitednStates District Court, Southern District of New York behind him. \"Mr. Treborn is charged withninsider trading, fraud, and conspiracy to commit fraud,\" says annassistant United States attorney standing in front of thenprosecution's table. \"We recommend five million dollars bail.\" \"Five million dollars?\" asksnJason. \"Do you have anything to say, Mr.nTreborn?\" asks the judge. \"Your Honor, I have ties to thencommunity. My company is right here in White Plains. I am not anflight risk.\" \"No, you are not, Mr. Treborn.nSetting bail at five million will give you incentive to stay here.nTherefore, bail is set at five million.\" \"I can have it paid by thenafternoon, sir.\" As Jason is escorted out of thencourthouse, he sees a gaggle of reporters from various newspapers andnnews networks standing right on the sidewalk. CNN, MS-NBC, FOX Newsnare all there. \"I have no comment,\" says Jason. Ooooooooooooo \"Okay, Mr. Treborn,\" says thenvoice. \"We can make an appointment first thing tomorrow morning,nsay, at 9:30?\" \"Okay,\" replies Jason, beforenhanging up the telephone in his kitchen. He had been on the phonenwith one of the most prestigious law firms in Manhattan. \"So when are you meeting with thenlawyer?\" asks Andrea, holding a can of Coca-cola in her left hand. \"Tomorrow morning,\" repliesnJason. He walks to the living room and turns on the Philips plasmantelevision. \"A grand jury had just delivered anbill of indictment against financial analyst Jason Treborn innconnection with the Enron scandal,\" says an MS-NBC news anchor.n\"The chairman of Temporal Financial Services, based in WhitenPlains, New York, was indicted for insider trading, fraud, andnconspiracy to commit fraud, and was arrested by the FBI this morning.nThe U.S. attorney's office has stated it will continue theninvestigation and may file further charges as more evidence isnfound.\" Andrea turns off the television withna remote control. \"Just let it go.\" \"Let it go?\" asks Jason. \"Inwas indicted ! I could face prison time.\" \"You can just talk to the lawyerntomorrow.\" \"No. I can make sure this nevernhappens.\" \"Don't do it.\" \"Don't do it?\" her husbandnasks, incredulously. \"I'm facing criminal charges !nThere'll probably be lawsuits against me; my reputation is alreadyndestroyed. That was what it was all about. They did that to menbecause I was successful! If I can go back to warn myself…\" \"At least wait,\" says Andrea.n\"The trial will probably start next year or something. You'renfree on bail. You can decide what to do when you are arraigned.nAnyway, let's just get ready for dinner with Evan tonight. We won'tndiscuss the indictment.\" \"Okay, then,\" says Jason. \"I'llnmake sure not to think about it too much.\" Ooooooooooooooo Evan Treborn celebrates hisntwentieth birthday at a Red Lobster restaurant not far from hisncollege campus. His parents and his nineteen-year-old friend LennynKagan sit with him around this wooden table. The place is nearlynfull, even though it is a Tuesday evening. \"So, how is school going?\" asksnJason, picking up a french fry and dipping it into some ketchup. \"Great,\" replies Evan. \"I'mnstudying memory in my Psychology class. Carter's a greatnprofessor.\" \"Memory?\" asks Andrea. \"Yeah, it's interesting. I heardnwhat happened with my great-grandpa, why he could not form newnmemories after he had that stroke. I'm gonna be experimenting withnflatworms. You know, if you teach a flatworm something and anothernflatworm eats it, the memories are assimilated into the flatworm thatnate the other flatworm.\" \"My appetite went down,\" saysnLenny. \"Maybe you should study how appetite works. Anyway, Mr.nTreborn, how is work going?\" \"Work?\" asks Jason. \"Jason,\" says Andrea. \"Mynhusband is very busy, Lenny.\" \"Oh,\" replies Lenny, whonobviously never saw the news reports. \"Everything will be fine, Dad,\"nsays Evan. \"I think I can figure a way out ofnthis,\" he replies. Ooooooooooooo March 6, 2002 Jason steps off an elevator in antall office building in midtown Manhattan. He walks down the hall,ntowards one of the offices. \"Excuse me,\" he says to thenreceptionist. \"My name is Jason Treborn. I am here to see WaynenFox.\" \"Okay, sir,\" says thenreceptionist. She picks up the phone and dials a number. \"A JasonnTreb-urn is here to see you, sir.\" She then looks at Jason. \"Henwill be right with you, sir.\" Less than a minute later, a mannwearing a three-piece suit enters the reception area. \"Wayne Fox,\" he says to Jason,nextending his hand. \"I understand you were an assistantnU.S. attorney,\" says Jason. \"I have experience prosecutingnwhite-collar crime, Mr. Treborn,\" says Fox. \"I even helped RudynGuiliani take down Michael Milken and Ivan Boesky. I'm the bestnqualified to defend. Come into my office.\" Jason follows Fox into a spaciousnoffice. The view allows Jason to see the street below, with cars andntrucks moving along like sheep. \"So you know about this case?\"nasks Jason. \"It was on every network,\"nreplies Fox, sitting on the leather chair behind his desk. \"I alsondid research into the whole Enron case.\" \"So what do we do?\" \"The first thing I need, Mr.nTreborn, is the entire story. Tell me everything about you andnyour company's dealings with Enron. From what I have read, you didnsell off all your shares of Enron stock during the month of Februarynof 2001.\" \"Okay then,\" says Jason. \"Thisnwill be hard for you to believe.\" Jason goes on to explainneverything. \"I see,\" says Wayne Fox. \"Inbelieve a psychiatric evaluation is in order.\" \"I'm not crazy!\" protestsnJason. \"It is true. How else could I have made my fortune, exceptnby sending investment tips to my younger self?\" \"A psychiatrist might be able tontell you,\" says the lawyer. \"If you are insane, I could have thentrial delayed indefinitely.\" \"And lock me up in a mentalnhospital? Do you know what this would do to my reputation? Everyonenwill think of me as some crazy man! I'm not going to plead insane.\" \"So how exactly do you intend tonshow that you can send messages to your younger self?\" asks Fox. \"Anjury is not going to buy that. That is just too much.\" \"I showed it to Andrea, I canndemonstrate it to a jury.\" \"Well, I'm going to subpoenandocuments from the U.S. attorney's office, the SEC, and Enron.nLet's hope it does not come down to convincing a jury that younreceive investment tips from the future.\" Ooooooooooo Jason returns from Manhattan to hisnmansion in Rye. He sits down on the couch, brooding about what isnhappening. They're trying to destroy you.nThey are jealous of you, so they want to destroy you. They all gotntogether and hatched this scheme to destroy you, to tear you down. Jason knows he can go back and warnnhimself. I have to wait, though. Gathernmore information. He struggles in his mind to resistnthe temptation to go back before all the facts are in. He walks to the Power Macintosh G4nin his bedroom. Looking at the Yahoo! Web page via NetscapenNavigator, he sees links referring to his indictment and arrest.nAlready, news commentators have made comments on the case. He then selects the TemporalnFinancial Services web site on the Bookmarks menu. He sees annimportant bulletin. Due to pending criminal charges against TFSnChairman Jason Treborn, the board of directors is convening today tonselect a new chairman to lead the company during this time. Jason becomes furious. How darenthey do this! How dare they take my company away from me? It was themnall along! They were the ones who engineered the indictment! Minutes later, he is inside thenblack Lincoln Continental, driving towards White Plains. Oooooooooooo \"Thanks you,\" says thenthirty-three-year-old man standing before the men, all dressed inntheir suits. \"As chairman I will make sure to take care of thencompany, and I will guarantee this company's full cooperation tonthe authorities in regards to the criminal case against JasonnTreborn.\" \"Thank you, Mr. Schnaufer,\" saysnone of the directors, a man twenty years his senior. \"Now let usndiscuss the company's connection with the Enron case.\" The doors to the Temporal FinancialnServices Headquarters boardroom are opened. \"Mr. Treborn,\" says BobnSchnaufer. \"What's the meaning of this?\"nJason demands. \"We are selecting a new chairman,\"nsays a director. \"A new chairman ? I made this company. This company is mine ! How dare you take itnaway from me!\" \"Mr. Treborn, we can't havensomeone with outstanding securities fraud charges serving as chairmannof this board. Besides, Mr. Schnaufer will be a capable chairman. Henran the company while you were recuperating from your stroke. We'rennot saying you're guilty, we just need someone else at the top.\" \"It was you ,\" Jason saysnto Schnaufer. \" You set the whole thing up with Enron.\" \"Mr. Treborn, please,\" saysnSchnaufer. \"You were behind the whole thing.nYou were trying to take me down so you could have the companynyourself, you motherfucker! I..I won't let you get away with this!\" Jason pulls out a Colt Python .357nmagnum revolver. Aiming the short barrel of the pistol at Schnaufer,nhe pulls back the hammer and pulls the trigger. The hammer strikesnthe percussion cap of the .357 cartridge, detonating the primer whichnthen detonates the gunpowder. The bullet is forced out of the barrelnat very high velocity, first making contact with one of the buttonsnon Schnaufer's white shirt, then tearing through skin, bone,ncardiac muscle, and more bone before blasting out through the back,nwith bits of skin, muscle, and bone tissue following it. BobnSchnaufer lies on the ground, the blood spreading on the black marblentiles. Jason then aims the Python at thendirectors. Bang! The bullets are fired, tearing through thenhuman bodies. The others dive under the table. Once the chambers ofnthe Python's cylinder is empty, Jason leaves the boardroom andnwalks to his office, the Colt Python in his hand. Oooooooooooooo White Plains Police Bureau carsndrive down Main Street, their emergency lights flashing. They stop atnthe Temporal Financial Services building. An ambulance from the WhitenPlains Fire Bureau also stops in the parking lot, and Fire Bureaunparamedics get out. An armored van arrives at the scene.nSWAT officers, wearing vests and helmets and carrying weapons likenRemington shotguns and Heckler and Koch MP5's race out of the van.nThe SWAT team walks into the lobby. \"We're evacuating thisnbuilding,\" says the SWAT lieutenant. Upon hearing his voice, people filenout of the lobby and the Wells Fargo bank adjacent to it. The SWAT officers make their way tonthe Temporal Financial Services penthouse office suite. They searchnthrough the offices. \"Oh shit,\" says a SWAT sergeant.nHe looks at the bodies lying down on the floor in the boardroom. \"We have this area secure,\" saysnthe lieutenant. \"Get the paramedics up here!\" Another officer walks down the hallnfrom the boardroom towards another set of double doors. Turning thenhandle, he finds that the door is locked. \"Anyone in there?\" he asks.n\"This is the police!\" \"Don't come in!\" yells anvoice. \"I have a gun!\" \"Listen, we're here to help.nWe'll protect you from the shooter.\" \"I'm not coming out!\" \"We can get you out, sir.\" \"What's going on?\" asks thenlieutenant. \"Someone's hiding in thisnoffice, sir,\" says the officer. \"He has a gun. He's afraid toncome out.\" \"He might be the shooter,\" saysnthe lieutenant. Ooooooooooooo \"As you can see here,\" says antelevision reporter, \"the White Plains police have blocked off thisnarea of downtown and have evacuated the Temporal Financial Servicesnbuilding. We have been told that there is a shooting. There is nonword on casualties.\" Oooooooooo A Toyota Avalon stops right at thenpolice barricade on Main Street. Andrea Treborn steps out of thendriver's side of the vehicle. It is dark now, the light coming fromnthe street lamps. \"This way,\" a police officernsays to her. Andrea is escorted to the parkingnlot, now an encampment for the White Plains Police Bureau.nHigh-intensity light bulbs light up the parking lot. \"Mrs. Treborn,\" says the policenchief, \"we have a line. There's a man hiding in your husband'snoffice.\" \"Is Jason in there?\" she asks. \"We don't know, ma'am. We'dnlike you to talk to him.\" Andrea picks up a cordless handsetnprovided by another police officer. \"Hello?' asks a voice. \"Is that you, Jason?\" she asks.n\"It's me, Andrea.\" \"Yes, it's me,\" says Jason.n\"I'm scared.\" \"Just drop your gun and surrendernto the police. They won't hurt you.\" \"Oh they will. After what I did.\" Oooooooooo \"Police have confirmed that JasonnTreborn has barricaded himself inside his office,\" says a newsnreporter. \"His wife, Andrea Treborn, is on the scene. The policenhave a phone line into the building.\" Ooooooooooo A SWAT officer walks down into thendimly-lit basement of the building. Ooooooooooo \"Jason, just give yourself up,\"nsays Andrea. \"Please, we'll get through this.\" \"I can make sure this nevernhappens,\" replies Jason. \"No! Don't you see? That was what caused all of this!\" \"You're the one who doesn'tnsee! I have complete mastery over time and space! I can change anynevent I want! I am three steps, no three billion light-years ahead ofnfate.\" \"Jason, no!\" Jason drops the phone and clicks onnthe computer screen with the mouse. He opens the folder containingnpictures dated from January of 2001. He double-clicks the icon for thenJPEG document dated January 29, 2001. I have to go back to give myselfna message. Seeing his face on the screen of thenPower Macintosh G4, he looks into it, staring deeply. And then everything goes dark. \"What?\" he asks. He finds thatnthe Power Macintosh is off. He presses the triangle button on thenkeyboard to turn it on, but the computer does not respond. He looks outside the window, seeingnthe police cars blocking Main Street, and the helicopters circling. Ooooooooooo \"Police have now cut power to thenbuilding,\" says a CNN reporter standing in the parking lot. \"Theynare still trying to negotiate with Mr. Treborn to get him tonsurrender. Once again, the White Plains police is at a standoff withnJason Treborn, following a shooting at the offices of his company.\" Ooooooooo A Honda squeals to a stop justnbefore the police barricade, and Evan Treborn steps out. \"What's going on?\" he asks. \"Step back, kid,\" says a policenofficer. \"Evan!\" yells Andrea. \"Mom!\" he yells back. \"Where'snDad?\" \"He's in his office,\" shenreplies. \"He's holed up there. He won't come out.\" \"Maybe you can talk to him,\"nsays the White Plains police chief. Evan is handed the cordless handset. \"Dad,\" he says. \"Evan,\" says Jason. \"It'snyou.\" \"What happened, Dad?\" \"They tried to take away myncompany. This whole thing. The whole Enron thing. It was a scheme tontake my company away from me. I had to do it. I had to stop them fromntaking my company away.\" \"Dad, listen,\" says Evan. \"Justnlay on the ground and surrender.\" \"Don't you see, Evan? I'mnruined. My whole life turned to shit. The only way I can fix it is tongo back!\" \"So come back to us now.\" \"You don't understand. Have younever had flashbacks?\" \"Flashbacks?\" asks Evan,nconfused. \"What's this about?\" \"I'll let you in on a secret,none I only told your mother. I can flash back to earlier times. Yourngrandpa could do it too, as did my grandpa. And I think you can donit, too. You see, if I look into a picture of my past, it is angateway to the past.\" \"Just give up.\" \"Evan, you've got to get mensomething. A photo album. Go home and get the photo album. It'snunder my bed. Bring it to my office.\" \"What do you want a photo albumnfor?\" asks Evan. \"So I could stop this from evernhappening!\" yells Jason. \"When I bring you the photo album,nyou'll give up, right?\" \"Yes.\" \"Okay!\" yells the police chief.n\"I need an escort for this young man.\" \"What?' asks Evan. \"You can get a photo album fornhim, right?\" asks the chief. \"Okay.\" Andrea sees Evan leave the parkingnlot, going towards his car. \"What's happening?\" she asks. \"Ma'am, your husband agreed tonsurrender if we brought him his photo album,\" answers the chief. \"No!\" yells Andrea. \"You can'tnlet him get that. That's what caused all of this!\" \"We have things under control,nma'am.\" \"That photo album could kill him!\" ooooooooooo Evan stops his Honda in the drivewaynof his parents' mansion, and two Ford Crown Victorias from thenWhite Plain Police Bureau park alongside the car. Evan runs into thenmansion where he spent three years of his life. He makes his way to his parents'nbedroom. He peers under the bed, seeing some old magazines. He pulls out a binder. Lookingnthrough it, he can see dated pictures, of his father, his mother, andnhimself, dating all the way from 1981 to 2001. He runs out the mansion. \"I gotnit!\" he yells to the police officer. Placing the photo album into thenpassenger seat of his Honda, he drives off towards White Plains,nescorted by police cars. Oooooooooooo Andrea sees her son walking towardsnthe Temporal Financial Services building, escorted by policenofficers. \"What are you doing?\" she asks. \"Dad wants me to bring him hisnphoto album,\" replies Evan. \"No, that was what caused all ofnhis problems! Give me that!\" \"Ma'am, we have the situationnunder control,\" says a police officer. \"Evan, please,\" pleads Andrea.n\"your father is going to use it to travel to the past. He might getnpermanent brain damage, or he might screw things up even more!\" \"Mom, what are you talking about?\"nasks Evan, confused about his mother's words. Andrea lunges for the photo album,ntrying to wrest it away from her son. The struggle only lasts for twonseconds. The butt of a Remington M1100 shotgun, swung by a WhitenPlains police officer, makes hard contact with her face and shenslumps on the ground. \"Mom!\" yells Evan. \"Let's get that photo album tonyour dad,\" says the police officer. Evan enters the Temporal FinancialnServices building, escorted by police officers. Because the elevatorsnare down due to lack of electrical power, Evan climbs up the stairs.nTwo, three, four. He keeps climbing up and up like a mountaineer.nFinally, he reaches the twenty-seventh floor. He walks across the twenty-seventhnfloor lobby, his heart beating rapidly due to climbing all thosenstairs, the way lit by flashlights carried by the SWAT escort. \"I'm here with the album,\"nsays Evan. \"Good,\" replies the SWATnlieutenant standing in front of the door to Jason's office. \"Dad!\" yells Evan. \"I have thenalbum. Walk up here and unlock the door.\" \"Will you let me look at thenalbum?\" calls out Jason. \"I want to look at the album before Inleave.\" \"My dad wants to look through thenalbum,\" says Evan. \"Only for a minute,\" says thenSWAT lieutenant. Evan hears the click as the door'snlock is unlocked. The door then squeaks ajar. \"Dad,\" says Evan. \"Just hand me the album, and I'llnbe out in a minute,\" says Jason. \"I just want to look.\" Jason takes the photo album. Openingnit, he notices it is too dark to see. Suddenly there is light, and Jasonnlooks through the picture, wondering which one to use. Suddenly he feels himself fallnforward, then hears the breaking of glass. He finds out that he cannnot feel his legs. He feels something wet on the floor. It is his ownnblood. \"Dad!\" yells Evan as he burstsninto his father's office. He sees his father lying down on thenfloor, with a pool of blood spreading. The SWAT lieutenant glares at thenhelicopter hovering near the building. Jason lies on the floor. He can feelnhis life draining from him. He knows that his only chance to survivenis in the past. He looks at a picture of him,nAndrea, and Evan, who was still a young boy at the time. He starts tonfeel cold. His office shimmers as the world slips away. And he falls. Oooooooooooo August 31, 1985 Jason is greeted with bright light.nHe looks up and sees a clear blue sky. He can feel that he isnoutside, there is a slight breeze. He looks and sees children playingnon a playground. He sees a Kodak camera mounted on a tripod. Lookingnto his right, he sees his wife Andrea, and sitting on his lap is hisnson Evan, three years old. \"Inmade it!\" he says. \"I'm back. I won't let those bastards ruinneverything.\" \"What'sngoing on?\" asks Andrea, now twenty-nine years old instead of thenforty-five she would be in March of 2002. \"I'mngonna make sure no one takes away my company. I just need a pen andnpa-aww!\" Hensuddenly clutches his head, which pounds like jackhammers. Bloodntrickles down his nose. Henthen falls forward. \"Jason!\"nyells Andrea. \"Someone call 911!\"[Chapter 16] April 15, 1989 Jason Treborn wakesrnup, noticing that he is lying down on a bed. He sets his foot on arncarpeted floor. Looking down, hernnotices that he is wearing some sort of outfit. Memories of his lastrnmoments suddenly surface, and he lifts up his shirt. There is no woundrnnor scar on his chest or abdomen. Looking outside the window, he seesrna yard enclosed by a brick wall. He wonders where he is; this placernis unfamiliar. Entering anotherrnroom, he sees a sink, a toilet, and a shower. Looking into the mirrorrnabove the sink, he sees a haggard face. He turns on arnGeneral Electric radio on the stand by the bed. The song \"I GetrnWeak\" by Belinda Carlisle plays. It must be atrnleast 1988. On the stand withrnthe radio is a picture of his wife and son; Jason notices that he isrnnot in the picture. He leaves the room,rnwalking down the hallway. He passes a short woman also wearing arnsimilar-colored outfit. \"Morning, Jason,\"rnshe says. \"Uh, hi,\" saysrnJason. \"Where am I?\" \"The SunnyvalernInstitution. You've been here for what, three years.\" \"Three years?\" \"Oh yeah. Yourndon't remember anything that happened since you came here.\" Jason walks alongrnthe corridors. He recognizes the place from his time visiting hisrngrandfather here. He walks to arncafeteria. The food servers are already serving breakfast; Jason getsrnhimself some Kellogg's Froot Loops. The television show TeenagernMutant Ninja Turtles is shown on a mounted Sony color television. A creeping feelingrnwashes over him, like a tsunami crashing into a seaside village, asrnif something had went horribly wrong. After washing downrnhis breakfast with Minute Maid orange juice, an orderly in a whiternoutfit walks up to him. \"Dr. Redfieldrnwishes to see you,\" says the orderly. \"Redfield?\" asksrnJason. Jason is escortedrndown a hallway towards one of the offices. The office that he entersrnis unrecognizable, but the man behind the desk looks very familiar. \"Dr. Redfield,\"rnhe says. \"Hello, Jason,\"rnreplies Dr. Harlon Redfield, sitting behind his leather seat. \"Dornyou know what has happened?\" \"I remember beingrnin my office. There was this police standoff. My son, Evan, broughtrnme my photo album.\" \"So you must havernmisplaced the note. You had a note taped to your door so you couldrnunderstand what was going on, since you do not remember your timernhere.\" \"What happened?\"rnasks Jason. \"You had a strokernon August 31, 1985,\" replies the psychiatrist. \"You were in arncoma for two months. A few days after you woke up, you were diagnosedrnwith anterograde amnesia. It is now April 15, 1989.\" \"You mean I can'trnremember anything that happened since then?\" \"That's right.rnYou suffered permanent brain damage.\" Jason is silent forrna moment; the news of his condition and its implication sink intornhim. \"You've told me this before,\" he says. \"Yes, I did. I wasrnthe one who made the original disgnosis when you were stillrnrecovering in the hospital in White Plains.\" \"I have to gornback; I need my photo album.\" \"You don't haverna photo album, Jason.\" \"Bullshit! I wantrnmy photo album.\" \"Calm down, Mr.rnTreborn,\" Redfield says in an even voice. \"Please, calm down.rnTake a deep breath.\" \"Okay,\" repliesrnJason, breathing deeply. \"I need to know about my family. Thingsrnare different than what I remember. If I've been here since 1985…\" \"Your parents arernstill alive and well in Connecticut. Your dad often visits you here.\" \"My parent?. Oh,rnMom didn't- won't – die of a stroke until '92.\" \"Your brother isrnstill living with his wife, and his kids are doing fine.\" \"What about Andrearnand Evan? Are they still living in Harrison? I know we didn't buyrnthe mansion in Rye until '97.\" \"You can speak tornthem; they're visiting today.\" \"They are?\" ooooooooooooo Seven-year-old EvanrnTreborn walks along the corridor in the Sunnyvale Institution, hisrnhand tightly gripped by his mother. They both follow Dr. Redfield.rnDistant screams and bloodcurdling laughter make their way here. \"Dad lives here?\"rnasks Evan. \"Not in this wing,rnactually,\" says Redfield. \"No.\" \"Now your fatherrnmay seem sleepy to you,\" says Andrea, \"but that is just becausernof his medicine, okay?\" \"Okay,\" repliesrnher son. Redfield escortsrnEvan into the Visitor's Chamber. The boy takes a seat at a long,rnrectangular table. Jason Treborn isrnescorted into the room. He wears leg shackles and handcuffs alongrnwith his outfit. He looks and sees his son. It seems strange to him,rnhis last memory of his son was that of a twenty-year-old man. \"It's okay,\"rnsays Jason. \"I won't bite.\" \"Uh-huh,\"rnreplies Evan. \"Mom says I have your eyes.\" \"Ever wonder whatrncould have been?\" asks Jason. \"If I hadn't gotten sick?\" \"Yeah.\" \"I know. You wouldrnhave grown up to be a fine young man. But with me out of the picture,rndamnit!\" Jason starts to get excited despite his sedation. \"Yournhave flashbacks?\" \"Flashbacks?\"rnasks the boy. \"Like, when yournlook at a picture, stare into it. Does anything strange happen?\" \"Mom showed me arnmovie of me being born. It became dark. I was in this small space.\" \"You are having these flashbacks. I was praying this curse would end with me.rnIt must end with me.\" Adrenalin overtakesrnthe sedatives. Jason clutches his son's throat. \"I love you,\"rnhe says through clenched teeth. Orderlies tackle himrnfrom both sides as Andrea rushes in to take her son. \"He has to die!\"rnhe yells, looking into his wife's eyes. \"You don't understand.rnIt's the only way to stop it!\" He feels somethingrnhard smack into his head an instant before darkness consumes him. Oooooooooooooo November 23, 1989 The deep-friedrnturkey is placed on top of a bed of French fries on a serving platernlocated in the center of a white tablecloth. \"This is awesome,rnAunt Andrea,\" says twelve-year-old Christina Anne Treborn, taking arnslice of the juicy turkey. \"Thanks, Chrissy,\"rnreplies Andrea. She and Evan are visiting her parents-in-law forrnThanksgiving, the first time she ever spent a holiday with them sincern1984. Evan is already helping himself to a slice of the family recipernAndrea learned from her mother. \"You okay?\" asksrnDana Treborn, the wife of Jason's brother Scott. \"We do our best,\"rnreplies Andrea. \"I work as a nurse, and it's a good livingrncombined with the insurance settlement.\" \"Yeah,\" repliesrnScott Treborn. \"Who knows when you'll need insurance.\" \"So what's wrongrnwith Uncle Jason?\" asks nine-year-old Nick Treborn, who is Scott'srnson. \"Your uncle had arnstroke and can't remember anything new,\" replies Andrea. \"Thinkrnabout not being able to remember what happened today, or what wouldrnhappen from now on.\" \"I heard he wasrnalso talking about the future.\" \"Yes, he has arnfantasy memory of the future.\" Chris and LucindarnTreborn look around the table. \"We should be thankful for what wernhave, now,\" says Chris. Minutes later, Chrisrnand Lucinda are inside the bedroom that they have had for decades.rnThey were happy and grateful to spend time with their daughter-in-lawrnand grandson on this holiday. They both remember their visits withrnJason since he was committed to the Sunnyvale Institution in Decemberrnof 1985, especially his conversations about the future. Particularlyrnunsettling for Chris is the prediction that Lucinda would die from arnstroke in 1992 – three years from now. And given that Jason'srnother predictions, like his prediction about the 1988 World Series,rnwith Kirk Gibson scoring the winning home run on a 3-2 count at thernbottom of the ninth on Game 1 in Dodger Stadium, Chris believes thatrnprediction without a doubt. The knowledge that his wife would die ofrnsomething unpreventable in a few years places a great burden on hisrnheart. As far as he knew, Lucinda was not told of the year norrncircumstances of her future death. \"Couldn't you gornback?\" asks Lucinda. \"Going back couldrncause more problems,\" replies her husband. \"I could end up likernJason did.\" \"You can't evenrnwarn him?\" \"I did.\" Chris pulls arndrawer from the nightstand and hands a sheet of paper to Lucinda. Onrnthe paper is a note in Jason's handwriting, containing informationrnabout stock quotes from December of 1977, as well as the results ofrnthe 1977 World Series between the New York Yankees and the LosrnAngeles Dodgers. Below that is arnmessage in Chris's handwriting. January 1, 1986 Dear Jason, I know that you have the power to relive yourrnlife and change things. I too have this ability, as did yourrngrandfather Matt. This ability comes with a price. Continuedrnuse of this power will result in memory disorders just as it did withrnyour grandfather. This is thernonly warning you will ever get. From thernfuture, Dad ","Summary":" August 31, 1985 Jason Trebornrnadjusts the timer on the Kodak camera resting on the steel tripod an"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Summer Of Love","Author":"WritersWayOfLife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7342305","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey this is my first movie Fic and i hope you all like it. Disclaimer: I do not own Aliens In The Attic. I tossed an old football I found in Tom's room between my hands as he typed furiously away at his computer. I knew what he was doing and I couldn't say that I approved. I don't understand why he felt he needed to hack into the school site to improve his grades, he was a genius in so many ways and yet he was acting so…childishly. \"I don't get why you don't just do well on the tests. I know you knew the answers. If you failed the tests why don't you just ask your dad for help instead of going to all this trouble?\" I asked my best friend of five years. He turned to me, his brown eyes flittering anxiously. \"You wouldn't understand Luce, it's a personal thing.\" he muttered as he turned back to his computer, running a hand through his perfect dark brown hair. Ok I'll admit it, even though me and Tom had been best friends since we were twelve, I found him extremely cute-I might even have a little crush on him. But he had been acting different recently. We still hung out tons; I'm currently staying with his family for the summer because my parents are away on business, but he seemed to be acting differently. I noticed it as the end of semester tests rolled by. He acted colder, getting into fights with everyone and doing bad in school. He even seemed to be getting irritated with me, even when I wasn't trying to annoy him. Speaking of which, it had been a while since Tom had any fun. Quietly I stood up from his bed and tiptoed over to his desk. When I was right behind him, I leaned down and let my breath fan over the back of his neck. I knew he hated it when I did that, he said it reminded him of how he imagined people in horror movies felt before they were hacked to death. I smirked as he shuddered before he turned around, glaring at me. \"You know I hate it when you do that.\" he growled, his eyes glinting mischievously. I knew exactly what that glint meant: he was planning something that he knew I would hate. I giggled as I backed up slightly, causing him to get out of his chair. \"Whatcha ya' goanna do about it?\" I smirked before breathing over his face. That seemed to end it as he shrugged and turned back to his computer. While I was glad that he understood not to mess with me and my black belt, I still felt a little rejected that he didn't want to have any fun anymore. I sighed and turned back to the bed, reaching for the football. Suddenly a weight crashed into my side so hard that me and the object fell onto the bed, me knocking the football onto the floor as I was forced onto my back. Tom laughed as he pinned me down, holding my arms above my head by my wrists with one hand while his other rested on the right side of my waist. I squirmed against it. Curse my body and its insane ticklishness (That's not true, I love my body. While I'm not the tallest girl out there, 5ft 8, I'm slim with tan skin, blue eyes and long chocolate hair.) Tom smirked at me. \"Don't ever breath on my neck.\" he growled before his hand attacked my side, tickling it for all he was worth. I squealed loudly, not even trying to hide my laughter. It was no use, Tom knew how ticklish I was just like knew how much he hated heights. \"Stop! Tom stop!\" I managed through my laughter. He grinned and tickled harder. \"Promise to never breath on my neck again.\" he shouted over my laughter. \"I'm goanna pee! I'm goanna pee!\" I squealed, feeling tears stream down my cheeks. \"Say it!\" he demanded. \"Fine! Fine I promise to never breath again!\" I shouted as the burning against my sides started to help. He sighed as he stopped, leaving me to catch my breath as he stayed sitting on my stomach. Finally my vision cleared and I realised that Tom was staring at me. \"What?\" I asked, shifting slightly under his gaze. He shrugged. \"Nothing.\" he said with a smile as he rolled off to lay beside me. We stayed like that for a few minutes, my mind just registering the position me and Tom had been in. \"What are you thinking about?\" he asked me randomly, turning on his side to look at me. I shrugged, trying to look normal. \"Nothing much. Next semester, karate, what's goanna happen this time next year when we're getting ready for collage.\" I finished sadly. Who knows if me and Tom will be able to stay together. \"Well I know.\" Tom said, the light back in his eyes. Before I knew it he was back on top of me, pinning my body down by laying on top of it, his face a few inches from mime. This was an extremely un-Tom like gesture. \"We are going to pass our final exams and do everything humanly possible to see if we can attend the same collages and stay best friends.\" he said, smiling warmly. While I was touched that he cared so much, my heart sank a little at best friends. That's all he'll ever think of me and I guess I'll just have to accept that. My eyes drifted from his as I thought about it. \"You ok Lucy?\" he asked, bringing my face back to his with his hand. I gulped, finding the position hard to stay in without letting my mind wonder to some wanted outcomes. \"Lucy, do you ever think about…us?\" the question caused my attention to go right back into focus. His cheeks were bright red and he wasn't looking at me, what a change. \"Sometimes.\" I murmured and his eyes brightened. \"I mean all friends think about it at some point, they just never act on it.\" I reasoned, not wanting to mess with anything that was starting to become dangerous topics. He nodded, looking unsure again. \"But that doesn't mean they shouldn't try.\" I finished, deciding to let him take the lead. Tom seemed to understand what I was suggesting as he thought about something. \"Luce, can I try something?\" he asked, using my special nickname that only he got to use. I nodded, to scared and excited to do anything else. Slowly his head started to lower towards mine, his eyes searching mine for any sign to stop. When I gave him none, he gently took my face in his hands but stopped when his lips were an inch from mine. I was trying hard not to breath to hardly, not wanting to ruin what could become a perfect moment. \"Are you sure you're ok with this Lucy?\" he asked. I nodded slowly, letting my eyes slid shut. Just as I felt his lips brush mine, a thump sounded from outside. Instantly the spell that had fallen over us was broken as Tom leapt away from me, crouching at the corner of his bed. I knew his overactive imagination was getting the better of him and slumped against his pillows. \"Tom it's probably just a…\" I stopped talking as the window slowly started to slide upwards. I crawled forwards and grabbed Tom's hand, squeezing it as I pictured a robber with a gun climbing through. Ok so maybe me and Tom shared the overactive imagination. The window stopped moving and I leaned forwards, preparing myself for the worst. I was met with something far worse beyond anything I could have pictured. A light brown haired girl's head popped through the window, scaring me into falling back onto the bed in shock. \"One word and you're dead. Both of you.\" Tom's older sister, Bethany threatened. I watched Tom's shoulders sag in relief as he stood up. As soon as she was through the window Bethany turned around, waving to someone below. I didn't need to guess who it was when the sound of an engine revving loudly in a suburban street loudly filled the air. \"Are you crazy? If dad catches you he's going to kill you.\" Tom said firmly. Bethany smirked. \"Dad's not going to catch me.\" she said as Rickey's cars engine faded away. Tom sneered as he glared out the window. \"I don't get it, what do you see in that guy?\" he asked, coming to stand behind his sister. Although Tom would never tell anyone besides me, I knew that he didn't like Rickey because he was looking out for his older sister. I smirked at the obvious role reversal. \"You mean other then the fact that he's handsome, sweet, smart, sensitive romantic and ridiculously athletic.\" Bethany listed. I felt myself slightly agreeing with her. \"She does have a point. He is pretty much every girls dream.\" I chipped in, always being the helpful one. Tom turned and glared at me, slight hurt filling his eyes. I felt bad and shrank back onto the bed. Bethany smiled and came to sit beside me. \"See Tom, your girlfriend has the right idea. Now all she needs to do is find a real man.\" she said with a smirk as she put her arm around my shoulders. I huffed and slapped her arm away. \"One: you know I'm not his girlfriend. Two: Tom is a man and three: Rickey is more of a walking Ken doll then a man.\" I snapped, always ready to defend Tom. He smiled before his eyes drifted back over to his computer. \"Shit!\" he gasped as he sat back down, continuing what he had been doing. Not two minutes later his little sister Hannah was running into the room. \"Dads coming, and he's mad.\" she said, holding onto the door handle. Even though I saw her nearly everyday she still had an affect on me that made her so adorable to me. She was like the little sister I always wanted. \"At who?\" Tom asked in a panicked voice. Just as Hannah pointed and was about to say his name, a definite \"Tom!\" rang through the house. Quick as a flash Bethany grabbed her little sisters hand and pulled her behind the door as Tom's dad walked through. I stepped back as Stu stared at his son. \"What?\" Tom asked, avoiding his dads eyes. \"If you are smart enough to hack into the school website then you are smart enough to pass math.\" he said firmly. Tom let out a defeated sigh, shutting his eyes as he prepared for the worst. \"Busted.\" I muttered under my breath, only to have both men glare at me. \"Tom were you listening? Do you think Bethany got excepted to Michigan by screwing around?\" Stu asked his son. Tom rolled his eyes and I knew what he was thinking. \"No. she got in cause she's perfect.\" he muttered sarcastically. Bethany smirked at him from behind the door and I knew that Tom was seething on the inside. \"No your sister worked her tail off, and that's exactly what I expect from you.\" his dad continued, obviously not seeing how much pressure he was putting on Tom. But because Tom was Tom he said this. \"You're right dad, I don't deserve a family vacation. Maybe me and Lucy should just stay home tomorrow.\" Stu frowned. \"No I'm not taking that bait kiddo.\" he said taking a few steps forward. \"This isn't you: the bad attitude, the grades. What is going on?\" he asked, giving his son a pleading stare. Oh how I have been wanting to ask that same question. \"Nothing.\" Tom said with a shrug, although I thought he looked kind of guilty. His dad sighed, obviously not happy with the answer. He turned towards Tom's computer and narrowed his eyes. \"You know what? I blame this,\" he said pointing at the computer before motioning between Tom and himself. \"For coming between this right here.\" as he finished he walked over to it, unplugging it. Tom winced as his computers life drained away. \"Some good old fashioned, low tech family togetherness is exactly what we need.\" he said with a smile, referring to the vacation they were going on tomorrow, being generous to let me come with them. The Pearson's really were like a second family to me. \"So get some sleep we're hitting the road at sun up.\" he said as he headed towards the door, stopping to look round the side. \"You guys to.\" he finished before walking out, missing Bethany's defeated look as she and Hannah followed. \"He's kind of right Tom. Maybe you do need a little time away from your computer.\" I added, trying to lighten the mood. Tom turned and glared at me before flopping onto his bed, burying his face into his pillows. I knew that this meant that he was done talking for the night, an action I had been getting quite a lot recently. I sighed in defeat and walked over to my sleeping bag, crawling inside. Tom was always getting angry to easily but lately he would just stop talking to me and shut down. I let my eyes slip shut, looking forward to a day where, hopefully, Tom would be in a better mood. Reviews are welcomed, appreciated and hoped for. If I get a good amount I will continue with the story (hint, hint.)[Chapter 2] Hey, Thank you for the Review indigofrisbee. Here is chapter two of Summer of love. Toms POV. \"And I thought coach was the worst way to travel.\" I muttered, shifting to try and get the feeling back into my legs. Lucy gave me an apologetic look, knowing that she was the main source of my discomfort. We were currently sitting in my family car, going into what would be the third hour of driving. Because this was the Pearson family car there was only room for the Pearson's. But of course I had to be a gentleman (And there's no way I was going to a boring old lake house with no one but my family for a week) so I offered to let Lucy sit on my lap. What I didn't know is that we would be squashed between my sisters. \"Hannah, next time why don't you ride the hump?\" Hannah looked at me like I was an idiot. \"Can you switch with Lucy so my legs can take less weight?\" I asked. Lucy looked a little hurt at that. \"I'm not that heavy am I.\" I quickly shook my head, trying vainly not to hurt her feelings. \"No, it's just that after three hours, your weight starts to feel a little heavier.\" she raised her eyebrows. \"Not that there's much there it's just…\" I trailed off, not knowing how to finish. Luckily I was saved by Hannah. \"I barf in the middle, remember.\" she said simply before putting her headphones back on. Lucy was still staring at me, making me smaller then a little kid who gets an easy question wrong in front of his whole class. The seatbelt wasn't helping our situation that much either. It was forcing Lucy so tightly against me that I'm surprised she wasn't suffocated against my shoulders when she fell asleep. I'm glad she fell asleep though, she didn't get much the night before. Only I know what causes Lucy's on and off insomnia. She hates being alone, mainly because her parents were always away on business and she felt like they didn't want her in their family. She hated it so much that when she was she would have what I called: a Lucy episode. She would completely shut down. She wouldn't eat, sleep or talk until someone she trusted snapped her out of it. That someone was normally me. She must have had one last night, with all the tossing and turning I heard her doing in her sleeping bag. Normally I would have invited her into my bed with me. It's not weird anymore, not when it's happened seven other times, but it felt like it would have been too much after what almost happened last night. I can't believe I almost kissed my best friend. I don't even know what happened. One minute we were messing around on my bed, having fun, the next I was leaning down, looking into her beautiful blue eyes. So I settled for listening to her for long into the night before I managed to fall into a guilty sleep. I shook my head, trying not to get sucked back into the moment, the once in a life time moment. I tried to focus on the farm report my parents were listening to. \"In other news it will appear that there will be more then fireworks in the sky tonight as an unexpected meteor shower adds a little excitement to the holidays…\" as the reporter babbled on I tuned him and my parents out, choosing instead to pretend to look out the window when I was really looking at Lucy. I'll admit that she's beautiful and fun to be around, but I think that's normal thoughts for a best friend to have about a best friend. Sure I have often thought about what it would be like to hold her, kiss her, but again, completely normal. I hope so… A beeping from Bethany's phone interrupted my jumbled thoughts. I snatched it out of her hands and laughed at the image. Lucy twisted around in my lap and looked too, smirking at the image of a shirtless Rickey holding a bouquet of pink flowers. \"Wow. Your boy toy's a complete idiot.\" I chuckled as she grabbed her phone back. \"Rickey is not a boy toy. We're in a mature loving relationship.\" she defended, looking back at her phone with a love sick smile. I heard Lucy scoff as she turned her head to look at Bethany. \"Please. Like I said last night, Rickey is about as mature as an over sized Ken doll that got taken off the shelf for being a defective modal.\" I smiled, Lucy always knew the best way to get on someone's nerves. Another reason why I'm happy she's my gir-best friend is that she uses that talent as a good defence for her and me. Bethany glared at her and a bad feeling dropped right into my stomach. \"Why don't you and I talk in a few years when you have a clue what dating is all about.\" \"Like Rickey has a clue?\" Lucy snapped back, ever the one to have the last word. Bethany's eyes narrowed. \"I don't expect a neurotic, anxious freak like you, who can't stand being without human contact for more then five minutes, to understand what dating is about considering that any boyfriend you could get was probably suffocated into breaking up with you during the first date. I'm surprised Tom has lasted this long without running for the hills yet.\" she said slowly, eyes narrowed as a sick smirk grew with each word. Lucy seemed to stop breathing, her face going white. I would be surprised if she could come up with an argument to that. I on the other hand was furious. How dare she talk to my Lucy like that! \"Bethany that was too far!\" I growled lowly as Lucy's bottom lip started to shake. I knew her loneliness issues were hard for her but I didn't mind them. It gave me an excuse to be close to her when she needed me. Gently I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her closer to me, guiding her face to my shoulders so, if she did cry, Bethany wouldn't get the satisfactory feeling she was looking for of seeing her tears. After a few minutes of silent crying I realised that Lucy had fallen asleep again. I stroked her hair gently as she slept, dried tear tracks on her cheeks. I still thought she looked cute as I brushed them away. 'Yep completely normal feelings…' As soon as we pulled up to the lake house, Bethany was out and headed to the pool. Good riddance to her. I was still angry with her for what she said to Lucy. Hannah was the next one out, running off to find something to do while yelling excitedly about seeing uncle Nate. I gently shook Lucy, trying to wake her. She groaned before she lifted her head from my shoulder. I smiled warmly at her confused look. \"We stopped?\" she asked, trying to see out the back windows of the car, unaware that the door was open. \"We're here.\" I said simply. \"And I think my legs are going to fall off if I don't get some circulation back.\" I joked. Lucy blushed as she climbed off my lap and out of the car. As I got out I couldn't help but sneer at the lake house. It looked like it should belong on an episode of an antiques documentary. In other words: it sucked. Lucy on the other hand was staring at it with wonder in her eyes. \"It's just a house Luce.\" I said with a smirk. She shrugged. \"It's a place waiting to be explored.\" she said before grabbing her bag and walking inside. I shrugged and grabbed mine, ready to follow. I saw my parents already getting theirs. I knew I shouldn't, but my dad was still pissing me off about my grades. \"I hope there was a discount for booking us in the most boring spot in the whole country.\" I said with a bored expression. My dad looked a little hurt but he masked it quickly. \"Come on. We're only half a mile away from half the states top notch fishing lakes.\" he said, trying to coax me in. I raised an eyebrow. \"Are we near a time machine so I can go back to when I thought fishing was cool?\" I could see that one really hurt but I didn't care. \"I bought us all side stop reels with anti-reverse technology.\" he tried again, clicking one of them as if it would change my mind. \"Lame.\" I said before grabbing my bag and heading towards the house. As I stepped in I could see Lucy walking around, looking at everything. I let out a disgusted sound as I stared up at a fish mounted on the wall. \"So lame.\" I muttered. Lucy came to a stop beside me. \"I think it's cool.\" she said with a shrug. \"You would.\" I replied with a smile. She smiled back before grabbing my wrist and leading me upstairs. \"I've checked out all the rooms and I've got two choices for us.\" she said as we climbed the stairs. \"There is a room with two beds and a view of the lake. Or there is a room with a great double bed and an amazing view of the sun.\" she said, leading me towards one of the rooms. It was the on with the double bed and I had to say it looked nice. Lucy flopped down onto it and I knew she wanted to sleep in this room. I smiled and dropped my bag on the floor. I knew she would only sleep in here if I was there too. I looked around the room and spotted a bench by the window that was covered in a long cushion. I sat on it and found it quite comfortable. Lucy looked up at me and I smiled. She looked a little unsure, standing up from the bed. She opened her mouth to speak but I held up my hand. \"You have been sleeping on my floor for the past two weeks, you deserve a nice bed.\" I said, not letting her argue with me. She smiled before she leapt over to me, wrapping her arms around my neck. \"Thank you Tom.\" she murmured. I smiled and hugged back. Unfortunately, due to my sitting position on the bench, the hug caused Lucy to-not so elegantly-fall onto my lap. She laughed as she pulled back but stopped when her face was in front of mine. Thoughts that replicated the ones I was thinking from last night popped into my head and I started to lean in. Just when I thought it was going to happen, the sound of a car screeching to a halt made us jump apart. \"What was that?\" Lucy asked, leaping up and looking out the window. I turned to see my uncle Nate and his son Jake as they tortured my dad. I sighed and stood up, not amused by their childish actions. The ultimate mood killers. \"Who's the blonde?\" I heard Lucy ask as I opened my bag. I just grunted. \"That's my cousin Jake and his dad Nate.\" Lucy raised her eyebrows. \"That fat guy is his dad?\" she asked. I looked at her and nodded. She shrugged. \"I guess he got most of his looks from his mom.\" she mused. Something about what she said made my stomach churn. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" I asked, looking at her. She shrugged again. \"He's hot.\" she walked away from the window, missing my look of absolute fury before I masked it. \"And I think he's coming up.\" as if on cue Jake walked through the door with the twins following him. \"Twins. In here.\" he demanded. I noticed that the twins, Art and Lee, were weighed down by like six bags. \"Put my bags on the bed.\" he demanded, still treating them as his personal slaves. \"Sir yes sir.\" one of them answered, Lee I think-it's hard to tell. Jake glared at him. \"You trying to be a wise guy?\" he asked, taking a step towards them. I knew Jake would never hurt the twins, they were his younger brothers so I just stood and watched. Art still stepped forwards, coming between Jake and Lee. \"No. No he's not.\" he said quickly, being the peacemaker. \"Don't provoke him.\" he whispered to his brother. I smiled at Art, always trying to keep the peace in his family, especially since what happened between his parents. I looked over at Lucy, who was eyeing Jake. I felt my mood darken and a glare replaced my smile. Jake wasn't looking at either of us, his eyes were drawn to the objects of the room. \"Set my bags down in here guys.\" he said, pointing at the bed. \"Hey wait why should you get the best room? We were here first.\" I demanded. Jake raised his eyebrows, finally noticing Lucy. \"You two are sharing a room?\" he asked before glancing back at the bed then at Lucy. The look in his eyes disgusted me, I knew exactly what he was thinking and I would never do that to Lucy. 'Unless she wanted me too.' I added to myself. \"Do you think she'd like to share with me?\" he asked with a humorous smirk. Lucy backed up a few paces, coming to stand behind me. I glared at Jake. \"No, because we are staying in here. We were here first.\" I said firmly, stepping closer to him. \"Well I'm here now.\" he said smirking. \"I'm older.\" I argued. \"I'm bigger.\" he said as he looked down at me. I finally registered that I was looking at his neck and lifted my head to look at him. \"Did you grow since Christmas?\" I asked. He smirked. \"Two inches cous. I can tag a stop sign without even having to jump.\" he laughed, walking over to the bed. Just as I was getting ready to fight for the room, Lucy put her hand on my chest, leading me away. \"Come on Tom.\" she whispered quietly. \"The other room has two beds and a better view anyway.\" I grumbled as I grabbed our bags, following her out of the room. \"Close my door on the way out.\" Jake shouted behind us. I growled as I slammed it behind me. More Reviews=more chapters :)[Chapter 3] Here's another chapter for my loyal reviewer. Love you and hope you like it. Lucy's POV. \"Your cousin is such a pig.\" I said with disgust as I showed Tom to the other room. He grunted as he followed. \"And you thought he was hot.\" I heard him mumble. I rolled my eyes. \"Looks only make up part of the man I want. He has to be sweet, kind, smart, have brown eyes…\" I trailed off as I realised that I was just listing things about Tom. Instead I opened a door and walked in. Tom followed and I heard him gasp. \"I thought you said the view of the lake was ok.\" he said as he ran towards the massive window that took up the whole of the wall. I shrugged, placing my bag on one of the beds, both facing the huge window. the view was amazing I'll admit. we could see the whole Lake from our beds, the water surrounded by tall evergreens as the sun glittered over the water. \"It's ok. Apparently the moon's reflection makes it look like there's two of them when the waters still.\" I said, remembering what I had read from the website about the rental house and lake. Tom nodded as he placed his stuff on the other bed. I knew why he wasn't talking much-it was the aftermath of another almost kiss. I sighed, knowing I would just have to wait it out. When ten minutes passed of silent unpacking, I decided to just end the silence. \"Tom, about what happened in the other room, and the other night…\" I started. I watched him stiffen, knowing this was making him uncomfortable. I felt awkward too but this needed to be said. \"Well I just wanted to say that -\" \"Tom! Get down here and help us unload!\" his dad shouted from downstairs. Tom grunted and he rushed out. I sighed, cursing Stewart Pearson for his horrible timing. I decided to follow Tom, knowing that there would be nothing else for me to do. I caught up with him as he was stepping off the porch. I noticed the sneer on his face before I heard the music blaring as a yellow convertible sped recklessly down the gravel drive. \"What's he doing here?\" I grunted. As he approached the front of the house. \"I don't know but I'm goanna find out.\" Tom said, marching towards the car. \"Well surprise, surprise princess.\" Rickey smirked as he pulled up. \"What are you doing here Rickey?\" he asked dryly, not even trying to hide his dislike. I joined him, folding my arms across my stomach. \"I'm just stopping by for the afternoon princess. Or maybe the night.\" he laughed, revving his engine and backing up next to the other cars. I threw my hands up as stones flew up from under the wheels. I felt one hit my cheek extra hard and my fingers flew up to it, only to come down sticky with blood. \"Stupid ass, doll headed…\" I stopped as Tom looked at my face and a new glare hardened over the old one. He fished into his pocket and pulled out some cloth. I didn't question where it was from, just took it and pressed it to my cheek. \"Thanks.\" I murmured. I looked back over at Rickey to see him slamming his cars hood down, throwing something small between his hands. \"What was that?\" I asked as me and Tom approached him. \"What was what?\" he asked, smirking at me. I was just about to guess when a hand shoved me sideways, into Tom, as Bethany rushed passed and into Rickey's arms. I noticed Tom's blush as he helped steady me. \"I can't believe you're here!\" she squealed loudly. I rolled my eyes. Even though Bethany could be a bitch sometimes, she deserved someone better then Rickey, who I think cared more about his car then her. \"Well, you're my girlfriend now, so there's nothing I wouldn't do for you.\" he said with the fakest smile I've ever seen. Bethany just giggled as she stared up at him. I felt like I was going to hurl and it was only made worse when Rickey asked Bethany to 'Give papa some sugar.' \"Bethany! Please don't give papa sugar!\" Tom pleaded, holding his hands in front of his eyes. I copied his actions. Rickey glared at us before grabbing a bouquet of over flagged flowers and dragging Bethany towards the house by her hand. I rolled my eyes and followed Tom as he trudged in after them. \"Mr. and Mrs P!\" I heard Rickey exclaim with fake enthusiasm. They smiled brightly as they saw him. Seriously! Was I the only one that saw it. At least Tom could see there was something wrong with Rickey. \"Rickey wow!\" Mrs Pearson exclaimed. \"Hey Rickey what a surprise!\" Mr Pearson said. \"I got you a little house warming gift.\" Rickey continued, setting the flowers down on the table. \"Oh they're beautiful.\" Mrs. P gushed. \"Yeah very patriotic too hu? Maybe we should stick them in some water, see if they grow?\" Mr. P suggested while Bethany drooled over how 'sweet' Rickey was being. Now I had only met Rickey once, and he had thought I was Latina. I'm not Latina I'm just tan skinned. Anyway all I'm stressing is that I don't like Ricky. While I was thinking about how much of a sleaze Rickey is, I heard Tom speak up. \"Maybe you should take a look at Rickey's car dad.\" I nodded, not really paying attention. \"Sure I could take a look at it.\" he said, heading outside. We followed and watched, for a full forty minutes as Mr. P tried in vain to start Rickey's car. the only good thing that happened in that time was that my cheek stopped bleeding. I wiped the blood away but I could tell by Tom's sorry glance that there was an ugly line across my left cheek. It's when Mr. P started talking about spread sheets and Rickey getting to stay over, did I lose interest. At the same time, Jake grabbed Tom's arm and dragged him inside. Because of my 'issue' I followed without a word, wishing I didn't have to be so dependent on Tom. \"What a gas pipe.\" Jake stated as we entered his room. \"I know. Why can't they see that?\" Tom fretted as he followed. \"Dude, parents are wired differently. Their brains are old, mushy, fried from bad 80's music.\" I laughed at that last one. Jake turned and gave me a charming smile. I blushed under his blue eyes and turned away. I noticed Tom glaring at us before he quickly looked down. I scrunched my eyebrows together. I had caught that look on his face at least three times today. I decided not to think about it as Jake continued speaking. \"That's why it's up to you Thomas. You have to defend your families honour. Like a man.\" his eyes suddenly landed on me. \"And your lovely friend here.\" he said, taking my hand and kissing it. \"Jake Pearson, as I'm sure you know.\" I decided to be polite, no matter how much his cheesiness wanted to make me barf. \"Lucy Gale.\" I said with a forced smile. Jake grinned before going back to a metal case he had placed on the bed. He opened it up and my eyes widened at the sight of the lethal looking paintball gun. \"I call it 'The Punisher.'\" he said with pride. \"Your dad bought you this?\" Tom asked as he drooled over the gun. Boys, so single minded. \"Yep, perks of divorce. Never underestimate the power of a grown mans guilt. If we even mention mom, Nate drives us straight to the mall.\" Jake said with pride. I don't know what's more sad: the fact that he likes this better then having a mom, or that he calls his dad by his first name. \"She's all yours. Don't be a wuss all your life.\" Jake said as he finished assembling the gun before placing it in Tom's hands. Tom glanced down at the gun. \"I don't know man.\" he said unsurely. That's my Tom, always looking for the least violent way. Hmm, my Tom. That sounds nice. \"Do you really want Rickey as your brother-in-law?\" Jake asked as he gestured out the window. Tom and I looked out to see him attempt a cartwheel. \"Hell no.\" Tom said firmly, narrowing his eyes. \"Then lets go prune the family tree.\" Jake said with a smirk before he and Tom ran out the room. I shuddered as I realised that Tom wasn't anywhere near me. Not knowing what else to do, I sat on the window seat and watched as Tom and Jake slowly crept up on Rickey and Bethany as they sat by the pool. I don't know how, but in the span of less then five minutes Jake had managed to find a complete shrub costume and was now crawling up the bank with Tom close behind. Now immersed in a new, unsettling quiet, I had time to think about what was going on with me and Tom. Twice now we had almost kissed each other, Tom being really sweet before then completely shutting me out once we got interrupted. I really wish that, if he wanted to kiss me, he would just do it already. I was getting annoyed with his constant mood swings. He was worse then me and I'm a girl. And now Jake was taking up most of his time with stupid plans for revenge. I know this trip was supposed to be about family togetherness, but I still thought of Tom as the closest thing to a family I had. On the other hand, if he didn't have feelings for me and those almost kisses were just spur of the moment things, I could always try and see if Jake was interested. He seemed to be with all the flirting he was doing. But when I thought about kissing or going out with him, I just felt sick. I mean, sure he was cute and charming but Tom was handsome, in his own way, and he was so sweet to me whenever I needed it. The more I thought about Tom, the more butterflies erupted in my stomach and my head felt light. I remember my mom telling me this is how she felt when she fell in love with my dad. 'No way! I can't be in love with Tom! A crush maybe? But Love? Well maybe…' I was broken from my thoughts by shouting from outside. I looked down to see Rickey collapsed on one of the deck chairs, shirtless and holding his man area (which was covered in orange paint?) while Bethany was standing over Tom, yelling at him about how he was an embarrassment. Jake had mysteriously disappeared. Tom looked a little downhearted and I knew that Bethany had said something to far again. I quickly got up and headed down stairs. \"A paintball gun? Don't you know that's a gateway gun?\" Mr. P scolded as I walked into the kitchen. I completely ignored a whining Rickey as he held a bag of mixed frozen vegetables to his 'man area'. I smirked as I realised where Tom had hit him. I stopped beside Tom, who was taking quite a verbal beating. \"I don't know what to do with you!\" his dad shouted. \"Can't you keep him in his room for the rest of the week?\" Bethany asked as she marched into the room. \"But it wasn't even me!\" Tom yelled back. I looked at Jake, who had a slightly guilty/smug smile on his face. I glared at him but he only averted from my gaze. ' Wimp.' I thought, feeling disgusted with myself for even considering liking him. \"You boys are just lucky Rickey wasn't hurt.\" Mr Pearson finished, glaring firmly at Tom. I didn't like the way everyone seemed to be ganging up on Tom. Quietly I slipped round Mr. P and sat beside him. I fished for his hand and held it firmly. He must have realised why I did it because he smiled at me and squeezed back. \"It's ok Mr. P I was a little kid once too.\" Rickey said, coming into the room. Me and Tom both glared at him, Tom gripping my hand tighter. Of course Mr. P took Rickey's side, even missing it when Rickey mocked him behind his back. \"Look, lets just start with a clean slate. Tomorrow we fish. 7 am.\" \"What?\" we all said at the same time. I am not a morning person. \"Yeah Stu that seems a little early. How about this? 10 am on the boat no questions asked.\" Nate decided and I nodded with him, I liked this guys plan. \"Way to crack the whip Nate.\" Stu muttered as he walked off to another part of the house. Just then a bolt of lightening from the storm that had been brewing all morning flashed outside. As the thunder boomed and the rain started to pore I think I squeezed Tom's hand so hard it turned white. He just gritted his teeth, letting out a breath as I eased up. \"Stu! Stu the TV's gone haywire!\" his nana shouted as she banged the TV with her walking stick. 'He has a grandmother?' I thought. I must of missed her. \"Stu the TV's gone haywire!\" Nate shouted as well. \"Mom! Mom stop it!\" Mr. P shouted and I silently thanked him when she did. \"It's probably the dish. Just wait until the storms passed then I'll go up and fix it.\" he said calmly. Just as I was liking that plan, Rickey walked past, slapping Tom on the back of the head as he did. \"Hey wait a second Mr. P. Let me fix the dish, it's the least I can do after all the hospitality you guys have shown.\" he said with a toothy grin. Suck up. \"No Rickey you're hurt.\" Bethany said. Rickey shrugged her off. \"No it was just a graze.\" he scoffed. \"No honey.\" Nana said. \"He's fine, go ahead Richard. Show some hustle.\" she said. Wow she really likes TV. Rickey smirked, walking back over to us. \"Yes indeedy. But I will be needing a helping hand.\" he said gesturing to Tom. \"What do you say brother? Give us a chance to bury the old hatchet.\" he said, his teeth showing in a sleazy grin. Tom and I glared at him. Tom stood up and I was about to follow when he put a hand on my shoulder. \"No. You should stay down here. I don't want you to share my punishment.\" he said with a stern smile as he followed Rickey out towards the stairs. I sighed as I watched him, wishing I could tell him how I felt about him. Ok I'll admit it, I'm in love with Tom Pearson my best friend. \"Well.\" Jake said, scooting closer. \"Now that Tom's gone, would you like to see my big paint ball gun?\" he asked, wiggling his eye brows. Holding down my vomit, I quickly stood up. \"No. I think Tom and Rickey might need another pair of hands.\" I rushed out before running towards the stairs. I caught up with them as they were opening the attic. Tom must of heard me coming because he turned to me before I announced my presence. He gave me a confused look. \"Attic or not, no one deserves to be left alone with that.\" I said as Rickey finished untying the stairs. \"Thank you.\" Tom whispered as the steps cluttered down. I smiled in response. The moment was ruined by Rickey gesturing up the stairs. \"Ladies firsts. Oh you too Lucy.\" I sneered at him as I climbed up the stairs after Tom. Sorry this chapter is a little boring but I'm trying to space it out for a reason. Hope you liked it and hope you review :)[Chapter 4] Hey again! Hope you like it! Tom's POV. I shuddered as I stepped into the attic, thanking Lucy more and more for coming with me. True I had told her to stay, but that was only because I still felt awkward around her after failing to kiss her-again! I can't believe she tried to talk to me about it. Maybe she wants to tell me she loves me too? Or maybe she wants to tell me that when we got home we should stop being friends because I'm creeping her out. I felt a cold chill go down my spine at that thought, not bearing to even think what my life would be like without Lucy. Speak of the devil, I felt a warm hand slip into mine. \"Are you ok? You keep shivering.\" she asked, her beautiful blues glinting in the darkness. My heartbeat sped up as I swallowed to find my voice. \"Yeah I'm fine, just cold.\" I knew I couldn't keep this up for much longer, not since I realised I loved her. It was during me and Jakes' scope of Bethany and Rickey. Jake was asking me loads of questions about Lucy and I finally snapped and told him to leave her alone and not to ask her out. It's then that I realised that I didn't want Jake to have Lucy because I wanted her for myself. I think the next time Lucy asks about it, I can't just shut her out. I'll have to tell her I'm in love with her. \"Whoa. Total creep show.\" Rickey muttered as he looked around the attic. I followed his example, glancing at all the broken, abandoned dust covered items. My free hand brushed over an old counting grid, the ones where they slid the beads across. Lucy smiled down at it, flicking one of the beads. \"You can still re-take your exams.\" she offered quietly. I shook my head. \"No. I failed because I wasn't smart enough.\" I said. I knew that was a lie, I was supposed to be top of my class and Lucy knew that. She wouldn't understand why I did what I did. Lucy looked like she wanted to argue, but Rickey interrupted her. \"Alright, here we go.\" he said as he climbed up towards the sky light. I nodded, steeling myself for what had to be done. \"Listen about the paintball thing…\" I started but Rickey shook his head. \"Oh hey, don't even worry about it.\" he said, wiping his hand before holding it out to me. I smiled as I was about to shake it, until he whipped his hand back, laughing. \"Ha ha, fire cracker! to slow!\" my eyebrows scrunched up as I tried to register what just happened. I looked back at Lucy, who looked like she must mirror my expression. \"You know what? Thanks to your little sharp shooting stunt back there I wrapped up pity points with your parents and big sis is just itching to be my privet nurse. So thanks a ton ace, that was a text book wingman move.\" he said smugly, flicking my collar. I glared at him as he stepped away from the window. \"Now come on, get up there and make me nana's hero.\" \"But your told my dad you'd fix it.\" I said slowly. He smirked at me. \"Yeah well I told your dad a lot of things. Like my car broke down, my parents own a lake house. I'm eighteen.\" he finished as he stepped up to open the sky light. My eyes widened. \"Wait. You're not a senior?\" Lucy asked. Rickey smirked. \"Not in high school. Now go.\" he demanded, gesturing outside. I felt Lucy shiver as a cold breeze swept through the room. I glared up at Rickey, refusing to help him trick my family. \"Go.\" he said lowly. Lucy backed up slightly, pulling her hand from mine. I turned to her. \"You stay here and keep the window open. I'll be right back.\" I smiled. She smiled sheepishly at me. \"Thanks.\" I heard a groan behind us, Rickey effectively ruining another of our moments. \"Oh shut up and get your butt out there lover boy.\" I blushed as I turned away. That blush turned to a scowl as Rickey grabbed my collar, shoving me out the window and onto the hard roof. Wow he was strong. I wiped the grit from my face and stood up, looking out over the roof. I turned to see Rickey saying something to Lucy, who looked like she wasn't even listening, just staring out the window at me. I flashed her another smile before I turned to look at the dish. \"Whoa!\" I gasped. It had been completely obliterated, a giant smoking hole in the middle. As I picked up a fallen piece of it, I really didn't want to know what had happened. I looked up at the sky, glad to see that the storm seemed to be blowing itself out. I was started out of my thoughts by the sound of a pot breaking. I gulped as I stood up to investigate. \"Hello?\" I asked as I stepped closer to the tangled mess of garden supplies. Just as I thought there would be nothing there, a hand grabbed my shoulder, spinning me around and making me jump. I was met by a laughing Jake \"Dude you make it too easy.\" he said as he laughed. I scowled. \"That's not funny.\" I muttered, calming my heart rate. Jake shrugged, turning towards the dish. \"What the heck happened to the dish? I can't do a week here without TV.\" he mumbled humorously. I chuckled. \"I can't do a week here period.\" Jake smirked at me. \"Nah, you have that girl to have fin with. Lucy right?\" I narrowed my eyes at him. He threw his hands up in defence. \"I know I know. Leave her alone. Can I at least hang with her when you're around. I know you wanna get with her but don't smother her.\" he smirked as he walked towards the dish. \"I don't want…\" I trailed off, knowing he wouldn't believe me. It was lie anyway. As Jake stopped walking, both our heads turned to look at a shadow that was growing on the wall. My heartbeat sped up as I realised that it looked like it was a little frog on two legs with four arms. Slowly, Jake and I turned to look at each other, both of us with wide eyes. Slowly, preying that whatever was behind us was just from my imagination, we turned around to see a little green thing that looked like a hobbit with four arms standing there with something in his hands. He was only three feat tall and seemed shocked to see us standing there. \"Hello, humans.\" he said, smiling at us. My breath stopped. \"Please say you see that too.\" Jake whispered franticly. \"Not sure I want to, but yeah.\" I stated frankly as the alien kept talking. \"We come from upstairs.\" he was interrupted by another thing running up to him, shouting at him to be quiet. This one only had two arms but a big gut. \"I handle human contact.\" he said gruffly. Me and Jake just stood there watching them. The fat one started flicking through a book before he turned to us. \"Hello humans.\" he said brightly, but I cringed at him. \"No need to notification army we come in pieces.\" he said before the four armed one interrupted him, correcting him by say they come in peace. As they argued the fat one seemed to get frustrated. \"Stupid book! Forget the book!\" he finally yelled, slamming it on the ground. \"Attack the humans!\" he commanded. At that instant two more aliens jumped up. One was really ripped, but he was really ugly. The other I think was female, and she seemed to eager to hurt us. \"With pleasure!\" she smirked as she got ready to pounce, \"Humans! Submit!\" the ugly one yelled, pointing at us with a weird looking gun. ' He's got a gun?' me and Jake backed up as he pointed it at us. It was then that Rickey chose that moment to climb onto the roof, his back facing the aliens. It was at that point that I could only guess what these things were, they didn't look from this planet. \"What is taking you girls so long?\" he questioned, completely ignoring our shouts to turn around. The ugly alien smirked as he aimed and fired his gun at Rickey, his shot hitting him in the back of the neck. Rickey instantly fell forwards with a shriek, landing right on his face. \"Rickey!\" we yelled. No matter how much I hated him, I didn't want the guy dead. The fat alien smirked, bringing out controller and something that looked like a Bluetooth headset. \"What's happening to him?\" I yelled, not really expecting Jake to answer. \"Now the fun begins.\" the fat alien laughed, sticking the headset on his ear. \"Testing. Testing.\" he mumbled as he fiddled with the controller, which looked like one of those paper fortune tellers. As he did, Rickey twitched and twisted, repeating the word testing over and over again in a funny voice. Jake and I backed right up, I didn't even want to be near those little freaks now. The alien smirked as he stopped mindlessly fiddling with the handheld device. He spoke again and this time Rickey's voice was normal. With a flick of the aliens wrist, Ricky was back on his feet, not even bending his knees to get back up. I felt bad already. \"In humanoid subjects. We are the Zirkonian species.\" I looked down at the alien controlling Rickey, who didn't even bat an eyelid at what he was doing. \"And we claim your luscious planet as our own.\" Rickey started advancing forwards. Instinctively Jake and I backed up. \"You have the choice of eternal enslavement or…\" Rickey stopped talking as he reached towards me and Jake, as we tried vainly to scramble over the railing. I took one look over and froze. I hate heights. I felt Rickey grab my collar and I cried out as he spun me and Jake around and slammed us back on our feet. \"Instantaneous death.\" my mind stopped working as I realised something. Lucy would never take enslavement, she was far to proud. \"Run?\" Jake suggested, lifting his elbow. I caught on and nodded. \"I'm good with run.\" I agreed as I followed Jakes' lead and elbowed Rickey in the stomach. While he appeared to be in no pain, he did let go, and me and Jake sprinted away. \"You have chosen instantaneous death.\" I heard Rickey growl before his footsteps crunched. Me and Jake leaped towards the window, pulling on it. \"It's locked!\" I shouted. \"Where's Lucy?\" I fretted. Jake was to busy trying to open the window. I flinched as another of those alien shot thingies bounced off the window. We got up and ran as Rickey advanced on us again, running back over to the railing. I felt my legs turn to jelly as we approached the railing, Jake looking over the side. \"We're trapped!\" I shouted, not prepared to look over the edge. \"Duck!\" Jake shouted as Rickey came crashing through a wooden wall. We ducked and Rickey flew past us, tripping over the edge of the railing. I swallowed my sick feeling as he toppled out of site. Luckily for him, a cable from the satellite dish was snagged around his ankle, jolting him to a stop and breaking the wooden perch the ugly alien was standing on. \"Unbelievable!\" he shouted. \"Razor, go!\" the fat one commanded. \"Yes sire!\" she yelled before launching herself at me. I used an old crate to block her and her…nails? I focused on keeping her away from me, chucking the crate away with her stuck to it. I spotted Jake screaming at the window. \"Hannah! Thank god! Open the window!\" a second later he was yelling. \"No! Come back!\" I was busy taking out the ugly alien with a crate, saving Jake in the process. I rushed back over to the window to see Art, Lee and Lucy standing there. Lucy looked scared out of her mind. I could see her mouth moving but I couldn't hear what she was saying. I could see Art and Lee arguing about who should open the window. I could tell because Lucy eventually pushed them out of the way and opened it, just missing getting crushed by me and Jake as we fell through, the window slamming shut behind us. \"Everyone downstairs now!\" I shouted as Lucy tried to help pull me up. \"Tom! What's going on?\" she yelled. She screamed as the window shattered and the four aliens leaped through. \"Creepy crawlies.\" Hannah murmured. \"GO! GO! GO!\" I yelled, ushering everyone downstairs. I pushed Lucy ahead of me as I heard the gun the ugly alien used charging up. Just as Jake and I were stepping onto the steps, the others waiting at the bottom of the stairs, I felt something like a bee sting in the back of my neck. It hit so hard that I was forced from my feet and went tumbling down the steps. Jake thudded down next to me. I felt my body twitching violently before it stopped. I felt weird, not like a zombie, just stunned. I felt a hand on my shoulder roll me over onto my back. \"Tom are you ok?\" I heard Lucy cry. I will not upload another chapter until I receive more reviews![Chapter 5] Hey. Thank you for laughing at my Joke. I'm not really good at writing my humour opposed to saying it. This chapter is a little boring but I'm trying to space it for a reason. Hopefully you'll get it when it happens. Can you try and spread my fiction around to other readers, I'm just starting and you're my best reviewer Indigofrisbe. Lucy's POV. I panicked as Tom just stared up at me, not moving. \"Tom?\" I probed gently. Suddenly he flung upwards, wrapping his arms around me tightly. \"Lucy, oh my god! I'm so happy to see you!\" he shouted, squeezing the life out of me. \"Tom, can't breath.\" I gasped out, no matter how much I wanted him to keep holding me. He let go of me, blushing while looking away sheepishly. I saw him look up at the attic. \"Art and Lee shut the attic.\" I said soothingly, stroking his hair as he seemed to calm down. Jake was stirring as well, rolling over to face Tom. \"Are you a zombie?\" Tom asked. Jake shook his head. \"No. You?\" Tom shook his head but Jake didn't seem to except this. \"Prove it.\" he demanded. Tom looked at him confused. \"What?\" \"I said prove it!\" Jake yelled, pushing me aside and climbing on top of Tom and shaking him by his shirt collar. \"You wet the bed until you were 10, a zombie wouldn't know that!\" Tom stammered. I laughed. \"Really?\" I snickered. Jake glared at me. I was goanna laugh some more, but the banging from the attic door interrupted me. \"Look out!\" Art yelled as the aliens prised open the door. \"Ugly humans!\" a really ripped one yelled. He's calling us ugly? Quick as lightening Jake was under the door, pushing up on it while Tom tried to pull it too. Art tried to help but ended up getting his shirt slashed by a pair of nails from another alien. \"What are those things?\" I shouted over Art's frantic screaming. Finally Tom and Jake managed to shut the door, slicing three nails off the female's hand. \"Whoa you cut off her nails!\" Art exclaimed. I bent down and picked them up, only to drop them as they cut into my fingers. \"We gotta call 911!\" Tom shouted before running out the room. The rest of us followed as he barrelled down the stairs and into Jake's room. Jake and the twins grabbed their phones, only to each call out in distress as they realised each one was dead. \"What's happening?\" Lee shouted. Jake cringed. \"Smart buggers are signal blocking us!\" I just stood there, not having a phone to check. \"Tommy it works!\" Hannah shouted, holding up an old rotary phone. Art grabbed it and hit the block it was attached to. \"There's no button's. What is this thing?\" he cried worriedly. I rolled my eyes. Really? Tom walked over and took the phone from him. \"It's a rotary phone. You spin it.\" he instructed, turning it on the nine. It seemed to take an eternity for it to get back to one. Eventually we managed to get a hold of the police, only for the phone to cut out halfway through our conversation. Stupid piece of junk. \"We gotta tell our parents.\" Tom ordered next. We all nodded and were about to follow when a banging sounded from the window. We all froze and turned towards the window, me gripping Tom's hand again. Carefully we edged towards it, before Jake reached forwards and snapped back the curtains. I nearly jumped out of my skin when I saw Rickey dangling there with a way to happy smile on his face. Jake quickly calmed himself and opened the window. \"Is he still a zombie?\" Tom asked. \"A what?\" I asked. Tom gave me a look and I knew he meant for me to be quiet. Jake reached behind him and grabbed the pink plastic wand Hannah handed him before hesitantly prodding Rickey with it. \"You are useless!\" snapped Rickey and we all jumped back. \"That's not very nice.\" I mumbled. Tom gave me a 'When is Rickey ever really nice?' look. \"Why aren't the mind control plugs working?\" he continued. \"You're the engineer, figure it out! Hurry up! Hurry up!\" he kept on yelling orders, confusing me as to what he was talking about. \"He's not talking to us is he?\" Jake asked. Tom appeared to be thinking. \"I think he's picking up their conversation.\" Tom said, before registering our confused looks. \"Like a Bluetooth.\" he clarified. Like that cleared things up. \"Are you telling me the plugs only work on mature subjects? Why didn't we plan for this? You have failed me you incompetent piece of gek-translation not available.\" Rickey said all at once. I raised an eyebrow. Suddenly Ricky started to have some sort of spasm attack before whatever was holding him up snapped and he feel towards the ground. We all rushed to the window apart from Tom. I knew why, he still hated heights. No wonder he looked so pale as he came off the roof. \"Did you hear that?\" he asked. Lee nodded. \"Yeah sounds like Rickey landed on his face.\" he laughed. I rolled my eyes but couldn't hide my smile. \"No those things they shot at us, they're mind control plugs. They won't work on kids. It's like you said, we're wired differently.\" he said, smiling triumphantly. I smiled at Tom, ever the smart one. \"But what about Rickey? They tagged him and he's Bethany's age.\" Jake reasoned and my smile faded. He had a point. Tom's triumphant look darkened, as did mine as I remembered what Ricky had said in the attic. \"No he lied. The tools in collage.\" \"Well if they don't work on kids…\" Lee started. \"…Then that means we're safe!\" Art finished happily. I rolled my eyes at his inability to see the bigger picture. \"It means we can fight back.\" Jake said determinedly. He wanted to fight them? \"It means we have to watch out for our parents. They're walking targets.\" he said, giving Hannah a look as she stared up at him. \"We gotta tell 'em. Now.\" Art said, heading towards the door before Tom stopped him. \"Wait. Think.\" Tom said pulling him back into our group. \"If our parents even go near those things they'll be toast. Our own parents will attack us.\" \"We need the police. And their hardcore fire power.\" Jake said with an odd glint in his eyes. \"Armed zombies. Even better.\" Tom said, snuffing out the light. \"So that's it. Game over.\" Art summarised and I couldn't help but agree. \"Game over for the grown ups. But we can still fight back.\" Jake tried again. \"You expect us to stop an alien invasion on our own?\" Lee asked him. Tom nodded. \"He's right. We're the only option.\" I gulped, never one for conflict. Tom glanced at me and I knew he sensed my hesitation. \"But we can't tell anyone. No police. No parents. No exceptions. Got it?\" Tom finished. I nodded and looked down to Hannah for conformation but found she was gone. \"Hannah?\" I called. All of us suddenly realised she wasn't in the room. Tom seemed to realise were she was as he took off downstairs with us following. We ran into the kitchen just as Mrs. P was talking about a deposit on the house. \"You heard her Tom. No more trouble.\" Mr. P warned. I clenched my fists, hating the way Mr. P seemed to have no faith in his son. \"Yeah it was just a video game. We shouldn't have let her watch. It was rated PG13.\" Tom lied as he ushered Hannah out the room. We all followed as we congressed on the stairs. \"Tommy I'm scared. I don't wanna fight aliens.\" Hannah said, clutching our hands. I squeezed it and she tightened her grip. Tom kneeled down in front of his sister. \"Don't worry Hannah. Just pretend it's a big game. A game which we're goanna win. Just think about how little they are.\" he comforted gently. I smiled as a grin stretched across Hannah's face. Tom had such a great connection with his little sister. \"Yeah little, and deadly.\" Lee muttered. I slapped him upside the head. \"Yeah. How are we goanna fight them?\" Art asked. Jake smirked. \"Easy. We figure out their weakness.\" Art raised an eyebrow. \"They flew here from another galaxy, do you really think they have a weakness?\" he asked sarcastically. Jake was still smirking. \"First rule of the warrior code: all enemies have a weakness.\" he said before heading towards the front door. Tom shrugged and followed him. Naturally, me, the twins and Hannah followed, Hannah not letting go of my hand. When we reached a window Jake grabbed onto the wooden frame that lead up to an attic window, hoisting himself up a bit. \"Alright I'm going up. Recon's my speciality.\" he said. \"Be careful Jake.\" I warned. He looked at me and winked. \"Always.\" he said in a funny voice. My eyebrows creased together but ignored him. I saw Tom look up at the window then glance at me before taking a step towards it. \"I'm coming to.\" he said, his voice barely keeping from shaking. My head snapped over to him and I gripped his arm. \"Ton what are you doing? You know you can't go up there.\" I whispered. Tom glanced at the others before looking back at me, an un-Tom like smirk on his face. \"Don't worry about me Luce I'll be fine.\" he said before climbing up after Jake. Well that was just odd. I watched as Tom slowly reached the window and looked in. as the seconds ticked on, Jake tried to get a better look. Unfortunately Tom refused to move, his arms and legs so ridged they looked like they were made of stone. Because of this Jake slipped, managing to hold on with one arm before he grabbed Tom's arm. This managed to wake him up from his macho man persona because a second later he let go of the wall and both he and Jake were sent tumbling towards the ground. \"Oh, that must have hurt.\" Art muttered as I rushed past. I grabbed Tom by his shirt and helped pull him to his feet. His knees shook as he fought to stand. I knew that was to high for him to handle. \"Are you ok?\" I asked. He gripped my hand that was on his shoulder tightly. \"Yeah I'm fine.\" he said in a shaky voice. I knew that was as much as he would admit with the others around. \"Basement! We gotta get to the basement.\" he commanded. We all nodded and headed towards the front door, only to run into Bethany. \"Have you guys seen Rickey?\" she asked us. \"Uh, pretty sure he's still hanging around here somewhere.\" Jake said quickly. I looked around subtly and noticed Ricky lying in a pile of wires, wood and bushes off to our left, out of Bethany's sight. \"He didn't leave did he?\" Bethany asked, turning in Rickey's direction. Tom's hand shot out and stopped her. \"Actually.. He um…told us he was headed down to the lake to bronze up his rock hard abs.\" he struggled with a pained expression. I couldn't help but giggle slightly at his expression. He scowled as he said. \"He wanted you to meet him there.\" as he tried to walk away Bethany stopped him. \"Wait. What did you two talk about on the roof? Did he say anything about me?\" she asked hopefully. Tom looked unsure. \"Uh he talked about his car and… just his car. But you should hit the lake.\" he said ushering her towards the lake. She looked unhappy about it, but jogged off towards the lake. Tom let out a heavy sigh as Bethany disappeared. \"That was close. Come on lets go to the basement.\" he said, taking my hand and leading us towards the house once more. How'd you like it? Tell me in your reviews. Should be a new chapter tomorrow if I get what I need to continue (Hint, Hint) :)[Chapter 6] Hey! Here's a chapter I've been waiting to write. There's a surprise at the end. Hope you like it... Tom's POV \"So what are we looking for?\" Lee asked as he held up an old sock. I heard Lucy choke back a gag as she realised that the brown item of clothing had once been white. This wasn't a good place for her, it was too dark. She hated the dark, she said it makes her feel alone. \"Anything Alien.\" I grunted, looking around the dark basement. I wasn't anywhere near Lucy though, I was way to embarrassed. I can't believe I let my jealousy coax me into climbing something ten feat tall, only to fall off, all to impress her. \"Stupid teenage hormones making me fall in love with my best friend.\" I grumbled as I wiped the cobwebs from my hands. \"What did you say Tom?\" Lucy called over from her spot. \"Nothing!\" I said a little too quickly, thanking the darkness of the basement for hiding my blush. \"I'm telling you. Their map lead down here.\" I said, noting the fed up look on Jake's face as I walked past. \"You positive?\" he asked. I was about to answer when Hannah shushed us. \"Do you hear that? Rice-crispies.\" she said quietly. I listened and heard it to, the sound of crackling was coming from somewhere in the room. It seemed to becoming from Art's pocket. Slowly he reached in and brought out his DS Light. He flipped it open and switched it on. My eyes widened at the bright blue screen with some kind of number sequences running up and down the screen. I took it out of his hands to get a better look. Lucy put her chin on my shoulder, looking over to get a better look. \"What is that?\" Lee asked. Tom had a dark expression. \"It's their machine. Something down here is setting it off.\" we all began to look around, checking everything we could. I noticed Jake was getting more and more jumpy before he grabbed a rake. \"Well whatever it is, we can't let them get to it.\" he said, brandishing it. \"Everyone gear up. We move on my command.\" he stated. I raised an eyebrow and looked at Lucy, who was also giving Jake a 'are you serious?' look. \"Hold on.\" I said, trying to stop him. \"If we run up there with a bunch of random junk we're goanna get creamed.\" Lucy nodded, coming to stand beside me. \"I agree with Tom. We can make something better.\" she said as I picked up a plastic pipe. Jake didn't look very impressed. \"We're in the middle of an invasion, and you two dorks wanna play science fair? No way, we're going back in, now!\" he argued. \"You're not thinking.\" I tried to reason. \"Time for thinking is over. It's time for action.\" Jake finalised before running out, Art and Lee following. I sighed in frustration. \"He's just being a blond jock Tom. We know you're doing the right thing.\" Lucy said, patting my shoulder. I smiled at her. \"Thanks Luce. Hannah hand me that tape.\" I said confidently. Hannah smiled as she tossed it at me and I set to work, creating what I hoped could help. Soon me, Lucy and Hannah were running up the stairs, ignoring grandma Nana's offer of more mentos as we reached the large closed double doors I heard the twins shouting, asking Jake to lead them. \"Stay behind me.\" I instructed to Hannah and Lucy before I charged through the door. \"No! don't!\" Jake yelled but it was too late. As soon as I entered I was lifted off my feet by an unknown force. Hannah and Lucy had a similar reaction, screaming in surprise as they, too, were lifted up. \"Hello humans.\" said a female voice. \"Enjoying the ride?\" another voice, male, asked. I turned to see the girl alien and the ugly alien crawling out from the attic, clicking something on their shoes before they floated to the ground. \"They've got gravity boots. Why don't we have gravity boots?\" Art whined as the aliens headed for the door. The girl mocked him, copying his voice like a four year old. \"Stop them! Use your weapon Tom!\" Jake shouted. \"Bet you wished you'd listened now huh!\" Lucy yelled at him. \"Bring it meat sack!\" the ugly alien mocked. I nodded and aimed my gun, firing a potato. Unfortunately, due to there being no gravity, it lost all moment I went flying backwards, slamming my back against the far wall. \"A potato gun? That's your weapon?\" Jake shouted at me. \"Shut up Jake! Tom are you ok?\" Lucy asked, coming to my rescue. I gritted my teeth against the pain in my shoulders and nodded. I looked around for anything to help. \"Tom the fire extinguisher!\" Lucy shouted, pointing at something near me. I turned and grabbed it, turning it on and flying across the room with the momentum. \"Hurry Tommy!\" Hannah called as I slammed my shoulder against the door then flicking the bolt at the top to lock it. I then proceeded to spray what was left of the fire extinguisher on the aliens, coating them in the white foam. The coughed and spluttered as the fought to stay on their feet. Just when things were looking up, the fire extinguisher ran out. \"You ok?\" the ugly one said to the girl. She nodded as he clicked off his boots. \"I'm fine. Now go!\" she said as he floated up. My mind buzzed as he inched towards the lock. \"Jake get the grenade!\" I shouted. He nodded before kicking off the wall and grabbing it from the floor. \"Toss it here!\" I ordered, readying the fire extinguisher. He threw it with all his might and I in turn swung hard, shattering the small metal device into a million pieces. Everything froze for a minute before we all crashed to the ground, me landing hard on my side. I looked up to see the others had landed similarly, except for Hannah who had landed in the bean bag chair. 'Lucky.' The aliens glared at me. \"Why you little…\" the girl growled as she and the ugly one charged at me. I swung my weapon again and hit them both round the head, sending them flying with a resounding thud. They got the message because they started running, dodging the swipes the Twins made at them as they ran for the attic door. Jake did the smart thing and grabbed the paintball gun, firing at the gap in the attic door as they leaped inside. He managed to catch the ugly one on the butt, knocking something from his belt. \"Ow! Buttocks on fire!\" it screamed as the girl pulled him through the door before it closed. We all fell silent, the twins staring at the silver objects that fell from the aliens belt. A groan made me look over at Lucy to see her cradling her wrist. Instantly I crawled over to her, gently taking it in my hands, my mind going to Lucy mode. \"Is it broken?\" I asked, squeezing it gently. She shook her head, fighting tears. \"No, I just landed funny. It's just bruised.\" I nodded, gently letting go but still feeling the regular tingling feeling I got whenever I touched her. \"That's the thing they used to control Rickey.\" Jake panted as he stood up. I nodded, recognising the shape. \"Whoa!\" Lee said as he picked it up, pressing buttons on it. \"Cool. Let me see it.\" Art said as he snatched it from Lee. \"Nice action on the toggles.\" \"Wait what are these?\" Lee questioned, taking it back. Soon they were having an all out tug of war with the thing, treating it like a game boy they both wanted. Jake quickly stepped in before they broke it. \"Hey guys this is not a toy this is real.\" he said. I saw Lucy raise an eyebrow. \"Since when are you serious?\" she asked. Jake glared at her in response. We all turned our heads as we heard a bang coming from outside. Art, who had the controller, pressed more buttons and we heard it again. I rushed to the closest window in time to see Rickey run into a swing, the momentum sending him flipping into the air. \"Rickey?\" Jake asked. I nodded, smirking. \"Grab him before somebody finds him. I'll stay on alien watch.\" he said. I nodded and grabbed Lucy's hand. I had been doing that a lot lately and she didn't seem to mind. I turned to look at her and I thought I saw her blush as she walked. Just when I was about to say something, she opened her mouth. \"That was really amazing how you stopped those aliens Tom.\" she said, smiling endearingly at me. My eyes widened and I blushed heavily. \"No problem.\" I said, smiling back. Our moment was ruined by Art. \"Whoa, look at Rickey's car!\" he exclaimed. I turned to see it had a massive dent in the side, I smirked, running my hand over it. \"I'm sure that'll buff right out.\" I said smugly, earning a laugh from Lucy and Lee. \"I wonder where he went.\" Art asked, looking around for Rickey. \"I'll find him.\" Lee said with a confident smile, holding up the controller. As soon he clicked the button, Rickey appeared from behind his car. I watched Lee click some buttons and saw Ricky move towards us. \"Cool. So these move him.\" he stated, fiddling with the lower toggles. \"And these..\" he said, making Rickey slap himself in the face with a flick of the upper toggles. \"…Operate the arms.\" he didn't stop, just kept flicking the toggles, making Rickey keep slapping himself. We all laughed, enjoying our fun hugely. \"Talk about the ultimate game boy.\" Art chuckled. \"Hey what does the big button do?\" I asked. Lee pressed it and Rickey's head dropped before he looked around, looking confused before he caught sight of his car. \"Whoa! What the? My caaaaaaaarrrrrrrr!\" he screamed, having a worse hissy fit then Bethany when her outfit doesn't match her shoes. I glanced at Lee and he got the message, clicking the button. \"That would be the on and off button.\" he summarised. I smirked at Rickey's frozen face. \"Press it again.\" he complied. I let Rickey finish his screaming. \"Who did this to my car?\" he demanded, glaring down at me. \"You did you giant idiot.\" I smirked. He advanced on me but with one point to Lee, he was paused in his place. \"Rickey!\" I heard a new voice yell, only to be shoved aside by Bethany. \"I have been walking around the lake for an hour! Where were you?2 she yelled at him, unaware he was under our control. I quickly signalled for Lee to press the button. \"Oh shut up you little…whoa Bethany?\" he started, confused at why he was suddenly yelling at his girlfriend. Bethany obviously wasn't happy with this, slapping him hard. \"Ow! Why are you hitting me?\" he whined. \"Why are you being such a jerk?\" she snapped back before storming off. I laughed as I watched Rickey chase her, trying to explain himself to her. \"Do you want me to bring him back?2 Lee asked. I shook my head and I think Lucy under stood. \"No let him suffer.\" she said, matching my smirk before walking back to the house. \"Come on, we should meet back up with Jake and Hannah.\" I felt a little flare of jealously well up in me. Why was she so eager to get back to Jake? I followed without question and soon we were back upstairs. We walked through the door to see Jake and Hannah crouching behind the couch, which had been turned upside down and against the door. \"Where's Rickey? Taken prisoner by the aliens?\" he asked. I chuckled. \"Worse. My sister.\" Lucy laughed and I smiled before I crouched down behind the couch. \"Any action up here?\" I asked. Jake shook his head. \"No, it's quiet. Too quiet.\" he mumbled. He watches way to many war movies. A bang sounded from the vents and we all looked up, watching a shadow pass by the grate. \"What are they doing in the vents?\" Jake worriedly exclaimed. \"There map. That's how they'll get to the basement.\" I explained. \"What do we do?\" Jake asked. Lucy suddenly perked up. \"I have an idea.\" she said before running out the room. We followed to see her fiddling with a thermostat, turning it all the way up. \"Luce you're a genius!\" I exclaimed, causing another blush to appear on her cheeks, or was it the drastic rise in heat. \"Hope this works Einstein.\" Jake smirked before we headed back to the room. We waited before we heard the aliens shrieking, running back towards the attic. \"Nice job.\" Jake complemented Lucy, who's blush intensified. I narrowed my eyes at them. I was about to speak up when I heard my dads voice. \"Kids! Get down here!\" he shouted. Great he was mad again. We all went downstairs, me stopping in front of my dad. \"Who turned on the heat?\" he demanded. I looked down and noticed that he had turned it off. Lucy looked like she was about to speak up but I beat her too it, flicking the switch back on as I spoke. \"I did. We need that on.\" my dads eyebrows shot up. \"Are you crazy? It's the middle of the summer.\" Jake spoke next. \"Yeah but it's freezing in here.\" he rubbed his arms, glancing down at Lucy, who copied him, giving him a 'thank you' look. I felt my anger bubble again. \"I think Hannah's coming down with something.\" I tried, nudging Hanna slightly. She pretended to cough. \"Alright what's going on?\" my dad asked, looking unconvinced. \"We're fighting aliens. I'm pretending it's pretend.\" Hannah said. I glared a her. \"I mean it is pretend.\" she covered quickly. \"Ok well I'm not pretending so don't touch the thermostat.\" he said, turning it off. I looked at him before turning it back on. \"Tom I'm serious.\" he said, turning it off. \"Well so am I.\" I said turning it back on. \"I'm not kidding. Do you want to spend the rest of the week in your room?\" he threatened, I'm facing an alien invasion and that's the best he's got. \"Why can't you trust that there's a reason I'm doing this?\" I asked. I felt someone shift beside me and glanced to see Lucy, staring at my dad with hard eyes. \"A reason why you're blasting the furnace on summer vacation. Talking back to me giving me attitude. Failing your classes?\" that one was the last straw. Without thinking I blurted out. \"So that's what this is about? I failed on purpose dad. Yeah I tanked my grades. I'm tired of getting picked on for being a brainyack!\" I shouted at him. Lucy touched my shoulder and I turned to her. \"Tom…\" she started but was cut off by my dad. \"I was a brainyack. It worked for me.\" he reasoned. \"I don't wanna be like you! I wanna be cool!\" I shouted at him. Everything went quiet. \"But Tom…\" Lucy tried again. My anger was everywhere now, blocking sensible thoughts from reaching my brain. \"And I wanna have at least one more friend besides Lucy!\" I shouted, more at her then my dad. I heard a gasp and saw her staring at me, here eyes wide and filled with tears. My anger fled at the sight of her upset. \"Lucy I…\" I tried but she wouldn't listen, choosing to turn and run back up the stairs. \"Lucy! Wait Lucy!\" I shouted, running after her. I heard a door slam and knew she was in our room. I grabbed the door handle but the door wouldn't open. \"Go away!\" she shouted through the door, her voice already hoarse. \"Lucy please listen to me!\" I called through the door. \"No!\" I knew how stubborn she could be and sighed in frustration. I leaned on the door and slumped to the floor, fighting back my own tears as I realised that I had just crushed the feelings of my best friend/secret love. How could I have said that, with what Lucy goes through. She needs me and I need her, we literally completed each other. Not to mention she was my dream girl. She was smart, beautiful, knew about guy stuff as well as girl stuff and was always there for me. And I repay her by saying her friendship isn't good enough for me? I wouldn't blame her of she hated me. I heard footsteps and lifted my head to see Jake walking towards me. He sat down next to me but didn't say anything. After a while of silence, where the only sound was Lucy's muffled crying, Jake spoke. \"So you really failed on purpose?\" he asked. I sighed. \"No one likes a mathlete.\" I reminded him. His mouth went into a grim line. \"Lucy did. In fact she loves one.\" my head snapped up. \"Really? She said that?\" I asked my hopes soaring. Jake looked away. \"Well she didn't say it, but it's really obvious.\" that wasn't the same. I scowled and turned away. \"Whatever. It wouldn't matter if she did. Not after what I said. You can take your shot now.\" I grumbled. Jake put a hand on my back. \"What makes you think I wanted to go out with her.\" I looked back at him. \"Are you kidding? With all the flirting you've been doing with her today I'm surprised she's not already going on a date with you.\" I said with disgust. Jake laughed. \"Dude that's all I do. Flirt. I'd never move in on another guys girl. That's just wrong.\" he said. I looked at him. \"But she's not my-\" he cut me off with a plain look. \"You two might not be official, but even I can see the looks, glances and connection you two share. All you have to do is act on it.\" Jake said before standing up and walking away. He was right, but first Lucy would have to open the door. There it is...Read, Review and tell me what you think :)[Chapter 7] Hey! Not much to do with the story happens in this chapter. It focuses on Lucy as she reveals more about herself to Tom. Enjoy! Lucy's POV I lay on my bed, clutching onto the stuffed blue nose friends dog Tom gave me for my Thirteenth birthday. Tom. How could he say that to me. I guess I could understand why he wanted more. I was only a girl who had loneliness issues, I could only keep him happy for so long. Like Bethany said, I'm surprised he hasn't run for the hills. \"Lucy? Can I come in now?\" I heard him ask through the door. I sniffed loudly as I pulled myself from the bed. I looked at the clock on the wall and was surprised to see that I had only been locked in my room for a few minutes, it felt like hours. Slowly I crossed the room and opened the door. Tom stood there, staring at me but I couldn't look back, it hurt to much to know that the person I loved was bored with my friendship. \"Please let me explain.\" he said. I smiled weakly before turning away. \"You don't have to explain anything Tom. I get it.\" I said as I trudged back over to my bed. Tom followed me as I lay back down, sitting at the edge of the bed. \"What?\" he asked, looking at me with his gorgeous brown eyes. I shrugged, wishing he would just go away and leave me to wallow in peace. \"I can be a handful to deal with. I can't stand being alone so that leaves you barely anytime to have guy friends. Because of me you've missed out on having someone to talk to about girls, sports or whatever guys like to talk about.\" I said, feeling a little bit more sick with each word. Tom just kept staring at me, before a smile spread across his face. Slowly he crawled across the bed until he was lying beside me, his arms wrapping around me in a gently but loving hug as he lifted me to lay most of my weight on him, my shoulders against his chest. I instantly responded, tucking my head under his chin and burying my face in his shoulder. He stroked my hair, running his fingers through the brown locks. \"Lucy, you are all I'll ever need or want in a friend. You're smart, fun, sensitive, beautiful…you know nearly everything about guy stuff and girl stuff, making you the perfect info guide on all things important.\" I blushed. Tom just called me beautiful. \"And I would never trade you for anyone in the whole universe. I need you almost as much as you think you need me.\" he finished, staring right into my eyes. \"Really? You're really sorry?\" I asked. He nodded. \"I am so sorry Lucy. I was so stupid for saying that.\" he said with complete sincerity. I felt my eyes water again. I quickly hid them as I reached over and grabbed the dog. \"And you're sorry for wrinkles?\" I asked. He smiled. \"Yes I'm sorry Wrinkles.\" he said, leaning down and kissing the top of the stuffed dogs head. I laughed, placing him down on the bedside table. We stayed there for a few more minutes, comfortable in our embrace. It was a perfect moment to tell Tom how I felt about him. I looked up at him, to see him looking down at me, a small smile on his face. There was something in his eyes that gave me confidence to try. \"Tom…I need to tell you something.\" I said, reading myself for rejection if he didn't feel the same. He sat up slightly. \"You can tell me anything Lucy.\" he said, grabbing my hands. I could feel my heart beating nervously, my palms sweating. \"I…I l-lov-\" I was cut off by Jake barging into the room. \"Guys. We have to…am I interrupting something?\" he asked as he noticed our position on the bed. I jumped away from Tom, blushing furiously. \"No! We were just…nothing we were doing nothing.\" I said, keeping my eyes down. Jake shrugged. \"Anyway, we have to get rid of our parents for a while.\" \"How, we can't just make them leave for no reason.\" I said. I heard Tom stand up from the bed. \"Or maybe we can.\" he said. \"Here's what I want you to do.\" he said, explaining his plan to Jake. I stood there, wondering how I could tell Tom how I felt about him now. Jake had completely ruined our mood. It wouldn't have mattered, Tom doesn't feel the same. Soon Jake was rushing off, calling for Hannah and Lee. Tom turned to me and took my hand, leading me out the room. \"Where are we going?\" I asked him. He grinned at me. \"Down to the lake.\" I gulped. There was only one thing Tom didn't know about me. I couldn't swim. Being completely surrounded by cold water was exactly what I felt whenever I was alone, so I never went in water. Tom noticed my hesitant look and stopped at the front door. \"Are you alright?\" he asked me, peering at my face. I nodded, noticing Art was waiting outside with the controller in hand. \"Yeah. Come on, Art's waiting.\" I said, swallowing my fear as I walked out the door. It didn't take us long to reach the lake, us hiding in the bushes as we watched Bethany and Rickey talk. It was when Rickey lifted Bethany into his arms that Tom decided it was time to end it. With a few flicks of his fingers, Art sent Bethany fling into the water before making Rickey turn and walk off the jetty, splashing wildly as he swam to the shore. We were all laughing hysterically when Bethany resurfaced, shouting after Rickey before she swam for the shore as well. \"Careful, don't break him.\" Tom warned as Art struggled to get Rickey to stand up. \"Grab his shirt too.\" he instructed. \"Ok, now take him back to the house.\" Tom instructed, turning to go as Art walked off towards the house. I was about to follow, when I remembered seeing Rickey set something down on the jetty. Quietly I slipped out from our cover and ran towards the jetty, running along it until I reached the end. I felt a little queasy as the wood groaned under my feet. \"Luce! Come back!\" I heard Tom shout as he ran to catch up to me. I stopped at the edge of the jetty and picked up what Rickey had dropped. It was what he had taken out of his car. I smirked as I handed it to Tom, who had caught up with me on the jetty. \"Very nice catch.\" he said, tossing it between his hands before shoving it in his pocket. I smiled, glad for the compliment. \"Come on we should get back to the hous-\" Tom's words fell away as the wood under my feet cracked, causing me to fall through the jetty and into the water. As soon as I realised what had happened I screamed, feeling the water force its way down my throat and into my lungs. I thrashed furiously in the water, managing to break the surface for a few seconds before I sank back down again. Why didn't I listen to my gut and stay off the jetty, I could have just told Tom to get the small black thing. I could vaguely hear someone calling my name, but I was far to panicked to try and respond. My lungs were screaming for air and my head was starting to get light. I could feel my movements slowing. That's it, I'm goanna die before I got the chance to tell Tom how I felt. Suddenly I heard a loud splash and then there was a shape in front of my eyes, grabbing me around the waist and hauling me up towards the light. I knew it, I'm dead. Now the angels will pull me towards the light. My head broke the surface and I found enough energy to suck in a deep breath of air. I felt the arm around my waist tighten while a soft hand turned my face to look into a pair of scared brown eyes. \"Lucy! Oh my god are you ok!\" he asked, his legs kicking us back to shore. I couldn't answer, I couldn't move, only have my arms weakly encircle Tom's neck as he managed to get his feet on the ground. He lifted me into his arms and carried me to Rickey and Bethany's laid out towels, laying me down on them. I panted as I stared up at him, his sopping wet hair dripping onto my face as he hovered over me, staring at me worriedly. I could feel his hands on my face, wiping away my hair or water on my cheeks. \"Lucy! Lucy! Say something please.\" he begged. I coughed, shutting my eyes from the sun behind his head. \"Tom?\" I grumbled. \"I can't breath.\" I grumbled. His eyes widened. \"Do you need CPR?\" he asked franticly. As much as I wanted to say yes, I shook my head. \"No, just for you to get off my stomach.\" I grumbled, pushing on his soaked shirt clad chest. He blushed as he backed up. \"Sorry. It's just I was so worried when you didn't resurface and I thought you were drowning and I just panicked.\" I placed my hand over his mouth, stopping him from passing out from lack of breathing. \"Tom. Even though I was drowning, it's ok. Thanks to you I'm fine.\" I said, getting my breath back enough to put a stop to his babbling. \"Why didn't you tell me you couldn't swim?\" Tom asked, relaxing next to me as my head fell on his shoulder in exhaustion. No matter how awkward we were getting around each other, we had been doing this since we were fourteen. Whenever one of us got upset, we would sit in this position and just talk. \"Because I've already got so much wrong with me that I didn't want to put anymore pressure on you.\" I mumbled, feeling ashamed. Tom's eyes softened as he looked at me. \"No matter how many things you feel you have to go through, I will always be around to help you. I would never let anything hurt or scare you if I could.\" he said sincerely. I smiled at him. I've lost count of how many moments we've shared today. Just as I felt myself slipping into a nice little nap, Tom grabbed my arm, hauling me up. \"Come on. Art and the others are waiting for us back at the house.\" I nodded but stumbled, my legs still shaky. Tom noticed this and smiled. \"Come here.\" he smiled, wrapping one arm around my shoulders and the other under my knees, lifting me as if I were lighter then a piece of paper. \"Have you been working out?\" I asked him as he walked. He smirked. \"Maybe? Like it?\" he asked and I felt him flex. I smirked, placing my head on his shoulder and letting my eyes slide shut. \"Maybe. I'll tell you later.\" I mumbled before I nodded off to sleep. Hope you liked it. Review and tell me![Chapter 8] Sorry, I took longer then usual to update. It's hard writing three stories at once. Check them out! Enjoy all of them! One thing I would like to mention is that I use the Blue nose friends franchise in this Fic, and probably others, because, before we went our separate ways due to conflicting schedules, on the opening night of a big play I was in that he was coming to watch, my best friend gave me the blue nose friend Wrinkles the dog. I carry him everywhere with me to keep my friend in my heart. Tom's POV I carried Lucy back up to the house while she slept peacefully in my arms. I'm not surprised she's tired, she's been through more then any of us today and we've been fighting five tiny, but very aggressive, aliens. I walked through the front door of the house, ignoring the grown ups stares as I carried Lucy up to our room. I laid her out on her bed. She groaned at the loss of my warmth, snuggling into her blankets. She could be so cute with even the most regular of actions. I smiled as I handed her Wrinkles, placing him in the hand that was resting on her chest. Her fingers curled around him as she cradled him against her chest. I'll never understand why she loves that stupid stuffed dog so much. I would have stayed longer, but I could hear Art calling for me. I quickly tucked Lucy in before going to find him. He was standing by the entrance to the kitchen, a zombiefied Rickey next to him. \"Where have you been? And what happened to Lucy?\" he asked. I shook my head. \"Doesn't matter, she's fine and that's what matters.\" I said. Art raised an eyebrow but shrugged before making Rickey walk into the room, banging him against the counter as he did. I lifted the mouth piece up, clipping it to my ear. \"Bad news.\" I said through Rickey as he stopped in front of my parents. \"The leasing office called, they need you to go back there before they close for the holidays.\" \"Really?\" my mom asked. \"Problem with the contract. They insisted.\" I said and Art made Rickey do a very large shrug. I rolled my eyes. \"Rickey are you ok?\" I heard my dad ask. I shared a panicked look with Art. He just shrugged. \"Uh…um…uhh…just allergies Mr. P.\" I stammered and Art made him rub his nose with the back of his hand. \"But they did say it was urgent.\" I said quickly, getting back on topic. \"Ok, I'll call and sort this all out.\" she said. I peeked round the door to see her grabbing the phone. \"Oh well this is weird. Hey Stu, I think the phone's dead.\" I counted down on my fingers and sure enough, Lee remembered and shut off the lights. \"Did they just cut off our power?\" I heard my dad ask. Yes! Go Lee! \"Oh they are going to here about it from me. Come on lets go.\" my mom said in a stern voice. Yes it was working, now all we have to do is get rid of Nate. \"Hey guys we could some more beers and chips. Why don't you run down to the grocery store while I fire up the grill.\" he said, always thinking of food and booze. No wonder Jake's mom left him. \"And watch the kids?\" my mom asked. I heard Nate laugh. \"Ok sure.\" he agreed. \"No!\" I called, as did Rickey. \"I mean, you all have to go…they, they said…all your names are on the lease. I'll look after the kids.\" I heard the grown ups talking amongst themselves before my mom spoke. \"Ok. Ok lets just go.\" she said in her no bull-shit voice. I suddenly got an idea. \"Oh and Mr. P? could you get me some adult diapers? Mine are almost full.\" I said and Art made Rickey make a waving motion over his nose. \"Super absorbent!\" I waited until I heard the front door close until I joined Art in laughing. He looked up at me, but his eyes were drawn upwards as he sniffed. \"Look.\" I looked up to see smoke coming out of the vents. \"Alien defimist. Don't breath!\" he yelled before pulling his shirt up over his nose. What the heck is alien defimist? I was about to follow his example when something occurred to me. \"Lucy! Put Rickey on pause.\" I ordered before turning and running up the stairs. I passed Jake, who was leaning down by one of the vents. I ran into our room to see Lucy still asleep on her bed. She looked alright, beautiful as always, but I wanted to make sure. I gently shook her awake, just in case she breathed in something dangerous. She grumbled as she rolled onto her back. I smiled, thinking of a good way to wake her up. Slowly I leaned down. I thought about going in for a kiss on the lips, but if she woke up that could be bad, so instead I placed a kiss on her forehead. She sighed, hopefully happily, before her eyes opened slowly. I smiled, putting a stray lock of her mocha hair behind her ear. She smiled up at me, her blue eyes still drowsy with sleep. I was lost for a moment before I remembered why I came in to wake her up. \"Hey, are you feeling alright?\" I asked. She chuckled, sitting up slightly. \"Well, after nearly drowning in the lake I have to say yeah I am. Why?\" she asked. I pointed up at the vent in our room. She turned and jumped when she saw it. \"What is that?\" \"Art thinks it's some kind of alien smoke. I just wanted to make sure you were alright.\" that last part was supposed to stay in my head. She seemed to be touched by this. \"Thanks Tom. I'm fine.\" she said, standing up from the bed. I helped her up and together we walked back into the hallway. Jake hadn't moved from his spot but this time Art, Lee and Hannah were standing with him. \"Jake there's smoke in the vents.\" I warned. He smirked. \"I know. It's me.\" he said, holding up one of the fire crackers his dad had brought. I saw Lucy and Hannah's eyes widened. \"We have unfriendlies on the loose, I tracked them down. Parents?\" \"Gone.\" I smirked. Jake smiled determinedly. \"Great. Now we can take it up a notch.\" he said, holding up a proper firework. I backed up slightly, pulling Hannah with me and keeping Lucy behind me. We all jumped as a bang, followed by screaming, sounded from the vents. \"This could get ugly.\" I realised, looking down at my little sister then at Lucy. \"Lucy, take Hannah and go hide.\" I said firmly. I know it sounded sexist, but I just wanted them to be safe. Lucy looked like she wanted to protest, but I gave her a stern look. When her frown deepened I knew I would have to go another route to make her go. \"Please Luce. I just want you and Hannah safe. Please do it for me?\" I begged, taking her hands in mine. I knew I was being cheesy but Lucy was stubborn. It seemed to work because with one glance at my brown eyes in puppy form and her frown melted away. she nodded, taking Hannah's hand and leading her away. \"Just be careful.\" she said as she reached the end of the corridor. I nodded, grabbing onto Art's shirt as he tried to run off after them. More bangs from the vents sounded as Jake continued to chuck fireworks down the ducts. He was going to set the house on fire soon. Judging by the screaming coming from the vents though he seemed to be hitting his targets. After about ten minutes he finally stopped blowing up the inside of the house to check the vents. \"Well that definitely slowed them down but those buggers adapt fast.\" he said as he climbed down. \"But I think we should pull out the big guns.\" he said as he walked over to his box of fireworks. \"Black cat whistler? Or fire dragon?\" he asked, holding them up. I raised my eyebrows at the large fireworks. \"Maybe we should not burn the house down?\" I asked sarcastically. He didn't look to happy about that. He looked like he was goanna say something, but I stopped him when I heard laughing. We all froze as we heard it again. \"Hannah! And Lucy!\" I shouted, charging down the hallway. I burst through the door to see the four armed alien, holding something that looked suspiciously like a gun, to Hannah's head while Lucy just watched. \"He's armed!\" Jake cried. \"Hannah, Lucy, step away from the alien.\" I said, trying to sound calm. Jake went in the other direction, diving across the room and grabbing a foam baseball bat. The alien screamed and crawled under Hannah's bed as we all crowded around, trapping it while Jake brandished his bat. But Hannah and Lucy stopped us, standing between us and the bed. \"No! Leave him alone! He's my friend!\" she demanded. Lucy nodded, glaring at us, especially Jake. I'd be lying if I said that that didn't make me happy inside. \"He was just holding a ray gun to your head!\" Art exclaimed. I nodded in agreement. \"It's my bubble blower.\" she explained, picking it up. \"He fixed it for me. He's not like the others. Look.\" she said, beckoning us towards the bed. I shared a look with Jake before following, crouching down by Lucy to look under the bed. \"First sign of aggression, I'm taking him out. With extreme prejudice.\" Jake said darkly as the alien backed up. Lucy hit his arm and I smirked. \"It's ok Mr. Snuggle-lump.\" Hannah soothed. We all gave Hannah a look. \"It's what she named him.\" Lucy cleared up for us. We all nodded before turning back to the alien. \"He's not your pet Hannah, he's a freaking alien.\" I said softly. She gave me puppy dog eyes but I just stared back. \"He's my alien.\" she said, shrugging at me before waving at him. He waved back with two of his four arms, looking a little self-conscience when we all stared. \"Aww.\" Jake gushed. We all stared at him with strange looks. He noticed and cleared his throat awkwardly. \"I mean uch.\" he corrected, blushing a little. I smiled at the alien, also finding his nervousness endearing. \"Maybe she's right. Look at his belt. I think those are tools.\" the alien still looked a little scared. \"Hey.\" I said softly, getting his attention. \"It's ok little guy. We just want to talk.\" I felt a hand on mine and turned to see Lucy smiling at me. I grinned back, glad to not look like a bad guy in her eyes. \"Come on snugs. Back up.\" Hannah instructed, the last part to us. I chuckled as I did, letting the alien-who I refused to call Snugglelump-out from under the bed. Cautiously, he crawled out from under the bed, grabbing to oids from his pocket as Hannah beckoned him over. \"Watch.\" he said, taking Hannah's hands with two of his and clapping the oids together with the other two. As he drew them apart, we all gaped as Hannah's hair instantly shot up, flowing around like the gravity had been turned off…again. \"Whoa.\" we all breathed while Hannah giggled. I touched it gently, just in case I got shocked. \"That's amazing.\" Lucy said, also touching Hannah's hair from the other side. Her hand brushed mine and I think literal sparks flowed between us. I don't know how long I'll be able to keep this act up. I always thought the people who keep their love a secret from the person they love in stories were just saps who were never brave enough to just admit it. Now I can see how frightening love can be. Twice today I've almost lost Lucy and both times all I could think about was how I was ever going to get by without her there, without seeing her beautiful smile that gets me through even the crapest of days. And then just makes me feel selfish, thinking about how I'd get by when she's the one in trouble. Well I do know that whatever she goes through I'll be right there to help her. I've been doing it for five years and I'm not prepared to let her go now. And then there's the constant thought that, if I do ever get the stones to tell her my feelings, she won't feel the same. That could ruin our friendship. The only thing different from that scenario is that if I lost her that way, I would still see her a lot, we live on the same street. I looked over at her, seeing her eyes light up as the alien did more things with his tools. If me and Lucy shared one more moment that got interrupted, I wouldn't care, I would just go ahead, finish it and accept the consequences. I am in love with Lucy Gale and by the end of this very strange day, she was going to know it. Hope you liked this chapter. Just a couple more to go now. Review![Chapter 9] Hey! Sorry it took me this long to update. Am planning on two more chapters after this! Hope you enjoy the chapter! Lucy's POV I grinned at the alien, who's real name was Sparks but Hannah wouldn't listen, as he did some more stuff with the oids. He was still showing us some of the stuff he could do. I was watching, but a bang from downstairs caught my attention. The others didn't seem to notice so I stood up, deciding to check out what was downstairs. Tom noticed and stood up to. \"What's up?\" he asked in his usual over-caring tone. I smiled, feeling my heart melt. \"Nothing, just…grabbing a snack.\" I said before rushing out the room. I didn't want to worry him, he's done a lot for everyone else today. Soon I was downstairs and heading for the kitchen. I was just about to walk in when I noticed Bethany walking in from another entrance, approaching a very still and weirdly smiling Rickey. I quickly hid behind the wall, close enough to listen to their conversation. \"What the heck was that? Talking about feelings comes with the girlfriend there is no loophole for that!\" she snapped loudly before she took a deep breath. \"Ok, I get it. You're not going to talk when I'm yelling. I'm sorry, it's not mature of me to shout.\" another sigh. \"Look, I am so, so happy being your girlfriend. But if you really care about me the way I care about you, then it shouldn't be a problem to give me the time that I need.\" I thought about what Bethany said. She has a point. If I was going out with Tom I would want him to pay attention to me. But the thing is, he already does. He is sweet and caring and has shown that he would risk his own safety for me. He doesn't even like it when I leave the room without him knowing where I'm going. Some might see that as being obsessive but I see that as him being really sweet. I really wish he would ask me out, I've been waiting for him for three years now. My thoughts were interrupted by Bethany getting mad at Rickey. I realised that he hadn't been talking this entire time. \"So that's how it is? I'm getting the silent treatment? Oh who is in high school now?\" she yelled before running back outside. Sorry Bethany but we still need Ricky. A crash from upstairs alerted my attention. What were they doing now? I quickly ran back upstairs, only to see the door knocked down. I ran in, only to be hit in the chest with something small and hard. It forced me backwards and onto the floor. I shook my head, feeling it swim dizzily. Two of the aliens rushed past, riding on a skateboard while dragging a pink suitcase behind them, the girl holding Jake's paintball gun. Did I hit my head? \"Lucy! Oh my god are you ok?\" I heard Tom shout as he ran out over the busted down door. He helped me up and I nodded. Jake was behind him and I saw his eyebrows shoot up. \"Wow Lucy! You sure can take a hit huh?\" he exclaimed. \"What?\" I asked, looking at Tom. His eyes darted down to my stomach and I followed his gaze. My eyes widened at the blue paint splattered over my white shirt. No wonder I felt winded. \"You know that pattern actually makes the shirt look pretty cool.\" he said. I blushed. \"Thanks?\" I said. I saw Jake role his eyes. \"Can you guys continue this later? There's a cop outside who wants answers and we have an alien in a trunk who keeps yelling at us.\" I looked between all of them, Art, Lee and Hannah having joined us in the hall. I looked in the room to see it trashed, and with Nana standing as still as Rickey was. \"Is Nana…?\" I trailed off when Tom nodded, Lee holding up the controller. Jake looked like he was fed up with waiting. \"Ok, you guys get rid of the cop, I'm on alien watch.\" he said before running out the room. I rolled my eyes. Always so impatient. \"What did you guys do while I was gone?\" I asked. They all shrugged. I would have asked more questions, but I was dragged downstairs by Tom when we heard someone knocking on the door, Art and Lee carrying the trunk between them while Sparks hid in Hannah's back pack. When we finally presented ourselves to the cop, he didn't look to happy. \"I don't know how much you guys know about peno codes, but making phone calls with the intent to annoy or harass is a serious offence. It's called criminal mischief and it can land you a one way ticket to juvy. 911 is for emergencies only…\" I tuned out, letting the cop drone on and on. Tom looked like he wasn't listening either, rolling his eyes when the policeman started on another rant. I noticed him look down at the trunk before at the cops belt, eyes widening when they settled on his gun. Did Tom what to shoot the alien? I nudged him and gave him a questioning look. He looked confused before he rapidly shook his head, mouthing something that I think was supposed to say 'The alien wants the gun.' but I couldn't be sure. \"Look sheriff,\" Tom started, fed up with him. I shared that. If what Tom thinks is true then he needs to leave, now. \"We told you we were sorry. So really you can leave now, we'll be good.\" he was making it sound like we were a bunch of eight year olds who were begging their parents to not hire a babysitter. The sheriff didn't look to impressed. \"Oh you'll be good? Ok well we got the whole problem solved.\" he said in a really sarcastic tone. I stiffened when the trunk started to shake violently, catching the sheriff's attention. Tom kicked it and it stopped shaking. \"Hey what's that there?\" he asked. We all stammered to come up with an answer, Tom going with a robotic dog. The sheriff didn't seem to buy this and started reaching for the trunk, demanding to have a look. I held my breath, preparing for the worst. Just as he was about to open it, a car horn blared loudly and I never thought I'd be so happy to see the grown ups. Tom on the other hand looked a little uneasy. I noticed Nate look a little uneasy as they approached us. Mr. P did not look to happy as he rounded on Tom. \"One hour, we're gone one hour.\" he said, staring down at Tom. I felt the anger rise again as Tom glared at his dad. \"What did you kids do?\" he demanded while Mrs. P introduced herself to the sheriff. \"Is everything ok?\" she asked. The sheriff frowned. \"No ma'm I'd say making a fraudulent call to 911 is not ok.\" he said sternly. \"You called 911?\" Mr. P asked, staring only at Tom. Tom was shaking with rage but I gently took his hand. His shaking stopped but he still looked a little mad. As the grown ups continued to talk, Mr. P talking about how Tom will be punished-causing me to grip his hand more tightly- we both felt a wave of panic sweep over us when my mom invited the sheriff over for lunch. No! No! No! why are Tom's parents acting so stupid. And it only made it worse when the sheriff accepted. I was startled out of my thoughts by something bouncing off the sheriffs badge. Tom stepped forwards, concealing whatever it was with his foot. \"What was what?\" he asked, dodging the sheriff's questioning. \"Come on everyone, dinner.\" he said, trying to sound enthusiastic. We all nodded, ushering the grown ups inside, through the house and into the back garden. We all gathered around the table as Mr. P began cooking the burgers. I sat next to Tom, who was sitting on the trunk holding the alien. Now that we had a minutes peace I was finally able to ask him something I had wanted to ask since he woke me up. \"Tom, about what happened back at the lake…\" I trailed off as he nodded, staring right into my eyes. I ignored Nana's blabbering to Mrs. P as I continued. \"Can you teach me how to swim? I'd really like to learn.\" he smiled, his brown eyes glinting. \"I'd love to.\" great not only was I going to get to learn how to swim, I was going to get to see Tom in a swim suit, topless. I blushed when I realised he was also going to see me in nothing but the bikini I packed. My thoughts were interrupted by Bethany's angry threats to whoever created love. I still felt sorry for her, being ignored by her jerk boyfriend. I got up. \"Where are you going?\" Tom asked. I looked over at Bethany. \"To try and mend some bridges.\" I said. Tom didn't say anything, just nodded as I walked off. When I reached Bethany, I didn't really know what to say. \"What do you want?\" she snapped as I just stood there awkwardly. I shrugged before I realised she couldn't see. \"I don't know. I saw you and I guess I just wanted to see if you were alright.\" I said simply. When she didn't respond I came and sat next to her. \"Look Bethany. I'm not going to pretend I know what you're going through. Yes I am going through some unrequited love of my own, but I just want you to know that I'm here for you.\" I said. She looked at me. \"Why are you being so nice to me? Especially after what I said in the car this morning.\" she asked. I shrugged. \"Us girls gotta stick together I guess. Hannah's to young to have girl talk with to I guess it's just you and me.\" I said. Bethany smiled and I smiled back, glad to see I cheered her up. \"So unrequited love? Is it Tom?\" she asked mischievously. I chuckled as I stood up, walking away. \"Shut up Bethany.\" I said, laughing a little. I sat back down next to Tom, who was chuckling. \"What was that about?\" he asked. I shook my head. \"Girl stuff.\" I said simply. He backed right away, leaning away from me. \"Whoa, to much information.\" he laughed and I smacked his arm. As everyone else was sitting down, I noticed that Jake still hadn't come back from the house. Mr. P seemed to notice it to, asking Nate about his son. Nate shrugged. \"Jake's an adult, he can take care of himself. If he wants food he can come and get it.\" always thinking with his stomach. Me and Tom sat and ate in silence, both thinking about where Jake was. It was when the trunk under Tom rumbled again, did everyone stop eating and look at him. \"My stomach!\" he said, grabbing his burger. \"I'm starving.\" he clarified, taking a big bite. But he dropped his burger when a distinct, annoying voice broke through all the chatter. \"Attention all. Resistance is futile. Give me what I need.\" Rickey demanded as he strode up to the table, pushing Bethany away when she tried to get his attention. I looked at Art and Lee, who were both looking at the ground in confusion. When he approached the table, he walked up behind Hannah, snatching the bag from her back while ignoring all the shouting Hannah was doing. When he walked past me he grabbed my arm and hauled me up. \"You will provide useful for bargaining. The leader will not attack if his mate is threatened.\" Rickey stated, dragging me away from the table. Mate? am I that obvious that even an alien notices. Of course I struggled against him, but Rickey was strong. \"Hey where are you taking her! Lucy!\" I heard Tom shouting after us. \"Let me go!\" I demanded, kicking, punching and even biting Rickey. He didn't seem to feel any pain as he dragged me inside. I could hear the others following and as soon as we reached the door to the basement, Tom barged in through the front door. \"Let her go you alien controlled son of a bitch!\" he shouted. My eyes widened at Tom's language. Rickey just chuckled as he through Sparks into the basement. He then grabbed me, making sure Tom could see the tears that were forming in my eyes. \"If you do not submit then the female will be harmed.\" he stated. Tom stared at me, pure fury in his eyes. They seemed to soften when they saw how scared I was. \"Tom...help, please.\" I sobbed. \"Just stay calm, Lucy. I promise I will save you.\" he said determinedly. I smiled hopefully but that melted off my face when Rickey started laughing. \"Pathetic human emotions.\" he laughed before pushing me into the basement. I stumbled and lost my footing, falling down the steps and rolling painfully into a deep hole that I don't remember being there the first time we came down. I heard shuffling before a voice sounded. \"Another human?\" it was one of the aliens. It sounded like the ugly one. \"What do we do wit her?\" he asked his companion. \"Duh! We tie her up and put her with the other one!\" the girl yelled before I heard a thumping sound. Before I could find the strength to move I felt my wrists being tied. When I tried to struggle I felt something sharp pressed against my neck. \"Don't struggle. You'll regret it.\" she demanded. I didn't listen and I felt three nails rip into my cheek. My cry of pain was stifled by something being shoved into my mouth then duct taped in, \"That was a warning!\" the girl hissed before going back to digging. I felt myself being moved and the next thing I knew I was inside a dark corner. I couldn't see the aliens digging but I could feel the earth hitting me in the back, shredding at my clothes, then my skin. I was alone, and scared. I did my best to curl into a ball, hide myself away from the darkness of the world that I was trapped in. Tom, if you can hear my thoughts, please save me like I know you can. I still need to tell you that I love you. When breathing became to hard through my gag, I felt my eyelids drop and I passed out. Hope you enjoyed it! Review![Chapter 10] Hey. This ones a little long but a lot happens! Enjoy! Tom's POV As soon as Lucy was taken, the aliens started a war they could not win. I'm might not be the biggest and strongest of guys, but if you mess with Lucy, prepare for an ass kicking from me. Rickey smirked at us as he locked the door to the basement, swallowing the key. I hope he chokes. \"You have lost. And now the invasion will begin.\" he said darkly. I stepped forwards, keeping the others behind me. \"Invasion? You mean there's more of you guys coming?\" Lee asked. Rickey's glare deepened and he began marching towards us. \"Many more. And we will crush you like bugs.\" he said. \"Not if we crush you first!\" I shouted at him, only to be pushed roughly in the chest by him. \"I will not be beaten by children!\" he then stopped and looked pointedly at me, a sick look on his face. \"Any more signs of aggression and the ones you call Jake…and Lucy, will be eliminated.\" that pushed me over the edge. I leaped at Rickey, my fist flying straight into his nose. I was met with a hard punch to my eye that sent me spiralling back into the others, landing heavily with my back on the floor. My head swam as the lights began to mix in with the colours of the ceiling. Hannah was by me in an instant and she cringed when she took a look at my eye, which I knew was going to have a nice bruise surrounding it in only a few minutes. What's a battle without war wounds. Hannah glared up at Rickey, stomping her foot loudly which snapped me out of my little daze. \"I want Snuggle-Lump back!\" she demanded. \"That's it! Time to Die!\" Rickey growled, glaring at us. As I was pushing myself back into a standing position I shot Art and look. He nodded, raising Nana's controller. \"Richard, you remember Nana?\" Nana walked forwards. \"Game on!\" Lee said through her. \"Game over!\" Rickey grunted, cracking his knuckles. In the time it took me to blink, Nana and Rickey were locked in what looked like a mortal combat level from one of Art and Lee's video games. There were punches, kicks, flips and knockdowns and even Chinese getups. At one point I had to stop Hannah from trying to rush in and help Nana. It was when Rickey knocked Nana down did I spot the fat alien. \"He's on the light! Send Nana after him!\" I ordered. \"Lee flying's your speciality!\" Art yelled, chucking him the controller. With a back flip up the stairs, Nana dodged a charge from Rickey before sliding down the banister, leaping off and kicking the light as she flipped through the air. This managed to distract the alien long enough for Nana to unleash her full fury on Rickey, which I watched with much enjoyment. It was only when Bethany walked in through the front door did Nana manage to knock Rickey's mind control chip from the back of his neck, resulting in a girlish scream from Rickey. \"Rickey?\" Bethany shrieked. Rickey looked around. \"What the…?\" he noticed Nana standing beside him, a glare on her face. \"Nana?\" he asked, only to be replied with a flying kick to his nose that sent him flying backwards, straight through the basement door. Well that solves one problem. Bethany screamed as he crashed through the door, then screamed louder when the alien dangled down from the light. \"Yes! Scream human! For your species ends tonight!\" he cackled happily before running off to the basement. Bethany stared at him. \"What the heck was that thing?\" she cried. \"Space alien.\" I answered with no hesitation, ignoring the look she gave me. \"To much to explain.\" I finished. \"We think they're here to destroy the world as we know it.\" Art stated simply, adding a small shrug. \"Come on! If we don't get downstairs we and Lucy are goanna be in real trouble.\" I stated, about to head for the basement when my mom rounded the corner. \"I'd say that's the understatement of the century!\" she cried. I backed up, not needing this right now. Dad looked between us and Nana. \"Mom? Are you ok?\" he asked. I quickly looked at the twins and Art shut Nana off. She stumbled slightly, looking around. \"Wha?…How?…oh I need a glass of water.\" she mumbled walking off. Mom watched her walk off before turning on me. \"Ok someone needs to start talking. It looks like you had a battle royal in here!\" she demanded. I shared a look with Hannah and the twins. \"We did. Nana vs. Rickey.\" Hannah quipped from beside me. \"Not now Hannah.\" mom snapped. \"Dad it's not what it looks like.\" I tried, hoping he'd listen. No such luck. \"All of you, upstairs. Now!\" he ordered. \"But uncle Stu it wasn't our fault.\" Lee tried. He just glared at me. \"Now.\" just like that I felt all of my hope, strength and willpower leave me. Lucy was gone and no matter what I did I couldn't help her. With a heavy sigh I headed towards the stairs, feeling my shame double as I caught the disappointed looks the twins and Hannah sent me. All I knew was that I had failed Lucy. We all sat in the room with the busted door. Hannah was hugging her sock monkey tightly to her chest while the twins just stared at the ground. \"I'm sorry guys. It's over.\" I mumbled sadly. I wasn't concentrating on them though, all I could think about was Lucy. She was alone in the basement and was being threatened by the aliens. \"She must be so scared.\" I whispered quietly to myself. I felt a hand on mine and turned to see Hannah. I knew she meant well, but it wasn't the same as whenever Lucy would take it to calm me down. I heard footsteps as Bethany marched into the room. \"Over? It better not be over?\" she demanded before staring down at the door she had walked over. \"Rickey is still down there with that…space rodent!\" she yelled. \"You don't get it.\" I stated, glaring up at her. \"A whole fleet of those guys are about to invade.\" I didn't care though. \"Well man up and deal with it!\" she shouted and I broke, my grief finally getting the better of me. I stood up sharply facing her. \"I have been! All day! And all that I got out of it was having Lucy taken from me!\" I shouted at her. She looked a little surprised. \"Lucy's gone?\" she asked and I nodded, ducking my head down. I would not cry in front of these guys. \"Well if he's to scared maybe you guys can help me?\" she asked, taking her eyes off me. \"Not without Tom.\" Lee said simply. \"Why not?\" Bethany demanded and I looked at them too, wondering why. \"Because he's our leader.\" Art finished. \"Come on,\" Lee said, standing up. \"It's not just Rickey. Jake needs your help too.\" \"And Snuggles.\" Hannah offered. I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to look into Bethany's eyes. \"And Lucy.\" she said. \"And like everyone on earth. Including our parents.\" Art finished. I looked at all of them. They really had that much faith in me? I smiled, grabbing my potato gun. \"Alright lets go save the planet. And your dumb old boyfriend.\" I said looking at Bethany. She smirked back. \"And your dumb new girlfriend.\" I blushed as I led them downstairs. When we reached the busted basement door I reached in through the window, opening the door from the other side. It banged open and we filed in, me in front with my potato gun ready. As we headed down the steps everything seemed to be eerily quiet, everyone alert to everything. When we reached the bottom, I could see the floor had been completely dug up. \"There goes the deposit.\" I mumbled, earning a chuckle from Art. \"Lucy? Lucy?\" I called. No answer. Nothing at all. I could hear Bethany breathing heavily behind me. \"Do you want monkey? He's good luck.\" Hannah asked her. \"I'm fine.\" Bethany answered before a bang made her grab the monkey and hold it to her chest tightly. \"Stay close. They could be anywhere.\" I warned quietly as I walked on, grabbing a flashlight. When we reached the hole, Lee, Art and I walked to the edge, me shinning the flashlight into the hole. When everything seemed like it was just rock, something moved. Lee screamed and tried to back away, pushing Art into the hole in the process. He landed with a thud and a head shot up, his screaming muffled by the bandana around his mouth. \"It's Jake!\" he cried. We quickly helped him out of the hole, sitting him under one of the lights. As soon as we pulled off his gag he started to speak. \"Those Jerkonian's tied me up, dragged Snuggles and Lucy outside!\" he informed, shaking the rubble from his hair. \"This vacation really sucks.\" he grumbled as we untied him. \"What about Lucy? Is she ok?\" I asked. Jake looked at me apologetically. \"Sorry man, I didn't know she was down here until the fat one ordered them to take her outside. Something about a bargaining chip.\" he said. I sighed, slamming my fist down on a bench. \"Tom.\" I turned back to Jake. \"I saw her face. She's got three nasty scratches on her cheek.\" he added. I felt my fury boil over at the mention of Lucy being hurt. \"We'll get her back Tom.\" Bethany said soothingly, rubbing my back for comfort. I smiled sadly at her, glad for her comfort. \"Did you see the machine?\" I asked, trying to get some answers. \"Yeah, like you said. They stashed it here years ago. Some idiot built the house smack on top of it.\" he said, struggling out of his bonds. \"Guys! Guys I found Rickey!\" Bethany called from a corner. She helped him up as he started to come too, only to jump back when he freaked out and leapt up. \"I know it's been a really weird day but you have to let me explain.\" she asked quickly. Rickey halted by the stairs. \"Ok. Explain why I keep blacking out, I'm bleeding and why your grandma did a flying ninja kick on my face down the stairs.\" he demanded, his voice rising. Bethany nodded and I knew she was preparing herself for the worst. \"We're fighting…space aliens. They're small but dangerous and really scary.\" she reasoned. \"Oh yeah of course. I believe you why wouldn't I?\" Rickey said naturally and I knew he didn't believe us. \"Bethany why do you wanna waste our time playing hide and seek with your stupid brother, his ugly ass girlfriend and your dumb little cousins?\" he grumbled, pointing at us as we finished freeing Jake. I felt hands on my shoulders as I started forwards, Jake holding me back from kicking Rickey's ass. Bethany seemed to share my anger as she glared at Rickey. \"Don't talk about my family like that.\" she said in a too calm voice. Rickey scoffed. \"Well you don't have to worry about that, cause we're done. I should have stayed home and hooked up with Annie Filkins. She's smoking' hot and doesn't like talking about feelings all the time.\" what Rickey couldn't see was that Bethany was smirking at him. \"I'm going straight to Annie's.\" he finished before stumbling up the steps, holding his back in pain. I walked forwards, noting Bethany's expression. \"I'm really sorry.\" I offered. She smiled. \"Don't be. You were right all along.\" I smiled back, before it turned into a smirk. \"So Lucy's family now?\" I asked. She rolled her eyes. \"Yeah whatever. The little twerp grew on me.\" she chuckled. I smiled at my sister, glad that she had finally accepted my best friend. \"Well if it's any consolation, he won't be going straight to Annie's.\" I said as I pulled out the spark plug Lucy had seen him drop. Bethany laughed. \"Nice.\" \"Don't thank me, thank Lucy.\" I said, clutching it tightly. Bethany's eyes softened. \"I will, when we find her.\" she said and I smiled appreciatively back. \"Guys enough of the sibling bounding we're at death con one here.\" Jake said, breaking into our brother sister moment and pointing out the window. We could see lights flashing all around outside. How are the grown ups not noticing this? We could see Sparks as he reluctantly built the machine up, the ugly alien pushing him when he kept stopping. The machine was huge. It had long crescent shaped spikes that rose up and bent over the top. Each were glowing, looking like big luminescent teeth. \"Oh my god! They're forcing him to build it.\" Art said. I could see a shape lying a little way away. It was curled into a ball and was shaking violently. \"There's Lucy!\" I shouted, pointing to her. \"Is she alright?\" Jake asked. \"She looks like she's having a seizer.\" he sounded panicked. \"Don't worry, it's nothing serious. She just has loneliness issues and shuts down when she's left alone for to long. I can snap her out of it.\" I said, Bethany nodding to confirm. \"What is that? How do you take over the world with that?\" Bethany asked. \"I really don't wanna find out.\" I grumbled, looking around for anything that could help. \"We gotta stop them before their fleet arrives.\" I said. \"Fleet?\" Jake asked, looking a little worried. \"This is just the advanced team.\" I clarified, sending his scared look into full blown terrified. \"We have to rescue Snuggle-Lump.\" Hannah said. \"Snuggle-what?\" Bethany asked. \"Lump, the four armed fella. He's on our side. The other three, not so much.\" Lee clarified. \"This is so not happening.\" Bethany grumbled. I nodded at her before looking back outside. Lucy was still shaking, the glow from the machine lighting up her face. I could see the three wide scratch marks on her cheek and the grim that coated her skin and hair. But most of all I could see the fear in her wide blue eyes. \"We gotta get out there. Now!\" I demanded, heading for the door. I felt Jake grab my arm. \"Wait!\" he said and I turned on him. \"There's no time!\" I said struggling. \"Just wait a second. Did Nana give anyone mentos?\" we all stared at him. \"Come on cough em' up!\" he demanded and we all fished into our pockets, pulling out the minty sweets. \"What we're goanna throw candy at them?\" Bethany asked. Jake grinned. \"No, just my own little science experiment.\" we all watched as he disappeared upstairs, coming back two minutes later with some tape and five bottles of cola. He then set to work, emptying some of the cola out and sticking some mentos on tape to the lid before closing them again. \"Mentos bomb. You're a genius!\" I exclaimed as he set the last one down. He grinned before picking one up. I followed suit, picking up one while Art, Lee and Bethany picked up the last three. We all headed to the garden entrance to the basement, each carrying some form of weapon. I held up my fingers, counting down from five. Together we all threw our bottles then leaped out from our spot, charging at the aliens. We watched as the bottles slammed into the aliens, soaking them with cola and blinding them. I watched one bottle hit the ugly alien right in the head. Jake ran to him but I headed straight for Lucy, throwing my self down beside her to roll her onto her back. \"Lucy! Lucy it's me Tom!\" I called as she just stared at me. I had to snap her out of her fright induced trance. \"Come on Lucy, you know me. Tom, you're best friend for five years who would never let anything bad happen to you if he could help it!\" I cried. She blinked before her face relaxed. \"Tom? What the hell happened to your eye?\" she screeched as she sat bolt upright. I laughed as I took her face gently in my hands. \"My face? What about you? Are you alright?\" I asked. She smiled and laughed too. \"Yeah just a scratch. Or three.\" she corrected. I don't think I've ever loved her more then in this moment, even if she is covered in mud, bruises and scratches. \"Tom! He's out cold!\" Jake shouted, examining the ugly alien. I looked around. Everyone was fighting. Bethany was locking the girl alien in a garbage bin, yelling about how you should never mess with a girl that just got dumped. Hannah was holding Sparks closely to her, his four arms encircling her completely. I looked around and noticed the fat alien standing up. He started coming towards us, his eyes flashing with fury. I grabbed my potato gun, shielding Lucy with my body as she clutched at my shirt. \"Get off my planet you little green son of a-\" I was cut off as I pressed the trigger, the sound of the potato knocking the alien onto his own machine covering my voice. We all watched as the lights flashed brighter, multiple rays surrounding the alien and lifting him up before he was thrown of into the trees. It took us a second to realise that he was gone and we all started cheering. \"Weakness! We found the weakness! It's there own death ray!\" Lee shouted as he ran towards the others, Art and Jake shouting similar things as they followed. I smiled as I held Lucy to me, her head tucked under my chin and her arms locked securely around my shoulders while mine were wrapped tightly around her waist. While the others were talking, I looked down at her. \"Lucy, I have to tell you now that I lov-\" I was cut off by Hannah who was yelling at us to listen to Sparks, who was yelling frantically at us. \"So not sweet! So not sweet! Machine molecule expand! Make commander! Make commander big!\" he shouted as he pointed at the trees. We looked up in time to see the fat alien emerge from behind the trees, knocking them over and laughing down at us. \"Who's little now? Earth maggots!\" he laughed. \"You're goanna need a bigger potato.\" Jake murmured to me. So not the time for jokes. \"Pretty cool huh? It's over! I win!\" he said before turning and walking off. \"Where's he going?\" Art asked. \"Anywhere he wants.\" Bethany breathed from over my shoulder. All at once everyone started to panic, talking about what we're goanna do. I walked forwards, feeling like my world had come crashing down. This was my fault. If I hadn't of shot the potato then he would never have got in the machine. I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned to see Lucy staring at me with determined eyes. \"This isn't over.\" she said. I gave her an 'are you kidding me?' look. \"And how do you suppose we stop that?\" I asked, pointing at the 50ft alien. She smirked, bending down to pick up the ugly ones gun. \"I heard them talking. This works on them too.\" she grinned. My eyes widened. \"Lucy you're a genius!\" I seemed to be saying that a lot today. I quickly turned to the others. \"Everyone listen, we don't have much time.\" they all looked at me expectantly. \"Sparks, can anything go in that machine?\" \"Theoretically.\" he stammered. I smiled. \"Good. Art, Lee I'm goanna need a controller. Bethany your on alien lockdown.\" all three nodded at me. \"Jake come one! This battles not over yet.\" I said, grabbing the gun from Lucy and throwing it in the machine. \"What about me?\" Lucy asked. I shook my head. \"No. You've been through enough today.\" I said. She raised her eyebrow at me. \"That's code for I'm following you then.\" she smirked. I knew she wouldn't just sit by. I smiled. \"Yeah pretty much.\" we were broken from our thoughts by the machine spitting out the gun. We ran after it, me reaching it and picking it up first. \"Cool! You super sized it!\" Jake said, carrying my potato gun. I grinned as we ran after the alien, stopping by some telephone poles. \"You need a clean shot at his neck.\" I nodded looking up at the telephone poles. I felt my stomach twist uneasily, knowing it was the only way. \"I'm going up.\" I said. Lucy grabbed my arm. \"There's no way you can climb that thing.\" she said. I smiled weakly. \"Come on. Have a little faith.\" I said before I started to climb. I was about halfway up when I felt a foot on my ankle. I looked down to see Lucy climbing up after me. \"Come on! Hurry up!\" she shouted. I grinned. She was the best, best friend ever! The ground shook as we climbed, so violently that Lucy nearly lost her grip on the pole. She grabbed my foot to steady herself. I felt my head go light as I wobbled uneasily before I carried on. Lights lit up the sky, halting our climb as we stared. \"Oh my god they're beacons!\" Jake shouted. \"He's calling the invasion.\" I climbed faster, fuelled by our lack of time. Now the grown ups had to notice that. I was met by a firework bursting in the sky. Idiots! \"I got it! Tom! Tom I found it!\" Lee shouted as ii reached the top, helping Lucy to come a sit beside me. I turned to the alien, aiming the gun. He was facing me. \"Get him to turn around!\" I shouted down to Jake. He nodded before running at the alien, firing at him with the potato gun. The alien turned to him as the potatoes hit him on the back of the head. He tried vainly to step on Jake, who just jumped out the way easily. \"Tom take the shot!\" he shouted. I tried but every time it looked like I could get him, he moved and his collar covered his neck. \"His collar's still in the way!\" I shouted down at him. He suddenly looked alarmed. \"Tom! Tom the ugly one got big! Hurry!\" both me and Lucy turned to see the ugly one coming towards us. Lucy gripped my arm tightly as it glared at us. I felt myself sweating and my vision swam. I couldn't concentrate, I was to high up. I turned to Lucy, feeling panicked as I tried to hand her the gun. \"Lucy you do it. I can't it's to high I-\" I was cut off by her hand hitting my cheek. \"Yes you can Tom! I believe in you!\" she yelled before pressing her lips to mine. I had never felt such a feeling in all my life. If we were under different circumstances I would wrap my arms around her and never let her go. She pulled away and smiled. I responded with a goofy expression before turning to the alien, narrowing my eyes as I stared at the aliens collar. \"50 yards. Angle over arch equals velocity squared times distance. 45 degrees.\" I concluded tilting the gun up and firing the shot. \"What was that?\" Jake shouted. The plug fired through the air before arching down and hitting the fat alien right on target, sending him down to the ground. \"You messed with the wrong mathlete.\" I smirked. \"Yes!\" Lucy cried, hugging me tightly. Even now I blushed. But that quickly went away when I realised that the ugly alien was still coming at us. I dropped the gun and pressed Lucy against the pole, wrapping my arms around her and closing my eyes against her hair. Just when I thought the alien was goanna grab me, I heard a resounding thump followed by a surprised yelp. I opened my eyes to see the fat alien fighting with the ugly one, who looked a little confused. \"Commander?\" he asked as Art continued to make him fight. Me and Lucy quickly climbed down, me not even registering the height as I shimmied down behind Lucy. \"Sparks! Reverse the machine!\" I shouted at him. He nodded before heading towards it, Hannah following. Me and Lucy ran at Art and Lee, who looked to be having trouble as the fat alien failed to respond to the controller. \"Nothings working!\" Lee shouted as he randomly flicked the toggles. \"Give it to me.\" Lucy shouted, taking it from his hands before lifting her knee. The fat alien promptly lifted his knee, smacking the ugly alien right between the legs. He flinched as he clutched himself. I stared at Lucy, who just looked proud of herself. \"Oh crude…\" Art started. \"…but affective.\" Lee finished. Note to self, when you ask Lucy out, watch out for her right knee. \"That was awesome!\" Jake cried as he caught up to us. Lucy grinned at him before her eyes drifted over to Bethany, who was walking towards us. I followed and saw what she spotted. The girl alien was up and running at her, ready to strike. In a second Lucy was off, running at Bethany. \"Lucy stop!\" I shouted, running after her while the others watched the alien. But I was to slow. Everything seemed to slow down as Lucy pushed Bethany out the way, taking the female aliens hit right in her stomach before she threw herself and the alien to the ground. The alien seemed surprised, lashing out at Lucy with a harsh kick to her temple that knocked her out cold. \"Lucy!\" I shouted, throwing myself down beside her and cradling her in my arms. The girl alien seemed surprised, halting her attack and just staring at us. \"You care more for her life then your own.\" she said quietly. I glared at her. She looked back over at the ugly alien with a longing expression. \"Tommy he's done!\" Hannah shouted over to me. I took the controller from Lucy's lifeless hand and flicked the toggle, making the fat alien tackle the ugly one back into the machine, causing part of it to shrivel and break as it shrunk them. They both lay there lifelessly as the machine started to click, spark and whirr. The female alien ran towards the machine, slinging the ugly aliens arm over her shoulder and leading him away. The machine started to flash and glow brighter, shrinking in on itself as a ball of the glowing stuff started to form. I pulled Lucy closer to me, shielding her body with mine as the machine exploded, completely destroying itself. I felt a burning sensation on my shoulder, me and Lucy being quite close to the machine. I shut my eyes against the pain, Lucy being more important to me. When the light cleared, everyone ran into a group, staring up at the sky. \"What about the others?\" I heard Bethany yell. I looked up at the sky to see more ships, little pods coming out of them. I gripped Lucy tighter, determined to keep her safe. I didn't know if she was alright but I wasn't about to let anyone touch her. I couldn't hear what was going on with the others, but I could see Sparks talking into his watch. Suddenly the ships started to retreat. I sighed in relief but my attention quickly went back to Lucy, who still wasn't moving. \"Lucy?\" I said quietly. She didn't move. The hit to her temple had caused some bleeding, the blood washing over her cheek. I wiped at it gently. \"Please Lucy. Please wake up.\" I chocked gently. Carefully I leaned down, pressing my lips to hers. I know it sounds stupid and cliché but it was all I could think of. I pulled back but she was still, not even batting an eyelash. \"Tom?\" I heard someone say. I turned to see Hannah behind me, clutching Bethany's hand. \"Is Lucy ok?\" I stared at her, tears in my eyes. Bethany came and sat beside me, clutching my hand tightly. \"You did everything you could.\" she said soothingly. I shook my head, burying it in her shoulder as I cried. \"I love her.\" I sobbed. Bethany stroked my hair. I suddenly felt Hannah shake my shoulder. \"Tommy! Tommy I think she's waking up!\" I instantly looked down to see Lucy's eyes fluttering. They opened slowly. \"Hey.\" she breathed. \"Hey.\" I chocked out in relief. Her eyebrows scrunched together when she saw to see everyone looking down at her. \"What did I miss?\" she asked in a softer voice. I laughed, holding her closer. \"Nothing much.\" I chuckled as I leaned down, pressing my lips to hers. Her hand sifted into my hair, pulling me closer to her. I smiled into the kiss. One chapter left. Review![Chapter 11] Here is the last chapter of Summer Of Love! Enjoy! Lucy's POV I snuggled up against Tom, the night air slightly chilly as we sat on the front step to the house. I knew he was smiling as he fiddled with one of the fishing lines. We had all said goodbye to Sparks, who was nice enough to call off the invasion, before he returned to Zirkon and to his family. Hannah had been upset, but was quick to wish him well when she saw he had a family of his own, always knowing the right thing to do. Since then we had just sat here, having fun with just each others company. We talked, joked and kissed. It was so surreal, kissing my best friend and yet I was doing it so easily. Tom grinned, holding up the fishing line. It was functioning perfectly, clicking along without breaking. I smiled lovingly at him. \"Told you, you were smart.\" he chuckled, wrapping an arm around my shoulders. \"Yeah, but we both already knew that anyway.\" he said smugly. \"Nice to see my boyfriends ego is normal sized.\" I laughed. \"Boyfriend? So it's official?\" he asked. I froze, never really realising that we hadn't actually confirmed anything. After he had kissed me we just slowly ended up here. I looked up at him. \"Do you want it to be?\" I asked fearfully. If he said no I think I just might die. He all out grinned, his usual million watt smile. \"Of course. I love you, Lucy, and I have for two years.\" he said with complete sincerity. My eyes watered. \"Love?\" I asked. He nodded, taking my hands and facing me. \"Of course.\" I grinned, leaning forwards and kissing him. \"I love you to.\" I murmured against his lips. I was responded by more force against my lips, Tom smiling against my lips as he gently deepened the kiss. Just as I was reaching my hands up towards his hair, I heard footsteps approaching us. \"Whoa you guys. I didn't know you were going out.\" we separated to see Mr. P approaching us, a humorous smile on his face. Tom grinned up at his dad, the first time that he genially meant it, as he wrapped his arm back around my shoulders. \"Yeah dad.\" Mr. P smiled down at us as he came and sat beside his son. \"Listen, about your grades…\" he started but stopped when I stood up, knowing this was something Tom and his dad should do alone. Tom looked up at me but I just leaned down and kissed his cheek. \"I'll see you back in our room. Night Mr. P and thanks for bringing me.\" I said. \"Goodnight Lucy, and always a pleasure.\" he said. Just as I was shutting the door I heard Mr. P talking. \"Wait, you two are sharing a room?\" he asked, only to be met with Tom's \"Daaaaadddd!\" I giggled as I turned and headed for the stairs. I passed Bethany's room to see her light on. I peeked inside to see her chatting on her phone, laughing at some joke with someone who I guessed was called Brian, considering she said his name. If it was the Brian that I sometimes saw tutoring her in math, then I hoped he was asking her on a date. He was a really cool guy that I had spoken to a couple times, much better for her then Rickey. She spotted me and smiled. I raised my eyebrows at her phone and she blushed. Suspicion confirmed! I chuckled as I walked the rest of the way to me and Tom's room. I opened the door and smiled. The moon was full, lighting the room with a faint blue glow. I walked in, changed into a pair of pyjama shorts and a vest and collapsed onto my bed, crawling under the covers and cuddling up with Wrinkles. About ten minutes later the door opened and Tom walked in. I heard him sigh as he stared at me, a loving smile on his face. \"That's my bed.\" he chuckled, coming to stand before me. \"No it's not.\" I said, confused. He smiled again. \"Well naturally any bed with you in it I would want to occupy.\" he said. I blushed heavily as he stripped down to his under shirt and boxers before he climbed in. I scotched over, happy to make room for him. As soon as he was in he pulled me over to him, wrapping his arms around my shoulders and waist. We were quiet for a few minutes, just looking at the moon outside and its reflected partner in the lake. \"It's kind of like us.\" I murmured quietly. I could feel Tom's eyes on me. \"What?\" he laughed. I giggled as I looked up at him. \"Whenever the moon rises, its partner of the lake will always be there with her. Whenever I wake, you are the first I want to see, like the moon waits to spot her reflection in the lake.\" Tom was staring at me. \"That was beautiful.\" he murmured quietly. I smiled up at him, leaning up slightly to kiss him on the lips gently. He responded, gripping me tightly. When we separated I had another thought. \"It's funny isn't it?\" I said randomly. He tilted his head to the side. \"How we only just said we loved each other, and yet we used to share a bed most nights like this anyway.\" I clarified. He grinned before rolling on top of me. \"Yeah, but now I get to do this.\" he said before crushing his lips to mine. I smiled, opening my mouth when his tongue asked for entry. I moaned contentedly as he explored my mouth with his tongue, marking everything as his. I knew Tom would never go to far with me, I trusted him. Eventually our exhaustion from the days events caught up with us and Tom pulled away, rolling off me but still keeping me close. \"Goodnight Lucy. I love you.\" he said before I watched his eyes slide shut. I smiled, feeling my heart swell with love for my best friend. \"I love you to, Tom.\" I whispered. I laughed as I sat in the fishing boat with Tom and his family. It was and we were doing just what Mr. P had planned. And it actually wasn't that bad. Tom grinned at me as he reeled in a pretty impressive catch. I, however, was more focused on the fact that Tom was wearing nothing but his swim trunks and an open black shirt, giving me a good view of his chest and abs. he smirked down at me when he caught me staring. \"Like what you see?\" he smirked. I blushed heavily. Suddenly his look changed. \"Wait. When I told you I worked out, and asked if you liked it, you said you would give me an answer. So?\" he asked, raising his eyebrows. I smirked back at him. \"Well…\" I said, my smirk threatening to give way to my laughter. His eyes narrowed playfully and in a second I was scooped up in his arms. I could see his eyes roaming my body, which was clad only in an orange, brown, green and white bikini. \"You know what I think?\" he started. I shook my head. \"I think it's time for your first swimming lesson.\" my playful smile dropped and I stared at the water. \"I don't know Tom. Shouldn't we start somewhere shallower?\" he smiled endearingly at me. \"Come on Lucy. Don't you trust me?\" he said. I didn't even have to think. \"Yes.\" \"Then dive in.\" he finished. I looked back at the water. It was flat and calm, almost inviting. I looked back at him and nodded. He gripped me tightly and stepped up towards the edge of the boat. \"One…\" he started. It all suddenly came crashing down on me. \"Wait! I've changed my mind.\" I said. \"Oh no. no going back now.\" he chuckled. \"Two…Three!\" he shouted, leaping from the boat. I shrieked as we landed in the water, but Tom didn't let go of my waist. When we resurfaced, he turned me to face him. \"Now all you have to do is move your arms in long strokes and kick your feet out.\" he instructed. I nodded and did as he said. I was so wrapped up in what I was doing that I hadn't even realised that Tom had let go. \"Tom! Tom I'm doing it!\" I shouted excitedly, only to see him a few feet from the shore. \"Great! Now come over here and tell me that!\" he shouted. With a few easy strokes I was in the shallows, running at my boyfriend. He smiled as I jumped at him, catching me as we both fell onto the sand. We laughed as he rolled us onto our backs, cuddling me up against his chest. He had lost his shirt in the water so I was pressed up against his chest. \"That was awesome.\" I laughed. Tom grinned at me. \"And we have the whole summer to do this.\" he said, grinning at me as he leaned down to kiss me. Hmm… the whole summer…I let my thoughts wonder as Tom continued to kiss me on the shore. Summer Of Love was my first Fan Fic that I actually tried really hard on! I hope you enjoyed it and I'm glad I attracted the attention of such great Reviewers! ","Summary":" Hey this is my first movie Fic and i hope you all like it. Disclaimer: I do not own Aliens In The A"},{"Movie":"Aliens in the Attic","Title":"Aliens Invasion","Author":"hodhod2011danger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5832345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alien Invasion Summary: Jamie is Tom Pearson's best friend. Her parents had to go on a business trip, so she was forced to stay at Tom's house for the whole summer. She goes on the family trip with him and his whole family. Follow her as she forms friends and enemies, finding love, and wait…fighting aliens?? MAN, What a summer… A/N: there wasn't enough Aliens in The Attic stories in here, so I decided to make my own. It a Jake/OC story and going to follow the movie plot, so there is going to be some spoilers but not much. Although, there is going to be a little changes here and there… I think. P.S I owe nothing except for Jamie! Hope you like it! Click…Click…Click… \"Tom, dude,\" I whispered, \"If your parents ever hear about this you're screwed\" He hushed me and kept on typing. I threw my hands up rolling my eyes at him. I stood behind him, watching him as he turned his grades into an A. My eyes went to the window thinking that it was opening, slowly, by itself. \"Tom,\" I said my voice full of fear, \"please, tell me your window didn't just open by itself\" He gave me a weird look, before going back to his computer. I ignored him and kept my eyes glued to the window when, suddenly, it flew opened all the way up. Out of nowhere a blonde head popped in scaring me half to death. \"One word, and you're both dead,\" Bethany, Tom's older sister and my worst nightmare, said as she climbed all the way in. Tom jumped out of his computer chair, \"are you outta your mind?\" he exclaimed, \"if dad ever catches you, he is so gonna kill you\" She scoffed giving us a confident smile, \"Dad isn't gonna kill me,\" and with that, she turned to the open window, waiving to her boyfriend, Rickie, blowing him a kiss. He gave a last wave before driving away, with music blaring loudly. I stood next to her staring after him with a disgusted look on my face, \"what do you see in that guy?\" \"you mean other then the fact that he's hot, sweet, romantic, funny, and not to mention, ridiculously athletic?\" she gave me a 'duh' look before closing the window and sitting on Tom's bed. \"One word, Beth, ew \" I let out a disgusted shiver before walking over to set on Tom's computer chair. \"please,\" she rolled her eyes looking at her nails in a bored fashion, \"says the girl whose got the hots for my brother\" My mouth dropped open as did Tom's. We looked at each disgusted. \"You think that I like Tom?\" I asked her slowly, \"your brother? Tom?\" \"Well, I'm not the only one who sees it,\" \"Ok, Bethany, first and foremost, Tom and I are just friends\" I said, \"nothing more nothing less. Nada\" \"And second, it would be wrong dating her\" Tom added. I gave him a look \"Excuse me?\" \"I-I mean, it'll be weird and gross,\" \" Excuse me ?\" I glared. \"No-no, I didn't mean it like that\" he shook his head, \"I meant dating you well be like dating Bethany, you k…\" Bethany rolled her eyes at her little brother, \"oh just shut it already\" Suddenly, Tom's door burst open revealing his seven year old youngest sister, Hannah. \"Dad's coming\" she exclaimed, clutching her teddy-bear, \"and he's mad \" We all exchanged worried glances with each other, \"at who?\" I asked her. Hannah pointed her tiny little finger at Tom the same moment their dad shouted his name from down stairs. I jumped out of the chair in fright. Beth grabbed mine and Hannah's hands, dragging us behind the door seconds before his dad burst in, looking beyond furious. \"What?\" asked Tom giving his dad an innocent look, but it soon vanished off of his face after realizing that his dad wasn't buying it. \"If you are smart enough to hack into the school computers, then you are smart enough to pass math,\" Mr. Pearson started, \"do you think that Bethany got accepted into Michigan by screwing around all the time?\" \"No,\" replied Tom with an eye roll, \"she got in 'cause she is perfect \" \"No, you're sister worked her tail off and that is exactly what I expect from you\" his dad said, \"Jamie got higher grades than you, Tom, and that's saying something\" I had a 'no-you-didn't' look on my face. The only reason I got good grades was because of Tom's brain and his notes, but other than that, I'd have failed terribly. Before I could do anything, Beth put her hand on my mouth preventing me from saying anything and blowing up our cover. Speaking of which, I still don't get the reason for me hiding if Beth was the one sneaking around. I licked her hand thinking that she would be disgusted and release me, but the girl was determined. She gave me a disgusted look, not moving her hand from my mouth, before pinching me on the arm, hard. I let out a quiet, but a pained, groan. \"You know what, dad, your right\" Tom said, trying to distract his him, \"I don't deserve a family vacation. I'll just stay here with Jamie and learn my lesson\" \" Oh no , kiddo,\" Mr. Pearson said shaking his head, \"you're coming with us tomorrow, and you're waking up tomorrow at 7 AM sharp \" on his way out, he stopped to look at the three of us girl hiding behind the door. Busted , I thought. He pointed a finger at me, \"you're coming with us too,\" and with that he left the room. Bethany pushed me away from her roughly, rubbing her hand on Tom's shirt, \"argh, I'm gonna have to wash my hand million times now, thanks to your monster girlfriend\" she gave me a last glare before exiting the room followed by Hannah. Tom and I shouted at her retreating back, \"I'm not a monster/ she's not my girlfriend\" but she ignored us. Tom fell backwards on his bed, \"it's going to be one heck of a summer\" I fell next to him, \"Tell me about it\" Ok, here is the first chapter. Tell me what you think. Please leave review if you could. Hope you like this chapter and I'll try to update the next chapter soon, hopefully. XOXO[Chapter 2] I finally got chapter 2! Hope you will like it! I'm sorry it's too short, I promise to make the next one longer! Car Rides and Meteor Shower \"Ok,\" I muttered to Tom, \"this is totally uncomfterble\" \"Tell me about it,\" replied Tom in a tortured voice, \"you're lucky you don't have someone the size of an elephant sitting on you\" I glared at him, punching him in the shoulder, \"I'm not fat\" \"OW!\" he cried rubbing his sore shoulder, \"hey Hannah, you know I love you right? How about you switch with fat Jamie her?\" he said which earned him another punch from me. Hannah looked at him giving him a look, \"I throw up in the middle, remember?\" Tom groaned slamming his head on the back of the seat, \"my legs are falling asleep,\" he whimpered. I rolled my eyes at him, \"look at the bright side, you're giving them a break from carrying all that weight\" He sent me a death glare, \"I'll have you know all that weight is muscle\" I scoffed, \"keep telling yourself that\" I turned to his parents in the front, \"thank you for including me in your family vacation Mr. and Mrs. Pearson\" Tom's mom twisted around a little in her seat to look at me, \"sweetie, it's no big deal,\" she said with a kind, motherly smile. \"Yeah, don't sweat it,\" Tom's dad said, glancing at me briefly from the reviewer mirror, \"you're part of this family now\" I smiled at them with pink cheeks, feeling touched, \"Thank you\" \"Oh, please,\" snapped Bethany, taking a break from texting her boyfriend, \"she's not part of this family. Far from it\" Tom glared at her, \"would you ever shut up and stop acting like a b…\" \"TOM!\" his mom snapped, \"watch your language\" \"Face it, Tom,\" smirked Bethany sending me a glare, \"she isn't and never will be part of our family\" \"Bethany,\" her mother warned, \"you better stop this now\" \"We're sorry, Jamie,\" Mr. Pearson told me, \"don't mind her\" \"No, no, it's fine,\" I said softly giving them a smile, \"she's right\" \"James, she's...\" Tom started but I cut him off. \"Really, Tom,\" I insisted, \"it's alright,\" He nodded still looking unsure. He glared at his sister's smug face, wrapping his arms tightly around my waist, pulling me closer to him. Our awkward silence was broken by the news reporter's voice coming from the radio, \"…. Final report. In other news, it looks like there's going to be an unexpected meteor shower tonight which add….\" Mrs. Pearson's voice cut in, \"a little exciting isn't it?\" she said turning to us in the back, with a huge smile on her face. Her husband nodded his head, \"better wear our protective hats tonight,\" he joked, \"we don't want our heads to catch on fire, eh?\" both of them laughed. I shared a look with Tom, before we let out laud groans. It's going to be one heck of a summer, I thought. OK!! Here is chapter 2 everyone!! I would like to thank aznSnifflez and . for reviewing the previous chapter! I would also like to thank those who added me and subscribed me in author and story alerts! Thanks again to everyone! I hope you all like this chapter (sorry it's short)!!! I promise to get the next chapter really soon! Xoxo![Chapter 3] Hey! I'm sorry to all of my Alien Invasion fans! I haven't updated in a VERY-VEEERY long time! I know most of you are mad and stuff, but I have exams and other school things! BUUUUT! I promise to update a new chapter by the end of this week! Thanks to whoever awesome person who added me and my story as alert and/or favorite. I would also thank those who took their time to leave such amazing reviews…..you guys are AWESOME! Sorry again everyone, Hodhod2011danger3 xoxo[Chapter 4] Chapter 3: Pinkville \"Okay, we're here,\" announced Mr. Pearson as he parked the car in front of a huge house. \"Whoa!\" I breathed looking in awe at the big old house, \"it's beautiful!\" \"Thank you,\" Mrs. Pearson said giving her husband an 'I told you so' look. \"Well, I'm gonna hit the pool,\" Bethany announced brightly as she grabbed her stuff out of the car's trunk. On her way, she 'accidently' hit me hard on the shoulder with one of her bags, before skipping away saying a sarcastic 'sorry!' I gritted my teeth in annoyance as I glared at her back as she walked away. \"Jamie, I hope you don't mind sharing a room with Hannah,\" Mr. Pearson said as he helped me pull my bags out if the trunk. I gave him a smile, \"its ok. Look at the bright side, at least its better than sharing a room with Bethany,\" on the last part, I gave out a little shiver. \"she's right, honey,\" Mrs. Pearson said, \"god knows that they'd start a World War III if they stayed more than two minutes in a room with each other\" I laughed as I grabbed my stuff and stood by Tom who was absorbing the house with a 'kill me now' look. \"I'm so not enjoying this,\" he groaned to himself. \"Oh, cheer up, Tommy-boy. It ain't so bad,\" I said clapping him on his back. He shrugged, \"say whatever you want, I still don't like it.\" \"Always so pessimist,\" I rolled my eyes at him, \"whatever! So wanna be a good friend and help me carry my things upstairs?\" He looked down at the bags by my feet before scoffing, \"hell no!\" I gave him a poppy face, \"please, with cherry on top?\" \"Aw,\" he cooed patting my head, \"too bad, it's still a no!\" \"Jerk!\" I punched his shoulder before walking into the house. The room that I'm supposed to be sharing with Hannah was pink! And I mean literally very PINK! Everything was pink! The walls, the bed, and even the closet in there was pink! It's kinda freaky if you ask me. They were toys all over the floor. Little small butterflies were covering all over the walls. I was in the middle of packing my things when I heard loud music and a car engine getting closer and closer to the house. I looked out of the window to find that to my horror, a black van was speeding to the house before stopping too close to comfort in front of little Hannah who was playing on the grass in front of the house. A chubby man came out, followed by an old lady. Soon they were followed by a sit of twins, who played the whole time on their video game not knowing, or caring they had stopped at, and a blonde guy who seemed to be too full of energy. Since I couldn't see their faces clearly from where I'm standing. I just shrugged and went back to packing my things. Ok! Here's the new chapter I promised everyone! I'm sorry that it took a while to update! And that it is too short! It just that because of the too much homework I had and the researches for school, I kinda lost the typed chapters for this story! But on the bright side, as soon as I find them, I'm gonna update them all! Promise you all that the next one will be longer! Hope you all liked this chapter and again, sorry it was short! XoXo[Chapter 5] Meetings and slingshot balls \"Done and done,\" I muttered as I finished cleaning mine and Hannah's room. It looks pretty neat right now. After I had been done packing my stuff and Hannah's, I decided to clean up the toys that were scattered all over the floor. I stood there looking proudly at my hard work when I, suddenly, saw curtains held randomly against the wall. Out of curiosity, I moved them a side to find behind that them there were two glass doors leading out to a balcony. \"Awesome!\" I exclaimed as I flung the glass doors open and ran to check it out. What I saw, took my breath away. The view was amazing! I could see the pool where Bethany tanning on a chair. I could also see the picnic table and beyond it was a large garden covered with all kinds and colors of flowers. I jumped up and down in excitement, \"oh, Tommy-boy must see this!\" I sprinted down the hall to the room that I knew that Tom will be staying in, shouting his name the whole time. Upon reaching his room, I came to a sudden stop. My eyes were opened wide in shock and my mouth was formed into an 'O' shape. In front of me stood the blonde guy that I saw earlier coming out of the black van. He looks about my age, give or take a few months. He also was way taller and cuter from up close. Heat rushed to my cheeks as I smiled and waved sheepishly at him, \"...hi!\" The boy was looking at me with the same shocked look that I had had earlier. Suddenly, he snapped out of whatever trace he was on and shook his head giving me a very pleading and serious look, \" please tell me that you're not my cousin, 'cause I feel really attracted to you right now!\" I avoided looking at him, shifting awkwardly, as I blushed more, \" I-I'm not! I'm a friend of Tom's\" \"oh, thank god!\" he let out a relieved sigh before giving me a smile, \"Jack Pearson at your service\" \"So you're Jake. Tom told me about you. I'm Jamie. It's nice meeting you,\" I smiled as I shook his hand. To my shock, he brought it up to his lips and put a ginger kiss to my knuckles. \"The pleasure is all mine,\" he replied with a wicked grim and a wink. I could have sworn that I had stopped breathing and that my heart was beating a hundred miles an hour. Out of nowhere, Tom's voice mumbling and rambling to himself could be heard. Jake and I, who were still holding hands until that moment, jumped apart, blushing madly. Tom stood by the door looking back and forth between me and Jake with a weird look on his face. It stayed that way for a couple more seconds before Tom said, \" awkward !\" shaking his head. We all stood in an awkward silence before Jake cleared his throat loudly, \"so...\" \"so...James\" Tom repeated crossing his arms against his chest, \"I see you've met my charming cousin\" I rolled my eyes at the sarcastic tone he has just used, \"common Tommy-boy, be nice.\" Before Tom could say anything, a loud squeal came from the open window. The three of us cringed as the sound almost made our ears bleed. The three of us rushed to the window to see what was going on. Jake and Tom followed me. There, by the pool, was Bethany being twirled around by her boyfriend, Ricky. \"is that Ricky?\" I exclaimed. \"the one and only,\" Tom replied bitterly, \"god, I hate that guy!\" \"What is he doing here? Why is he even he in the first place ?\" I muttered to myself franticly before suddenly letting out grow shocking Jake. I turned to Tome didn't seemed faced by it, \"he tricked your dad didn't he\" \"yep,\" said Tom equally as angry as I was, \"he did something to his car and pretended that his car was 'broken'. Dad bought it right away!\" I gritted my teeth in anger. \"What a buffoon!\" muttered Jake before we all let out disgusted sounds as Ricky and Bethany started making out. Quietly, I grabbed a sling-shot and one of those silly/spongy/jelly-like balls things from a night stand next to the bed. I shut one eye as I took aim before shooting the ball. A second later, I heard a satisfied shriek making the three of us burst into laughter. \"JAIMIE!\" Uh-oh! Hey! A NEW CHAPTER! So I couldn't find my old chapters! So I made new ones! YAAAY! I would to thank: vetintraining756, alextwilight101, DemiLenaJonas, Shadow Quil, DearPrudenceGirHasGoneMad22, Nikkoismylove, BlueChic, Clearer than Crystal, Howlingwolf26, Differentbutunique, MaxRideRox, writer24, thebesthiphopdancer13, Jamie Hale, xenocanaan, 1pok23, ihave an awsome username (lol! Yes you do!), StephieBear, aznSnifflez, ., and twinkletin24 for making a time for leaving a review! I love you all and hope you enjoy this chapter! P.S for those who asked, I might make a story based on Tom Pearson…. Not sure! But I'll thing about it! Also, I hadn't abanded any of my other stories, and I promie to update them soon. Although I might put the Harry Potter story on HIUTUS for now, or I might start on 4 th , or 3 rd year then come back to first year….i'll still think about it! Well, hope you enjoy this chapter! XOXO[Chapter 6] Creepy Crawlies \"ok. So,what's next?\" \"umm, you add cocoa,\" Hannah replied as she read the recipe from the cooking book. I searched the kitchen for cocoa but couldn't find any,\" well, ther isn't any cocoa in here, but I'm sure nutella chocolate works,\" I grabed it and spilled some in the bowl, giving the spoon to Hannah so she could lick away the left over chocolate. I proceded to mix the ingredients, \"So what's next?\" When I didn't receive any answer I turned around to see that the counter where Hannah was sitting on, was empty. I shrugged my shoulder as I finished up and put it in the oven with a proud smile on my face, but it soon vanishedas I stared at the mess around the kitchen,\" oh , god! Mrs. Pearsin is gonna kill me!\" I went to grab a broom, from the copboaerd under the stairs, to clean the kitchen's floor with, when I heard loud banging coming from up the stairs. Curiously, I threw everything away and went up the stairs to check it out. As I entered the attic, I found my self staring at a horrifing and an amusing sight. Tom and Jake were locked behind the window banging frantically, looking as if the devil is after them. Hannah was clutching her teddy bear in fear. The twins... well, they were arguing back and forth oblivious to everything around them. I slipped out of my daze as Tom shouted for someone to open the window. I pushed between the twins and opened the window. Tom and Jake crashed threw out of breath. \"Everybody, downstairs, NOW!\" shouted Tom as he jumped into action. I stared at him as if he were crazy, \"what? why?\" Jake pushed me infront of him forcing me to run, \"move! move ! MOVE!\" \"what has gotten into you two?\" I muttered to myself as I jogged down the stairs when, suddenly, the window's glass broke and four little green ... ALIENS ?.. came through! \"what the...\" I muttered in disbelief, but was cut off as Jake nudjed me to run. \"GO! GO ! GO!\" Tom shouted forcing us to run faster. As soon as I passed the last step, I grabbed Hannah's small hand in mine and dragged her with me to the corner of the room. The twins were working, fariously, trying to shut the stairs. By the time Jake and Tom, litely, crashed on the floor, the stairs were locked. Everything became quiet and the only thing that could be heard was our quickened breathing. Tom turned to Jake, breaking our silence, \"you a Zombie?\" Jake looke at him strangley, \"no!\" before pausing and stared at him suspeciously, \"you?\" Tom shook his head, \"no\" Jake stared at him incredulously, \"yeah? proove it!\" \"What do you mean prove it?\" Jake grabbed a hold of the collar of Tom's shirt slaming him on the floor, \"I mean PROOVE IT!\" \"Jake no! STOP IT!\" I cried grabbing Jake frocing him to let go of Tom. \"let go of me,\" he demanded. I grabbed his shouders forcing him to look me strait in the eye, \"he is not a Zombie!\" We had a small staring contest before he nodded his head. \"sorry!\" Before I could reply, the green aliens managed to open the stairs and start shooting at us. Jake and I jumped to action struggling to push and lock the stairs while Tom and the Twins pulled at the rope. \"Tie it up !\" Jake snapped getting frustrated as the strairs wouldn't shut. \"can't you see were trying in here!\" Tom snapped back and demanded us to push harder. \"sorry, suckers!\" Jake gritted his teeth as he gave one last big push locking the stairs, accedently cutting the nails off of one of the aliens. Jake and I slid down, sitting on the floor back to back trying to catch our breaths. I gave him a high-five before droping my head on his shoulder. Tom gave us a determined look, \"We gotta call 911!\" After we dashed down the stairs, we seperated, each going to their own respected room looking for a phone. I jumped on my bed where by bag was and fitched for my cell phone. I found it, but there was no segnal! I threw it angrily on my matress, searching around the room for anything useful. There, on the dresser by Hannah's bed, was an old looking phone. I put the reciever to my ear and found that it works! \"you guys! This one works!\" Look's like luck is on my side today ! I thought, jumpin exitedly from the inside. They rushed in, surrounding me. Lee rudely grabbed the reciever from my hand, receiving a hit on the back of the head from Jake. I flashed him a smile. Lee rubbed the back of his head as he struggled to dial the numbers, but it wasn't working. \"There is no buttens in here,\" he exclaimed histerically. \" what is this thing?\" his twin brother, Art, demanded. Tom grabbed the reciever from Lee, \"it's a Roodrary phone,\" he said looking amused, \"you spin it\" He put his pointer finger on the hole where the #9 was in, and span it. We all stared, open mouthed, as the phone took years to spin back to zero. \"oh, you have got to be kidding me,\" muttered Jake staring at the phone in disbelief. I HAVE FINALLY UPDATED! Tell me what do you think! I hope you all enjoyed my new chapter! I would like to thank those who took their time to read the previous chapter and left a review: Axela of Azarath, Alyss Madigan, iLuvTwiBoyz, madaline c, MaryWinchester, BlackWerewolfOfPurpleRoses, little firework, MidDusk, supernatural94, Eli-Is-My-Emolicious-Lover, MeLlYiSaWeSoMe, MeLlYiSaWeSoMe, vetintraining756, RawrItsSam, Nikkoismylove, StoryWriterOfTheYear2013, DemiLenaJonas, Dramione's Crystal Ball, BlueChic ! Thank you all for reviewing and if I had forgotten to write someone I'm sorry, just send me an email and i'll fix it! One more thing! If any of you like the hot new boy band Big Time Rush! could you please vote for the poll i made3333 I'm going to close it by Friday! THaNK YOU AGAIN ! BTW! If I get more revews by the end of the week... AKA - Friday night ! I promice I'll update the new chapter on saturday! and it MIGHT be longer! XOXO[Chapter 7] Heloooooo my lovely readerssss! I'm afraid that this is not an update! I'm really sorry for being such a lazy updater! But college has started a while back and I've been busy doing work and studying! But not to fear! I will NOT give up on this story! Hopefully I'll update a new chapter by next month on my break! Also, I'm thinking of writing a sequel after I'm done with this! It'll be a Tom/OC! But jake and Jaime will still be a big part in it! Again I'm very very terribly sorry, :/ Hodhod2011danger[Chapter 8] Alien Invasion A/N: I didn't like how the story was so rushed and a bit... chilidish, i guess? :/ so, I decided to rewrite the whole story. I added some things and might change other things, corrected some grammer mistakes and spillings! so I realy hope you all enjoy the revised version enjoy. P.S. Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and happy elated New Years :D ENJOYYYYYYY! An Aliens in The Attic's story Summary: Jamie is Tom Pearson's best friend. Her parents had to go on a business trip, so she was forced to stay at Tom's house for the whole summer. She goes on the family trip with him and his whole family. Follow her as she forms friends and enemies, finding love, and wait…fighting aliens? MAN, What a summer… Click…Click…Click… \"Tom, dude,\" I whispered, \"If your parents ever hear about this you're screwed\" He hushed me and kept on typing. I threw my hands up rolling my eyes at him. I stood behind him, watching him as he turned his grades into A's. \"You should've never failed those anyway!\" He turned to me with narrowed eyes, \"when're you gonna stop screaming my ear off about that?\" \"Gee, I don't know, Tommy. When you stop being so stupid!\" he rolled eyes, \"hey! Don't you roll those eyes on me young man!\" he scoffed turning back to the computer screen but too bad for him I was having none of that, \"Tom, you didn't have to fail all those classes to be cool\" I softened my tone as I span him back to face me, \"You're my bestist friend, you're always cool to me!\" \"Like you just said, Jay, we're best friends and, frankly, sometime I don't even know how we managed to even to that. You're so outgoing and social, I mean, you're a cheerleader ! And me…? I'm just the mathematic geek!\" \"Tom, common, don...\" \"Look can we just… drop it, please,\" I sighed sadly and nodded. He forced a smile my way, \"thank you!\" I nodded again and made my way back to the bed, leaving him alone for now, grabbing a random book before plopping on the bed. From the corner of my eye, I thought I saw the window opening, slowly, by itself, but it was frozen solid. I shook my head thinking I have gone nuts and went back to reading. Not even a minute later I felt it opening again and this time it was for real. I froze. \"Tom,\" I said my voice shaky, \"I think your window is opening by itself\" He gave me a weird look, before going back to his computer. \"Tommy,\" suddenly, it flew opened all the way up and out of nowhere a blonde head popped in scaring me half to death. \"One word, and you're both dead,\" Bethany, Tom's older sister and my worst nightmare, said as she climbed all the way in. \"Oh, my gosh!\" I breathed out, trying to quiet down my rapidly beating heart. Tom jumped out of his computer chair, \"are you outta your mind?\" he exclaimed, \"if dad ever catches you, he is so gonna kill you\" \"hopefully a slow and a painful one,\" I mumbled to myself. She scoffed giving us a confident smile, \"Dad isn't gonna kill me,\" and with that, she turned to the open window, waiving to her boyfriend, Rickie, blowing him a kiss. He gave a last wave before driving away, with music blaring loudly. I stood next to her staring after him with a disgusted look on my face, \"what do you ever see in that playboy wanna be?\" \"you mean other than the fact that he's hot, sweet, romantic, funny, and not to mention, ridiculously athletic?\" she gave me a 'duh' look before closing the window and sitting on Tom's bed. \"One word, Beth, ew \" I let out a disgusted shiver before walking over to set on Tom's computer chair. \"please,\" she rolled her eyes looking at her nails in a bored fashion, \"says the girl whose got the hots for my brother\" My mouth dropped open as did Tom's. We looked at each disgusted. \"You think that I like Tom?\" I asked her slowly, \"your brother? Tom?\" \"Well, I'm not the only one who sees it,\" \"Ok, Bethany, first and foremost, Tom and I are just friends\" I said, \"nothing more nothing less. Nada\" \"And second, I would never ever think of dating her \" Tom added. I gave him a look \"Excuse me?\" \"I-I mean, it'll be weird and gross,\" \" Excuse me ?\" I glared. \"No-no, I didn't mean it like that\" he shook his head, \"I meant dating you well be like dating Bethany, you k…\" \"oh, so in addition to being disgusting and gross, now you're comparing me to the Ice Princess that you call a sister?\" Tom opened and closed him mouth reminding me of a little fish under water. \"jay, no, I… you know….\" Bethany rolled her eyes at her little brother, \"oh just quit while you're ahead\" Suddenly, Tom's door burst open revealing his seven year old youngest sister, Hannah. \"Dad's coming\" she exclaimed, clutching her teddy-bear, \"and he's mad \" We all exchanged worried glances with each other, \"at who?\" I asked her. Hannah pointed her tiny little finger at Tom the same moment their dad shouted his name from down stairs. I jumped out of the chair in fright. Beth grabbed mine and Hannah's hands, dragging us behind the door seconds before his dad burst in, looking beyond furious. \"What?\" asked Tom giving his dad an innocent look, but it soon vanished off of his face after realizing that his dad wasn't buying it. \"If you are smart enough to hack into the school computers, then you are smart enough to pass math,\" Mr. Pearson started, \"do you think that Bethany got accepted into Michigan by screwing around all the time?\" \"No,\" replied Tom with an eye roll, \"she got in 'cause she is perfect \" \"No, you're sister worked her tail off and that is exactly what I expect from you\" his dad said, \"Jamie got higher grades than you, Tom, and that's saying something\" I had a 'no-you-didn't' look on my face, but thinking about it, I realized that he was right. The only reason I got good grades was because of Tom's brain and his notes, but other than that, I'd have failed terribly. I shifted a bit, accidently hitting me elbow on the door handle. I opened my mouth to let out a few choice words of pain, but Beth put her hand on my mouth preventing me from blowing up our cover. Speaking of which, I still don't get the reason for me hiding if Beth was the one sneaking around. I licked her hand thinking that she would be disgusted and release me, but the girl was determined. She gave me a disgusted look, not moving her hand from my mouth, before pinching me on the arm, hard. I let out a quiet, but a pained, groan. \"You know what, dad, your right\" Tom said, trying to distract his dad, \"I don't deserve a family vacation. I'll just stay here with Jamie and learn my lesson\" \" Oh no , kiddo,\" Mr. Pearson said shaking his head, \"you're coming with us tomorrow, and you're waking up tomorrow at 7 AM sharp \" on his way out, he stopped to look at the three of us girls hiding behind the door. Busted , I thought. He pointed a finger at me, \"you're coming with us too, little missy\" and with that he left the room. Bethany pushed me away from her roughly, rubbing her hand on Tom's shirt, \"argh, I'm gonna have to wash my hand million times now, thanks to your monstrous girlfriend\" she gave me a last glare before exiting the room followed by Hannah. Tom and I shouted at her retreating back, \"I'm not a monster/ she's not my girlfriend\" but she ignored us. Tom fell backwards on his bed, \"it's going to be one heck of a summer\" I fell next to him, \"got that right, bub\"[Chapter 9] R.I.P Cory Monteith! our hearts and prayers go to your families 3 Chapter 2- Let the vacation, begin! \"Okay,\" I muttered to Tom, \"this is totally uncomfortable!\" \"yeah, well I don't see an elephant sitting on your lap!\" Tom grumbles from under me. I rolled my eyes, \"why would I have an elephan…\" I paused letting his words sink in before glaring at him, punching him in the shoulder, \"I'm not fat\" \"OW!\" he cried rubbing his sore shoulder, \"hey Hannah, you know I love you, right? How about you switch with fat Jamie here?\" he said which earned him another punch from me. Hannah looked at him giving him a look, \"I throw up in the middle, remember?\" Tom groaned slamming his head on the back of the seat, \"my legs are falling asleep,\" he whimpered. I rolled my eyes at him, \"look at the bright side, you're giving them a break from carrying all that extra weight\" He sent me a death glare, \"I'll have you know all that weight is muscle\" I scoffed, \"keep telling yourself that, chubby\" He shifted a little before groaning, \"I feel bad for your cheer squad who keep throwing you around and holding you up!\" I frowned, \"and what's that suppose to mean?\" \"Jamie, I love you, but you're not exactly lightweight!\" \"I am a lightweight thank you very much!\" Before Tom could reply Mrs. Pearson spoke up, \"Kids that is enough!\" We fell silent. The only sounds were coming from the music blasting from Hannah's headphones and Beth's occasional giggles. The awkwardness was broken by Pr. Pearson as he turned on the radio to hear the news, \"In other news, it looks like there's going to be an unexpected meteor shower tonight which add….\" Mrs. Pearson's voice cut in, \"a little exciting isn't it?\" she said turning to us in the back, with a huge smile on her face. Her husband nodded his head, \"better wear our protective hats tonight,\" he joked, \"we don't want our heads to catch on fire, eh?\" both of them laughed. Tom and I shared a blank look. Mr. Pearson glanced at me from the review mirror, \"excited to meet the rest of the family, Jamie?\" I smiled excitedly, \"very much! Especially Nanny! I heard a lot of great things about her!\" Mrs. Pearson smiled at me, \"oh, Stu's mom is the greatest, she'll love you!\" Beth let out a scoff. Mrs. Pearson shot her a look, \"can it, Bethany!\" Beth shrugged, \"what? Am I the only one who's wondering why is she joining our family vacation! Quotation on family!\" \"Bethany that is enough!\" Mr. Pearson stepped in, \"you know Jamie grew up with Tom since kindergarten!\" \"Yeah, she's family!\" I smiled at Mrs. Pearson. \"Oh, please,\" snapped Bethany, \"she's not part of this family. Never will be!\" Tom glared at her, \"when are you gonna grow up and stop acting like a b…\" \"TOM!\" his mom snapped, \"watch your language.\" Beth laughed mockingly at him. \"Bethany,\" her mother warned, \"you better stop this now\" \"We're sorry, Jamie,\" Mr. Pearson told me, \"don't mind her\" \"No, no, it's fine,\" I said softly giving them a smile, \"she's right\" \"James, she's...\" Tom started but I cut him off. \"Really, Tom,\" I insisted, \"it's alright,\" He nodded still looking unsure. He glared at his sister's smug face, wrapping his arms tightly around my waist, pulling me closer to him. \"Okay, we're here,\" announced Mr. Pearson as he parked the car in front of a huge house. I couldn't help but be grateful to finally get out of the car. I couldn't take anymore of the tension! \"Whoa!\" I breathed looking in awe at the big old house, \"it's beautiful!\" \"Thank you,\" Mrs. Pearson said giving her husband an 'I told you so' look. \"Well, I'm gonna hit the pool,\" Bethany announced brightly as she grabbed her stuff out of the car's trunk. On her way, she 'accidently' hit me hard on the shoulder with one of her bags, before skipping away saying a sarcastic 'sorry!' I gritted my teeth in annoyance as I glared at her back as she walked away. \"Jamie, I hope you don't mind sharing a room with Hannah,\" Mr. Pearson said as he helped me pull my bags out if the trunk. I gave him a smile, \"it's okay. As long as it's not Bethany,\" on the last part, I gave out a little shiver. \"she's right, honey,\" Mrs. Pearson said, \"god knows that they'd start a World War III if they stayed more than two minutes in a room with each other\" I laughed as I grabbed my stuff and stood by Tom who was absorbing the house with a 'kill me now' look. \"I'm so not enjoying this,\" he groaned to himself. \"Oh, cheer up, Tommy-boy. It ain't so bad,\" I said clapping him on his back. He shrugged, \"say whatever you want, I still don't like it.\" \"Always so pessimist,\" I rolled my eyes at him, \"whatever! So wanna be a good friend and help me carry my things upstairs?\" He looked down at the bags by my feet before scoffing, \"hell no!\" I gave him a poppy face, \"please, with cherry on top?\" \"Aw,\" he cooed patting my head, \"too bad, it's still a no!\" \"Jerk!\" I punched his shoulder before walking into the house. \"So much for those muscles!\" Now that I'm on a Ramadan break from college, I finally started rewriting the previous chapters and started writing new ones! Hopefully by the end of this week all the previous chapters will be rewritten and posted! Thanks to all my reviewers and other readers! And Ramadan Mubarak to all muslims![Chapter 10] since today is my birthday I decided to give you guys to chapters! 1 edited and the other brand new never seen before! hope you all like them! Happy Ramadan! Chapter 3: Rotary Phone? I had just put my bags on my bed when I heard a car speeding towards the house. I moved the curtains aside to stare outside just in time to see a black minivan coming to a halt a couple of inches away from where Hannah was playing. I swear I almost had a mini heart attack. I rushed down the stairs to check on her. I dropped on my knees to be on an eye level with Hannah. \"Hey, you al right, honey? Are you hurt?\" I asked my hands running over her body to check for any injures. She giggled. \"Silly, Jamie! I'm okay!\" I sighed in relief, pushing her hair back and cupping her face. \"a close call though,\" Mrs. Pearson muttered, shooting a death glare to a chubby man talking with Mr. Pearson, before making her way to the house with her bags in hand. \"Long time no see, Bethany\" I felt a tap on my shoulder. I stood up to be faced with a tall blonde haired boy with full lips and bright blue eyes. \"Either you had a lot of plastic surgeries or you're not Beth!\" I flashed a smile, \"nah, not Bethany, thank god for that!\" I raised my right hand to shake his, \"I'm Jamie, a friend of Tom's\" His smile grew, \"nice to meet you, I'm Jake\" \"Yo. Jake, where do you want us to take these\" a set of twins came up each holding a bag. \"Twins come and meet Jamie,\" Jake said, more like commanded. \"Hey, what' up?\" they greeted. I waved at hem in greeting. \"You want helping with your bags?\" Jake asked me. The Twins exchanged puzzled looks. I smiled, \"just one, I can get it myself though, but thanks anyway!\" he waved his hand dismissively. \"None sense,\" he started making his way to Mr. Person's car and opened the trunk. I jogged after him. \"So which one, is it?\" I pointed to the purple one. \"Since when do you carry bags?\" one twin said. \"You don't even carry yours!\" the other said. Jake gave them a look that screamed 'shut up or else!' as he pulled my bag out, \"lead the way, Jamie\" I went inside with Jake and the twins followed us. I lead them up the stairs and into mine and Hannah's room. Jake put the bag with the rest of mine on my bed as he stared around the room. \"It's quiet…er... pinkish!\" I giggled at this, staring around. The room was in fact, pink. The walls, the curtains, the bed sheets, all colored in powder pink. But the dresser and the door for the walk in closet were white. \"Yeah, it is a bit too much isn't it?!\" He chuckled, \"just a little!\" I smiled. \"So, thanks for helping me with my bag,\" \"No, beggy! See you around,\" he flashed me a smile before walking out. \"See ya!\" An hour later, I hear a frantic banging and muffled shouts coming from up where the attic is suppose to be. I made my way up there only to be met by an amusing sight. Jake and Tom were banging on the window probably locked outside while the twins were arguing about who should open the window. Hannah was just standing there, clutching onto her stuffed animal while staring horrifically at the window… no at the grass hopped on the window frame. I shook my head as I made my way to the window, blew on the green bug to make it hop away and unlocked the window. Jake and Tom came crashing in both out of breath. \"Everybody, downstairs, NOW!\" shouted Tom jumping into action. I sent him a confused look, \"what going on?\" \"No time to explain,\" Jake pushed me in front of him forcing me to run, \"move! Move ! MOVE!\" \"What has gotten into you two?\" I muttered to myself as I jogged down the stairs when, suddenly, the window's glass broke and four little green ... ALIENS ? Came crashing through! \"What the...\" I muttered in disbelief, but was cut off as Jake nudged me to run. \"GO! GO ! GO!\" Tom shouted forcing us to run faster. As soon as I passed the last step, I grabbed Hannah's small hand in mine and dragged her with me to the corner of the room. The twins were working, furiously, trying to shut the stairs. By the time Jake and Tom, literarily, crashed onto the floor, the stairs were locked. Everything became quiet and the only thing that could be heard was our quickened breathing. Tom turned to Jake, breaking our silence, \"you a Zombie?\" Jake looked at him strangely, \"no!\" before pausing and stared at him suspiciously, \"you?\" Tom shook his head, \"no\" Jake stared at him incredulously, \"yeah? Prove it!\" \"What do you mean prove it?\" Jake grabbed a hold of the collar of Tom's shirt slamming him on his back to the floor, \"I mean PROOVE IT!\" \"Jake no! STOP IT!\" I cried grabbing Jake forcing him to let go of Tom. \"Let go of me,\" he demanded. I grabbed his shoulders forcing him to look me strait in the eye, \"he is not a Zombie! Jake none of us are!\" We had a small staring contest before he nodded his head. \"Sorry!\" Before I could reply, the green aliens managed to open the stairs and start shooting at us. Jake and I jumped to action struggling to push up while Tom and the Twins pulled at the rope, trying in vain to lock it. \"Tie it up !\" Jake snapped getting frustrated as the stairs wouldn't shut. \"Can't you see were trying in here!\" Tom snapped back and demanded us to push harder. \"Sorry, suckers!\" Jake gritted his teeth as he gave one last big push locking the stairs, accidently cutting the nails off of one of the aliens. Jake and I slid down, sitting on the floor back to back trying to catch our breaths. I gave him a high-five before dropping my head back onto his shoulder. Tom gave us a determined look, \"We gotta call 911!\" After we dashed down the stairs, we separated, each going to their own respected room looking for a phone. I jumped onto my bed where by bag was and fetched for my cell phone. I found it, but there was no signal! I threw it angrily on my mattress, searching around the room for anything useful. There, on the dresser by Hannah's bed, was an old looking phone. I put the receiver to my ear and found that it works! \"You guys! This one works!\" Looks like luck is on my side today ! I thought, jumping excitedly from the inside. They rushed in, surrounding me. Lee rudely snatched the receiver from my hand, receiving a hit on the back of the head from Jake. I flashed him a smile. Lee rubbed the back of his head as he struggled to dial the numbers, but it wasn't working. \"There is no buttons in here,\" he exclaimed hysterically. \" What is this thing?\" his twin brother, Art, demanded. Tom grabbed the receiver from Lee, \"it's a Rotary Phone,\" he said looking amused, \"you spin it\" He put his pointer finger on the hole where the #9 was in, and span it. We all stared, open mouthed, as the phone took years to spin back to zero. \"Oh, you have got to be kidding me,\" muttered Jake staring at the phone in disbelief.[Chapter 11] Chapter 4: Adiós Amigos! \"Hello, Sheriff's speaking!\" I heard threw the speaker since I had my head squished against Tom's to hear the Sheriff's side of the conversation. \"There's an alien invasion in our rental house,\" Tom told him, \"knee high beings…\" \"Very violent!\" I cut in. \"Very Violent knee high beings!\" he added. \"Knee high? W-what? like- like a hobbit?\" the Sheriff replied, confused. \"No, real aliens…\" Tom said back, as I cut in again, \"Like Yoda from Star Wars!\" Jake gave me an admired look, turning to the twins mouthing with a grin, 'she knows star Wars!' \"Look, I know this sounds crazy, but you've gotta believe us!\" Tom pleaded. \"Okay, listen, you do know that making a frog lent complaint is a federal offence. It's punishable-'' The rest of the Sheriff's sentence was cut off, but not by me this time. Tom kept shouting in vein, \"Hello? Hello?!\" \"Those Alien scums cut the phone lines!\" I cried in disbelief, \"fantastic! Now, what?!\" Tom slammed the phone down on the dresser, \"we gotta tell our parents!\" \"Can't wait to hear what they say!\" I mumbled following them out of the room, but a thudding noise stopped me in my tracks. \"Yo, guys, stop!\" Jake cried for them as he halted mid-run. He furred his eye brows in question, I pointed to my ear in answer, indicating that I had heard something. Thud . \"Uh-oh!\" Lee breathed in fear. We exchanged worried looks before turning towards the window where the noise was coming from. Thud . Jake slowly inched towards the window with me close behind and the rest behind me. Jake picked a pink princess wand with a shiny silver star at the tip, as a weapon. With his hand on the window, Jake turned to me. I held tighter to the Barbie and nodded my head in determination. He nodded back and a second later the window was flung open! Hannah let out a small startled squeak. The noise has been coming from an upside down Ricky, who was hanging in the air, swaying back and forth, by a cord line tied to his ankle. His eyes were slightly glazed over and a happy, freaky, smile was blasted on his otherwise blank face. ''Think he's still an alien zombie?'' Tom asked. I shared a look with Jake, \"only one way to find out!\" Jake, ever the brave one, stepped up and slightly poked Ricky in the chest. Ricky jolted making us all jump a little. \"You are useless,\" he cried. I tighteld my head to the side, \"guess he's not a Zombie then,\" but the next words out of Ricky's mouth told me otherwise, \"Why aren't the mind control plugs working? You're the engineer, figure it out. Hurry up, hurry up. Fix it!\" \"… or maybe he is,\" Tom glanced at the ceiling in wonder, \"'I think, he's picking up their conversation, like a Bluetooth!\" I let out an impressed chuckle, \"Awesome!\" Ricky, or should I say the aliens on the roof, kept ranting angrily, \"are you telling me that the plugs, only work on mature subjects? Why did we not plan for this? You have failed me! You incompetent peace of…\" suddenly Rick's face relaxed back into a smiley one and said in a monotonous, relaxed, voice, \"translation not available!\" before switching back to the slightly angry tone, \"These humans will pay!\" before suddenly his body started twitching violently. The cord he was tied to couldn't take any more abuse so it snapped in a half, making Ricky drop the rest of the way down. He hit the grassy ground with a nasty thud making the rest of us flinch painfully. \"Did you hear that?\" Tom asked. I scoffed, \"I'm shocked none of the grown-ups heard it!\" \"Yeah, sounded like Ricky landed on his face\" one of the twins said with a chuckle. \"No, I meant those things they shot at us. They're mind control plugs. They won't work on kids,\" Tom said as he paced around a bit. He glanced at Jake, \"It's like you said, we're wired differently\" \"So, what're you're basically saying is that we're pretty much immune,\" I put in. \"Exactly,\" he agreed. \"Awesome!\" I gave a double high-five to the twins. \"Wait, wait. They managed to get Ricky yet he's Bethany's age,\" Jake pointed out. One of the Twins nodded eagerly in agreement. \"Yeah, how come Ricky was affected?\" I gave a confused shrug, \"maybe we're not all immune?\" \"He lied,\" Tom said with a shake of his head and a slightly angered face, \"the Tool's in collage!\" \"What a douche bag!\" I said threw gritted teeth. \"You know, now that we know we're immune to their mind control,\" Jake started a grin blossoming on his face, \"we can fight them back!\" \"Give me Liberty or give me death!\" I cried, getting an approving look from Jake and fist bumps from the twins. \"… but they could still get the parents,\" Tom pointed out. I felt like a bucket of ice cold water was dropped on me. \"They're walking targets!\" \"Oh, boy! We've gotta tell 'em, now!\" One of the twins started rushing out, but Tom dragged him back by the scruff of his shirt. \"Whoa! Let's just stop and think for one second. If our parents even go near those things, they'll be zapped and end up zombies,\" Tom reasoned,\"Our own parents will attack us,\" \"And we won't be able to fight them back!\" I voiced what everyone was thinking. I mean, who in their right mind would be able to fight their own mom and/or dad in a physical fight. \"We need the police and their hardcore fire power,\" Jake said. \"Then the aliens will get them and turn them into armed Zombies!\" Tom argued back. Jake huffed angrily, running his hand through his golden curls as he tried to think of a resolution. \"That's it, we're done,\" one of the twins said. \"Game over,\" the other added, \"Finito! Adiós! Finished!\" the first twin would have kept going if I hadn't interrupted him, \"We can't just give up!\" I argued. Jake put a comforting hand on my shoulder. \"We are not giving up!\" he said in a stubborn determination, \"The Parents situation's tight and we may be helpless in helping them, but I promise you we're gonna fight those green slugs back!\" he gave me an encouraging smile which I gladly returned back. \"How are we even gonna stop an Alien invasion by ourselves?\" one of the twins questioned in disbelief. \"By sticking together and kicking their green, alien, butts!\" I hopped from foot to another like a boxer pretending to punch an opponent. My foot slipped on the discarded Barbie that I had been holding minutes ago. I would have fallen if it weren't for Jake catching me. I flushed as I thanked him quietly. He smirked, \"how about you leave the green, alien, butt kicking to me\" I shook my head stubbornly, \"no way am I letting you have all the fun,\" \"We'll fight them back, but only on a few conditions\" Tom insisted, Jake let out an annoyed groan. Tom pointed at him, \"No Police,\" he turned to the twins, \"no parents!\" I opened my mouth, but Tom pointed at me before I could say anything, \"no exception. Got it?\" The last was directed at Hannah who was silent throughout the whole ordeal. Only, the place where Hannah was standing in not a minute ago was empty. \"Uh-oh!\" I sang as we heard the echoed sound of small feat thundering down the stair. \" HANNAH !\"[Chapter 12] Hello my Lovely Readers! I'm baaack! Unfortunately this is NOT! an update :( sorry! i'm mostly writing this note to mention that I've got a Facebook account to anyone who wanted to have a chat about my story or want any ideas to their own stories or ... just for the hell of hanging out! FACEBOOK: Hodhod Danger YouTube: Heboosh2011 please if you get the time add me and comment on my videos! ","Summary":" Alien Invasion Summary: Jamie is Tom Pearson's best friend. Her parents had to go on a business tri"}]