[{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Lawrence of Arabica","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12726223","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: As always, click on the book cover art for the fake movie poster. Who knew that Lawrence was in Arabia for another reason? Lawrence of Arabica \"Lawrence, sir\" the officer stated as he entered the room through the previously closed door. \"Send him in\" General Murray ordered. Mr. Dryden of the British Arab Bureau said nothing as he stood nearby. Lieutenant Thomas Edward Lawrence entered the office and stood before the general who was sitting at his desk. The general made known his overall displeasure of Lawrence, and the job he had been doing in Cairo specifically. At Dryden's urging he assigned Lawrence to the man for three months and bid him to leave the office as quickly as possible. Lawrence accompanied Dryden outside of the general's office into the main room. \"Care for a cup?\" Dryden asked, waving toward a servant with a tea service tray. \"No thank you,\" Lawrence said flatly \"I can't abide the stuff.\" Most of the various clerks and staff froze at this comment, tantamount to insulting England itself. \"You've being given a special assignment in the Arabian Peninsula, Lieutenant. It's for those types of comments that General Murray thinks it's a mistake to send you; I think differently. You speak your mind, and you're not cut from the same cloth as the rest of the officers here; I think you're just the man for the job. Not only will your education not get in the way, it may benefit you as well.\" \"I would think you need someone to blend in, be unseen and all that.\" \"Impossible to not be seen. You'll be a white man in an Arab world, even when you are in Aqaba; you'll stand out like a sore thumb regardless of your demeanor and it's said the Arabs admire boldness. And that's one thing you've got Lawrence, boldness. Keep that in mind because you'll need every advantage you can get. Now for the details\" Dryden said loudly to get the attention of the rest of the room \"I'll need to give you some top secret intelligence about the enemy. Come with me out on the balcony.\" Both men stepped through the doorway and Dryden closed the door behind him. \"I take it this is when you tell me my real mission, not the one discussed for everyone else to hear\" Lawrence said with a wry smile. Dryden looked over the young lieutenant. What this man lacked in experience, he seemed to make up with intelligence and moxie. \"You seem to have a good understanding of how these things work. Right. It's true that we'd like to use the local tribes down there to help undermine the Turks, but we have a more important reason. What do you know about coffee?\" \"It's a damn sight better than tea for a drink.\" \"I don't agree with you, but an important part of the world does. Coffee is growing into a big business, and England needs a piece of it. We have India for tea, but a good coffee growing region eludes us. There is an area on the southern Arabian peninsula in the hill country that grows Arabica coffee; it's the only place that's native to the plant besides Ethiopia. We have some interests in Africa, but we think the area too unstable to be dependable at this time. But this is our chance to get a foothold on another location.\" \"Why not just deal directly with the Turks?\" Dryden sighed. \"The Ottoman Empire is a thing of the past; the world is changing and we need to get our proverbial foot in the door when it does. Along those lines, your official mission is to help a local by the name of Prince Faisal cause trouble with the Turks to convince them to abandon the area. But we want you to also look around and ask a some questions about coffee. We need to get in with those that will be in charge after this bloody war so that we can negotiate some business with them.\" \"And do I have any specific orders as to how I should do this?\" \"You'll be contacted by our Colonel Brighton who will have more knowledge of the area once you get there. I have to warn you, it will be dangerous. The land is unforgiving and the people nearly so. If they think you are being underhanded or a traitor they will deal with you in ways that are most unpleasant. And you'll have to walk a fine line between tribes that have hated each other for generations. I don't relish sending you, but the matter is urgent and the request comes from the highest sources.\" \"In other words, I'm expendable\" Lawrence said with a slight grin. \"We're all expendable, to some degree or other. The general seems to think you are completely so. That's worked to our advantage so far; I managed to get you enough time to work at both your official mission and the coffee recon.\" \"As much as a fool's errand this might be, I am a soldier and will do as I am asked\" Lawrence said with a decided lack of enthusiasm. \"But it's got do be better than dying a slow death doing a clerk's work here in Cairo.\" \"Good man. Let's go back in and we'll get you on your way. It'll be the adventure of a lifetime.\" The End A/N: I was minding my own business, when I saw a commercial online for coffee that mentioned Arabica beans. I thought to myself how Arabica was just one letter off from Arabia, and then the title fell into place. From there I just had to make the poster, and then a story to fit. At least the story isn't a three hour endurance feat. ","Summary":" A/N: As always, click on the book cover art for the fake movie poster. Who knew that Lawrence was i"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"The Prince of Our Disorder","Author":"Florence of Arabia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5322568","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Prince of Our Disorder He couldn't take much more of this. It wasn't the pain that bothered him, it was the noises in the room. The relentless drip, drip, drip of rain from the roof to the ground. The ticking of the cheap clock that he knew was three minutes slow. Then there were the blows themselves. Why couldn't John (not John that was too familiar) be bothered to keep a steady pace? The inconstant \"whack!\" of the birch rod was out of step with the clock and for some reason that drove him mad. He tried to concentrate on the blows themselves and not the way they were administered. He thought to himself of all the frustration, depression and anger he had to hide on a daily basis. Those feelings were so heavy in his chest he found it simple to think of them as tangible things with a physical presence. He imagined transferring all those weighty qualities to his back where the force of his emotions would meet the physical force of the implement. Whack! That was better. He felt better. He also noticed that he was beginning to bleed less. The first time he had bled so badly he had ruined the shirts he had worn immediately after. He was proud of the fact that his back seemed to be getting tougher. Of course he was, that was the point wasn't it? Wasn't it? Drip, drip, drip Damn the rain. He hated it he could feel it when it rained, even if he spent the whole time indoors he could feel the moisture slowly seeping into his very being. That and the ever oppressive and endless expanses of grey that made up English skies. He missed warmer colors, and warmer climates. Even though the same sun warmed this part of the world as it did the shifting sands he had known all to briefly, he felt instinctively that they must be different. How could the same celestial body that's movements spelled out men's deaths in the desert fail to even warm the inhabitants of this sedate little island? That was not a good train of thought to go follow up, he took a cautionary look at his hands and the lower part of his arms. Like his face the sun had damaged them permanently. The skin he had so foolishly left unprotected would serve him as a reminder of the truth. He belonged here, not in the vast expanses that he both longed for and wanted never to see again. Tick, whack!, tick, tick, whack! Why couldn't Bruce at least keep time with the blasted clock! That was it he couldn't think properly and he was too distracted to be getting his money's worth. He was also feeling less of the enjoyment he usually experienced. But wasn't that good? This was a penance after all. \"For what?\" asked the voice in his head that sounded an awful lot like Robert Guy. He wasn't sure why it did, it's just that for all that precious creature's good qualities Robert had never understood any of his need for self flagellation. \"My darling\" he thought to himself \"you always thought I was a saint incapable of any wrong, you were, and probably still are too trusting for your own good\" But this was another train of thought that he couldn't allow to leave the station. Nothing Bruce could do to him in any of these birchings was as painful as thinking about Robert too much. Tick, tick, tick, whack! That was it he really wasn't getting his money's worth. The noises were going to drive him mad. He had a letter to write anyway. He pondered responding to that R. A. F. officer's wife. Poor woman, but she was asking for something that he wanted to keep to himself. Was he a beast? For not writing or for being incapable of reciprocating her feelings? Any real man would be flattered. He wouldn't write, it made him feel guilty but even writing to her felt dishonest, and…unnatural. That thought almost made him laugh, the irony of his choice of the word \"unnatural\" was just too ghastly. He didn't laugh, instead he cleared his throat and asked, \"Bruce?\" \"Yeah Shaw?\" replied the other \"Could we have a break? I'd like to write a letter\" \"I thought you'd never ask! My arms bloody tired. But that's probably nothing to how bad you're feeling?\" Bruce looked expectantly to see the logical conclusion Shaw must have reached. This was that when John Bruce decided to hit you as hard as he could it hurts like hell. He was disappointed (as he was every Sunday) that it didn't seem to faze Shaw at all. But this was a really awful thought. He merely shrugged and replied \"It does sting a bit\" This came to John like a slap in the face. But he should have realized by now how this small, delicate schoolboy of a man, with his sad eyes and rather effeminate way of speaking was capable of enduring things that would make the toughest, most muscle-bound career solider weep and beg for mercy. John did not consider himself to be a sadistic person. When he was first approached with this he was appalled at the idea. He was horrified that he might do him real harm, maybe even kill him. But as the time had gone by Bruce had been amazed by the amount of suffering he was capable of tolerating. It had started to bother him. As there were two explanations. First John was too weak to inflict any degree of pain , or two the man actually enjoyed or at least didn't mind these weekly ordeals. Surely there was something abnormal about number two. That couldn't be natural? Could it? Shaw sat down and started the letter. He became uncomfortably aware of Bruce staring at him. He simply stared back as if to demand of Bruce why he was looking at him but then realized that he was a touch distracted by the fact that Bruce had seen fit to remove his shirt. He quickly moved his eyes from the well sculpted chest and arms. Honestly why did he insist on doing this half naked? The word naked was not one he should have allowed to enter his mind. Why hadn't he seen fit to find a less distracting person to do this? \"Can I ask you something Shaw? \"Ask away\" answered Shaw as if bracing himself for another blow \"Why are you paying me to do this? I mean I've done my job and taken your money and kept quiet…\" \"I hope you have\" Shaw looked so stern and who could blame him? Honestly how would he explain something like this if it came out? \"I haven't told a soul, and I've never asked you anything before\" \"Why don't we keep it that way?\" Bruce watched feeling a little ill as this man picked up a handkerchief and wiped at the rivers of blood running down his back as if trying to clean up some dirt. Not that any dirt would dare settle on T.E. Shaw, disorganized as hell but always clean. \" I just feel that I have the right to know\" He knew that this question would have to come up eventually. And he sort of did have a right to know. Oh well best try to answer it. \"Should I mention Deraa?\" Shaw posed the question. \"No absolutely not\" came the sensible reply. \"I don't really know myself\" he said lamely and after too much deliberation \"I've got another question\" \"That's interesting I've got a pen in my hand\" Robert had hated that so much, his insistence on nit picking over the connotation as oppose to simply accepting the denotation. But Bruce looked a little too puzzled to bicker about questions of primary school English class. But he recovered enough to ask his question \"Are you quiet human?\" \"Of course what else would I be?\" There was a time when that question would have merited some serious thought but now he had learned his place. \"I mean\" and John couldn't control the frustration in his voice \"that you willingly submit yourself to agony that I would have judged unbearable. You pay me to do what all human beings in their right minds would pray never to have happen to them. And you do all this without knowing why!\" \"Fine I'll try to explain it to you. During the war I…\" he then heard that practical voice in his head \"No don't tell him about that!\". Fine he wouldn't he would only regret it, but he had to try and maybe Bruce this man specifically selected for his ability to be hard and in a sense cruel might understand? \"I was beaten and r… I was by … a gang of Turkish soldiers while attempting to have a look around a city we, my generals that is, were planning on trying to attack. I was beaten very badly. I had a price on my head you see… I was lucky they left me alive. I was ashamed of how I cried and begged for mercy. I was also disgusted by… by…by the fact that I would have betrayed my friends if they had asked me where they were. I felt that I had failed to properly train myself…\" \"How could you train yourself for something like that?\" Interrupted John \"Ever since I was a boy pain has been an int…no I won't lie, an obsession. I thought if I kept causing myself hurt then I could learn to tolerate it better when the time came, when someone else hurt me. When I had to suffer in a way I couldn't control. It didn't work as I told you so I realized that I would have to take more drastic measures in order to make myself no longer an involved party in my pain, but merely a spectator.\" Shaw watched him listening and realized that he didn't understand either. Would S. A. have been able to comprehend? He immediately wanted to seize the rod from Bruce and hit himself with it for allowing the memory of that person to cross his mind. \"Why did they do that?\" \"Who? Oh the Turks…well they thought that I was a deserter, some people find that fun to take out their frustrations on others \" Bruce felt not a little apprehensive. Was he becoming that kind of person? \"And do some people find it fun to be on the receiving end of that?\" \"Yes… I mean I wouldn't know. I am trying to develop my character and tolerance for pain. I'm not looking for pleasure. But in the Arab culture it is common as a way to…keep ones desires in check. A more clean and wholesome thing to do than…\" he shuddered. Bruce was getting the sense that he was in over his head. But he decided to go ahead and ask the question he knew he shouldn't \"Um..isn't it well better to um…try and move on? I mean what happened to you was horrible but I don't think its weakness to be beaten. I don't think of you at all differently hearing that. Being affected by torture is only normal…\" \"Well normal was never what I aimed for was it! I used to do rather well because I wasn't average, now I'm just a freak, like I've always been\" Bruce was surprised at the venom and the enjoyment with which he spat the word freak \"You're not a freak\" Bruce tried to say but it didn't come out right because that was the word he had been trying very hard not to use to describe Shaw. So he tried again to… to do what? Reason with the man he supposed \" I know that you feel like you need to…oh I don't know… you feel that you failed and now you are worse than you were, or some such. But did it really make you that different a person? \" No he was not going to tell the truth, not at all. He didn't want to go through his experience in Deraa again and he knew if he even gave Bruce a hint that would be the consequence. But wasn't that what this whole thing was about? Bringing things to the surface instead of repressing them? John could not sense any reaction from Shaw. Though he did fancy that the other man had whispered something under his breath. Shaw had, he had let slip in an almost inaudible tone; \"Unclean…unclean\" He had hated what they had done to him at Deraa, of course he had. That was why he paid a man to come every week to help him relive it. He noticed that Bruce was getting restless. He was satisfied to have written a perfectly satisfactory letter and promptly folded his letter and put it in an envelope. At this Bruce laughed. He hadn't meant to, there was just something so ridiculous about the calm almost cheerful way that the other man had done something as mundane as fold a letter and put it in an envelope. It was an action that every human does on a regular basis. But this person was doing such a common place thing with a crimson spider web of gore dripping delicate threads all over the snowy flesh of his back. The juxtaposition was so macabre and comical in such a sick and pleasant way. \"Would you stop looking at me like I was some slimy thing that you found on the underside of a rock?\" Bruce did stop. The rain had not abated. Shaw finished the letter and cheerfully asked Bruce to continue. Drip, drip, drip He tried to block out the sounds and found that that curious (almost certainly sexual ) warmth was beginning to wash over him as Bruce began again with renewed vigor. He really missed the warmth the most. Even when it was oppressive the heat had felt so good. It was almost impossible to get warm in England. Still he had known for a long time he was not going back to the sand. \"Only two kinds of creatures have fun in the desert\" someone once told him \"gods and Bedouins and you're neither\" he was neither and should have seen that before. But if he was simply neither, or as he had said later \"I'm none of those things Ali\" the inevitable question \"Then what are you?\" \"Don't know\" would always, he supposed, be the reply \"Shaw?\" Bruce tugged him back to England and the present \"Mmm?\" \"I was looking over an old newspaper and I found a picture of…well do you know T. E. Lawrence?\" His reaction to hearing that name had always amazed him \"Who?\" How nonchalant that sounded \"You know! Well you must know everyone does! I mean everyone's heard of Lawrence of Arabia\" \"Oh him, yeah him I've heard of who hasn't, papers couldn't get enough of him a while back\" Now did that sound too bitter to be merely an average solider bored with a celebrity obsession? \"Well of course they were, the mans a bleedin' hero\" \"No, he's a bleedin' fraud. He's just a nutcase who happened to get lucky. Hero my ass\" how was it that both statements sounded so true. Could they both be true? No one had to win \"Bruce you do realize that all of the press you read about him is either propaganda or the most sensational lies and gossip\" \"We'll just have to agree to disagree. I don't see why you have such venom for the fellow. But what made me bring him up was that he looks just like you, I mean it's kind of scary. You two are so similar, but I bet you get that a lot.\" \"Yes , all the time\" ","Summary":" The Prince of Our Disorder He couldn't take much more of this. It wasn't the pain that bothered him"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"His Eyes Still Haunt My Dreams","Author":"Florence of Arabia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10612645","Passage":"[Chapter 1] His Eyes Still Haunt My Dreams When he comes to the well he means to shoot the pale stranger, but something stays his hand. He supposed it to be idle curiosity but looking back he can see what force caused him to hesitate. He has seen Englishmen before but this one is different. Maybe it is the way he seems to have no fear or maybe it is the way his eyes flash and shine with anger. They are endless those eyes, like the sky and just as blue and when Ali leaves he finds that the man's eyes still stare through him. At night they haunt his dreams. The man's words too, his arrogance and ignorance. How dare someone just come from that cold, backward, little island presume to know the people of the desert and to tell them how to live? But he brushes this off, goes on with his life and assumes that the man will leave his nightly thoughts soon they same way he gradually leaves his waking ones. So when he walks into Faisal's tent he is surprised to see the Englishman's eyes rove all over him. They come to rest at his groin but Ali is sure that this is because of where he is sitting on the floor. They talk and it is Ali's turn to stare at the shining gold hair, the high cheekbones and expressive, perfect, wide slash of a mouth. When he tears his eyes from the man he sees Faisal looking at him with a knowing smile. He wonders if Faisal just arranges his face like this to put people off, but he doubts it. There is little this man does not see. But he must notice too. How could he not? You'd have to be dead and buried not to. Not to see how from one angle he has fine chiseled handsome features and from another he looks like the most beautiful woman in the world. But maybe he fears, this is just something I see and Faisal is laughing to himself at the young man who can't hide that he is smitten by this infuriating man. He follows the Englishman into the desert on his crazy whim. But maybe he isn't crazy, perhaps he isn't there to get them all killed. It could be that he is a genius or that some divine force that he cannot understand works through this man. But when he goes back after a fool who let his camel wander away he knows he must be mad. Ali yells after him with a ferocity that surprises him. What should he care if the Englishman dies? Wouldn't it be better to be rid of him, forget him, to be free of his ideas and from what the thought of that slim angular body does to him. But he finds his absence even harder to bear than his presence and is reduced to hitting the ground in frustration until finally his torment is ended. When English returns Ali feels the relief sweep through him. He doesn't take the first drink offered him. He stares straight ahead as if he sees no one, no one but Ali who comes to him through the others and gives him what he needs. Even then he waits so gasp out the words \"Nothing is written\" before taking a drink. All the while he stares at Ali letting the water run down his face. When he is done Ali shows him his bedroll and lets him collapse. Ali watches him sleep and knows that he is changed. Not only does he realize this man is not mad but that he has been meant for him. He could have died in that perilous stretch of the Nefud, but he was spared. He was sent back to us, sent back to me. When he wakes they talk, about fate, among other things and Ali decides he must un-basterdize him. He can't be Lawrence, the illegitimate son of some minor aristocrat. He is El Aurens now, born in the fire of the desert. The man he was died during the crossing. He takes this further and burns his clothes. The next morning when Aurens wakes and wonders why he has nothing to wear he is amused. Ali gives him a robe that was sent to him to wear to his wedding and Aurens is even more amused. \"What are you going to tell your aunt Ali? That you're afraid you had to give them these beautiful robes to an infidel because you burned his clothes\" He puts special emphasis on the fact that Ali burned his clothes but of course he doesn't seem to mind any of it. But he doesn't laugh, he will have to tell her this if she asks for how could he tell the truth? How could he say; I will not be wed to a woman in these, I gave them instead to him that I love. I dressed him as my virginal bride, there in the desert, and let the men all admire him as one of us and in the desert I will have him. Aurens puts on the headdress, his wedding veil, and Ali motions for him to twirl around which he does before going off on his own. When he comes back he brings Auda Abu Tayi with him and that night Ali has to endure his flirting. It's the way he says \"pleasure\" in particular that makes Ali grab Aurens afterward when they are alone. \"What was that?\" \"What was what?\" says Aurens eyes wide and rimmed with dark kohl \"'You trouble me like women', you know what he meant\" Ali spits \"Ali, I'm a man. He's a man. I wouldn't know how to do…whatever it is your accusing me of if I tried. Back in Cairo I couldn't even get anyone to like me. Let alone…\" he trails off and Ali puts a hand behind his head, pulling his face roughly to his and kisses him for the first time. He pulls away and Aurens looks so scared and shy. But he's hungry too and so Ali kisses him again and he responds with a ferocious intensity. \"You are so pure\" he says and Aurens' eyes flick down. How is it that he turns however you look at him? Fearless warrior, cold scholar, sensitive poet, tart, manipulator, friendless and lonely, and lastly as he is now; every bit the blushing bride. \"No, I'm not pure. Sometimes my thoughts…the desert is pure and, like it, you are pure. But I'm not\" \"People like you here Aurens\" and Ali traces his hand along the lines of his jaw \"Forgive me for doubting you. Just the notion of anyone else even thinking of you in that way is agony to me\" at this Aurens closes his eyes and moans a little with pleasure. He never thought anyone would say that to him. \"Ali don't…you can't pin any kind of hopes on me. Not in that way…I can't give you what you want\" Ali takes his wrist and leads him to their tent. He wonders what makes the man so shy, if he can ignore custom for love why can't this man who delights in ignoring not only what everyone thinks but what is physically possible. After Aqaba Ali will find a place to be alone with him and he will tease out his reticence. After Aqaba they do get a moment to themselves. On the beach he finds Aurens alone and tosses the flowers he brought into the waves. He knows he should just hand them to the man, that it would be kinder and more honest. But he likes to see what he will do. And Aurens does not disappoint. He jumps off of his camel and wades around in the water desperately trying to catch the garland. Ali laughs, not at him but because the gesture is so very needy that he is touched. When Aurens said he didn't know who he was maybe he should have listened, he wishes that he could go back to put his younger self right on a few points. But he couldn't see, not then triumphant and in love and with what he imagined was his future so clear in front of him. When Aurens says he will leave him to go back to his own people Ali feels as though a part of his body, though he can't tell what part exactly, is being ripped away from him. Aurens isn't English, they don't understand him, they don't love him. So why should he go back to them? So he snaps and in return he is called an ignorant man and left standing with Auda who just says he is not perfect. Of course he is not perfect how could he be he is only a man. But he comes back of course. Though things have changed, but not beyond repair. No, they are not beyond repair until Allenby does whatever he does. After Dera'a they are not beyond repair. After Dera'a when Aurens flickers between pushing him away and letting him get closer than he ever has. Ali cleans his wounds and when he weeps during the night he holds him. He whispers to him that he is safe and his suffering is over. He kisses his jaw, the line of his hair, his cheek, and the place where the long tight neck muscles meet his collarbone. He tells him that no man who has been to war does not cry, even though in the daylight he might brag of his triumphs but at night he is dragged back to his worse times against his will. Aurens tries to shake his head but Ali just pulls him closer and they sleep pressed against each other. He tries to make him eat, wraps him up and holds him close, using his body to guard against the cold, and anything else that might come after the man he loves. If the others talk, Ali just gives them a look that makes even the most foolhardy hold his tongue. But then Aurens leaves again. He says to Ali \"A man can't want what he wants\" and Ali thinks he's talking about skin color, about culture, about nationality. He thinks he's talking about West and East, England and Arabia. Maybe he is but Ali can't hear what else he is trying to say. When he comes back again he is a different man. When he comes back he offers Ali money and Ali feels like whatever has been holding him together has failed and he is pulled apart. He yells at Aurens \"You offer me money? Me! Who are you? I no longer know you! I will tell you who you are. You are some dirty English bastard! Do you think I am your whore? You want to pay me as if I were your pleasure boy? Take your filthy money. I do not want it!\" Aurens looks at him with a face that could be set in stone, he looks like a statue; there is nothing behind his eyes. \"So I take it you're not coming\" \"Of course I am coming! This is about more than us, I know you cannot imagine that something other than you would compel people to action\" Aurens is still blank but when he speaks Ali can sense the part of him that still feels human. \"I didn't want to assume…\" He trails off then laughs. It is harsh like the crack of a whip \"I said the best of them wouldn't come for money, they'd come for me\" \"I'm…I'm sorry I called you a bastard…\" Says Ali hoping to move back to someplace they might know. He laughs again and Ali wishes to God he wouldn't, as he can't think of a nastier sound \"It's the truth\" \"Aurens, look at me. What did they do to you, what did they say?\" Ali hates that he is begging and Aurens just looks desperately sad. He takes Ali's head in both his hands and kisses his brow. It burns Ali's flesh because it is so passionless, as if his lover is proving to him that now he can kiss him without being moved. But why do it in the first place? They see the remains of an Arab village and a Turkish column moving off as though this were nothing. There is a part of Ali, a part that feels very old, like a leftover from another life, wants to go after the devils. But his newfound misfortunes have robbed him of his certainties and he almost pities the Turks, and the Arabs and the English, and the donkeys and camels, and every other thing that makes its sorry way in this sorry world. Most of him is sick and tired of this bloody business. But Aurens isn't. No, Aurens is suddenly more alive then he has been in days. Ali tries to talk him out of this madness he knows they are damned. \"NO PRISONERS! NO PRISONERS!\" Aurens screams and Ali follows him, Ali follows him into hell. He loves this man and he is bound by his love so if Aurens wants to damn himself he damns Ali too. After it is over Ali finds Aurens staring at his reflection in a blood soaked dagger. He wants to reach out and touch him, to overcome the horror and disgust and reach out to him, maybe now Aurens will need him. But he can't not now that he knows. Aurens didn't withhold himself from Ali because he is scared, though it might be some of that, or because he doesn't feel. No, Aurens doesn't want to lay with him because he'd get no pleasure from it, because he is aroused by one thing and that is pain, his pain and the pain of others. Though he may hate himself now as he follows Ali away from the carnage he created, he has had his release. His shudders and gasps were not those of a man eager for vengeance but of one who is working up to a terrifying climax. As they walk away Ali says over his shoulder; \"May god help you, for no man can.\" In spite of all this he doesn't leave him. He knows that this must be something he cannot control, something he didn't ask for, something for which he is deeply ashamed. But he cannot help his fear and fear might, if not kill love, make him see its impossibility. Why does god do this to him? Am I not devout? Why do you give me this passion if it is to end like this? Do you dislike me? To make me love a man like this, a man so beautiful, so impossible to fathom and in his beauty so terrible and so destructive. He loves the desert because he is like the desert. Maybe Aurens is not a man but some kind of spirit, a human embodiment of the land they inhabit, a way of testing Ali a way of tormenting him. But Aurens is a human as he sees clearly in the sad shell of a man who sits in front of him in the council chamber of Damascus. Ali says he will learn politics and Aurens spits back that it's a low occupation. He'd never thought about it before he met this man. There were so many things he'd never thought about before Aurens came into his life. He was content then, now he feels that he had a chance to be great and lost it somehow, this is what really kills him. The loss of things he didn't know he ever wanted. And it is a loss. It is over. He couldn't admit that before but now he knows that whatever they might have been to each other was a dream. He leaves Aurens for the last time. They will never meet again in this lifetime. Aurens, or what is left of him will go back to England a broken, miserable, failure. Thinking about this Ali is hit with not only his own pain but the other man's as well. He thought that the pain of saying goodbye would break his heart but it is what he feels for Aurens that goes beyond anything he has the ability to bare. As he walks away Auda emerges from the shadows and grabs him \"He is your friend?\" Auda's voice is accusing \"Take your hand away\" He wrests his arm from Auda's grip. He will suffer no man to touch him now. It simply hurts too much. \"You love him\" The Howeitat makes the statement with his customary tact and finesse \"No, I fear him.\" This isn't completely true but who is Auda to demand his feelings, what would Auda know of being kissed by someone who then didn't want to touch you? Someone who clings to you at night but in the harsh light of day acts like you don't exist? Someone who you felt might just be your whole world who tells you he's come to the end of himself and is going back to his country that he doesn't even like, where he isn't even wanted. Ali knows this isn't necessarily fair but if a man can't want what he wants another man can feel what he feels. \"Then why do you weep?\" \"If I fear him who love him, how must he fear himself who hates himself?\" Auda nods because he finally understands. He wouldn't have that man's thoughts and that man's conscious, not for all the gold in Arabia. Who in their right minds would want to spend a minute inside that man's head? One day, he tells himself, he will take a wife and be content with long hair and soft curves and he won't long for narrow hips and a strong hard jaw. She will be dark like him and he won't think of lily-white delicate skin and bright blonde hair. But even as he thinks these things he knows they will never truly come to pass, no matter how many years and how many changes lay ahead those blue eyes will always haunt his dreams. ","Summary":" His Eyes Still Haunt My Dreams When he comes to the well he means to shoot the pale stranger, but s"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Ali of Finghington Bluff","Author":"wneleh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5684509","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I have no claim whatsoever to these characters. Written for jacklemmon ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I have no claim whatsoever to these characters. Written for jacklemmon"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"LAWRENCE OF LIVING DEAD","Author":"PetitChouLoup","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12592883","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LAWRENCE OF LIVING DEAD [[ATHUROSROS NOTES Lawrence of Arabia is moveie with title like likne of living dead so decided to combination them fro excellence but forget who play Lawrence of Arabia evxpect is british dued so ehere he play be Sean Connery}} LAWRENCE OF ARABIA WE COME TO DESERT IN ARABIA Say Abdul who is Lawrence of Arabias best friend in whole world YESH WE COME TO DESERT TO FIGHT THE EVIL NAZISH Shay Sehan Connery [[AHTOTURTOS NOSTES I forget who is villain so in s now Nazis}} OH NO THERE ARE NAZIS Say Mongo who is Lawrence of Arabias goriall savant gOOD EYES MONGO WE MUSHT SHOOT THEM Saty Lawrence of Arabis KILL ZEM Say evil Nazi leader who is scar and eyepacht NINE THERE ARE ZOMBIES Say german soldier who is not Nazi but is put in army because choine  OH NO ZOMBIES Say Lawrence of Arabia WE MUST RUN So Lawrence of Arabia and Mongo and Abdul are run to safe while Nazis eat WE NEED BACKUP FROM BIRTIAN Say Lawrence of Arabia I CALL KING RICHARD Say Mongo so King Richard send knightgs to help firggt the zombies and they are armor so they is fight zombies and they are protactro but zombies bite hard so some die and become xombie nights WE MUST FIND WHERE ZOMBIES FrORM Say Lawrence of Arabia WE FIND IN CAVE PRORBABLHY Say Adbul HOW NOW Say Mndo IS GUESSTIMaTE say Adbul So Lawrence of Arabia Mongo and Adbul are go to cave in desert LOOK THERE IS MAN IN CAVE Say Mongo HAHAHA OYU ARE TICKR Say Adbul who is lock in cave OH NO DBUAL IS LOCK IN CAVE NOW ARE TARP say Lawrence of Arabia MWHAHAHAHA HE IS MY SAVANT Say evil man who is small and balled and is Satan from Greastest Story Ever Stold OH NO IS SATAN Say Mongo I AM CREATOR OF ZOMBIES SOON WILL ROOL WORLD say Satan NO YOU WONT Say Mongo who oull pin ino greanda and is jump on Satan and they are blow up but Satan is immortal so not die but Lawence of Arabia think dead MONGO YOU SAVE WORLD YOU WILL BE REMEMBER Say Lawrence of Arabia NOW MUSH KILL ADBUL So Lawrence of Arabia is trap in cave but hje see box of csaprs and real eyes make Iron Man armor but is see stronger metal so its become STEELAWRENCE OF OF ARABIAN STEELARWENCE OF ARABIA AWAY Say Steelawrence of Abria who is punch whole in wall and is escape to fight evil Nazis and zombies and nzais zombies but Satan is reform like T-1000 and is laugh like evil MWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Say Satan TO BE CONFITUNED? ","Summary":" LAWRENCE OF LIVING DEAD [[ATHUROSROS NOTES Lawrence of Arabia is moveie with title like likne of li"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Beneath The Stars","Author":"HalfshellVenus1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6676751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Beneath The Stars Characters: Ali, Lawrence ( Slightly Slashy ) Summary: Aurens was Arabia's brightest star. x-x-x-x-x Night fell on the desert, but there was light enough for Ali. His eyes were always filled now with images of Aurens. In the daytime, Aurens blazed whiter than the sun as he burned a path across the sand. In the night, he shone under the moon like the brightest of heaven's stars. Aurens' plans for Ali's people were vast, the doubters' questions predictable: is it possible? Can he do it? The answer lay in the man himself, for if anyone could accomplish such a thing, it would be Aurens. There were times Ali wondered whether Aurens was truly human, or a force of nature or magic instead, like some scirocco-summoned desert djinn. At night, the blue of Aurens' eyes was softer but no less brilliant. He spoke in quieter tones, sharing the intimacy of dreams rather than the fervor of his visions. Ali longed for those evenings when the cold brought Aurens closer, when they slept in mingled blankets and Ali could as easily protect Aurens from bands of Bedouins as from the treachery of jackals. It was far more difficult to meet the challenge of protecting Aurens from himself. With only three day's ride to Daraa, Ali already mourned the coming loss of his privileged time with Aurens. He could not bear to think beyond Damascus, and whether Aurens might forever return to England after having accomplished his mission. The Arabic version of Aurens' name was more beautiful than the English version. Ali wondered if the same was true for Aurens himself. The man beside him was still mysterious all these months later, still the most amazing person Ali would likely ever meet. He seemed more than the world (let alone a country) could contain, yet Ali felt certain England would try. He prayed that he was wrong, that such a thing would never happen. Without Aurens, life itself would lose its color, and Ali's happiness would wither until it dissipated like so much desert dust. - fin - ","Summary":" Title: Beneath The Stars Characters: Ali, Lawrence ( Slightly Slashy ) Summary: Aurens was Arabia's"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Scheherazade","Author":"a-mild-looking-sky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13031697","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SCHEHERAZADE In the heat of the desert, Lawrence tells them about the cold underworld. It is a nightly occurrence - Scheherazade spinning wild tales to keep herself alive. He sits in the firelight, sweating in his British uniform, conversing in a blend of Arabic, English and what he later tells Ali is a simplified Ancient Greek. Ali doesn't know why he feels the need to speak a dead language to people who don't understand him anyway. Maybe it is a ploy to make himself feel superior. Already, with his blonde hair, blue eyes, pale skin and symbols of a distant empire, he is a stranger. A stranger can either submit to the authority of the natives or pretend he is someone else. Ali thinks that the phantom sitting at their camp is not the same Lawrence as the one who walks the rainy English streets. Ali strays from the firelight, preferring the loneliness of the sands. Some of his people have followed his lead, avoiding this bizarre man who appeared out of nowhere. But he can still hear his light voice through the shadows. He is narrating the myth of Hades and Persephone again. Ali knows it - he is not as savage and uneducated as Lawrence may suppose. While Persephone picks flowers, Hades steals her away and drags her into the dark abyss. She hates it at first, screams and wails and begs to be returned to her home, but soon, she grows accustomed to her new role. Having tasted food, she is obliged to remain there for the winter months. It is an age-old tale, composed for the ancients to understand the cyclical nature of the seasons. It is all a lie. Lawrence loves his lies. \"We should not speak of fairytales,\" Ali tells him one night after his audience have departed. \"We need to talk of strategy. Aqaba is out there, and it is not a myth.\" \"Everyone has their own tales, sherif. When you strip everything away, there are only symbols left. Why do you suppose the British has their sights on Jerusalem?\" \"Do you have your sights on Jerusalem?\" \"I have my sights on Aqaba, as you say, sherif. Then maybe - Damascus.\" He whispers it like a prayer. Ali shakes his head. \"Another tale for you to spin for them,\" he says without thinking. Lawrence becomes like Hades. In his dark chariot, he takes their hands and steals them away. He claims he loves this country with all his heart, but all he wishes is to dress it up in his own colours and trap it in his ideas. All around, Ali fears he sees the encroachment of another world. He fears the winters will be never-ending. If Lawrence is Hades, Ali must be Persephone. And yet Lawrence does not bring his food to Ali's lips, or dress him in his clothes, or make him speak his language. He remembers the first time Lawrence came to him and conversed in Arabic, not the foreign, broken English he adopts for the rest of his people. He remembers how it did not seem so strange when they swathed him in white robes, a gift to Ali for his wedding. He remembers how he becomes accustomed to the Bedouins' food. When they reach the shores of Aqaba, Ali meets him on the sand. One of Lawrence's tales has come to life around them, and they are the players in his myth. He drapes a trail of red flowers about his neck, the whispered ghost of a peace offering. The new Aurens runs them through his fingers, then places a soft hand upon Ali's chest. For a moment, he feels how their hearts beat in rhythm. \"I do not need a return gift,\" Aurens says. \"I have given you Aqaba. Freely.\" Ali feels the familiar coldness at his spine. \"It is not yours to give,\" he hears himself say. Maybe Aurens misinterprets that. Because, after Aqaba, he thinks he must perform greater and greater tricks. Seeing the blade at her throat, Scheherazade weaves richer, wilder tales. Aurens says he does all this to win the love of this country. It is an adoration built on spilt blood. He comes and goes as he pleases, leaving them in their prison, awaiting his return. And yet whenever he reappears, his people will call out for him, \"Aurens! Aurens! Aurens!\" as if he has never been gone. His black chariot becomes the trains he destroys, and once a man gets a taste of the nectar he offers, they are trapped. Ali is there to watch him spiral out of control. He watches him fall from that chariot and become the prisoner. He watches him become Persephone. They lay in the dirt after Dera'a, the heat drained from this broken, destroyed land. Ali tries to soothe the wounds of Aurens' abduction. The country he has tried to save has bitten his outstretched hand. He falls into despair, falls in Ali's arms, frozen and hollow, and wishes for the winter to end, so he can return home. This time, Ali knows, he will not come back. \"Let me go, Ali,\" he says brokenly. Ali does not break the embrace, trying to keep him warm. \"Was this all a lie, habibi?\" \"I think so.\" But, before Scheherazade is due to be killed, she spins the greatest tale. Patched together, fragments falling off, Lawrence walks through the gates of Damascus. This time, the people do not cheer for him. The nectar starts to taste bitter, and now, he can taste it in his own mouth. Soon, he will vomit it up and dress in his uniform once more, and Arabic will be a dead language on his tongue. They met in the sun. Now, Ali and Lawrence depart in the moonlight. Lawrence wants to reach out a hand, but cannot. Ali does it for him, entwining their fingers one last time. \"I'm giving all this back to you,\" Lawrence says in English. \"It was never yours to give,\" Ali whispers, afraid of his own voice. \"I know.\" He stops, and brushes his other hand over something beneath his robes. Ali realises he is still wearing those flowers, tattered and wilted now. \"I loved this country,\" he manages. \"All of it. I do not recognise it now. I have to go home. Let me have my freedom.\" \"It was never mine to give,\" Ali says. He watches him fade away. The white disappears into the black. The next day, he is gone as if he has never been here. The seasons start to change. Ali wonders if it will ever be winter again. A/n: So this was written from a suggestion given by a friend on Tumblr, using 'Hades and Persephone' as a prompt. I struggled at first but it didn't turn out so bad in the end ~ I find it quite fun to write this angstiest of angst ships haha. I tried not to make the Hades and Persephone thing *too* forced, though I did blend it with some 1001 Nights stuff too. ","Summary":" SCHEHERAZADE In the heat of the desert, Lawrence tells them about the cold underworld. It is a nigh"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Madness","Author":"CorianderEisenhower","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1967610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We cannot help speaking of his mad plan for Deraa. He is a madman--he was always a madman; I know this, for he does not fearnwhere other men fear and he does not stop where other men stop. He speaksnlike a martyr, but I think he will not die. \"Kiss me--I am an immortal,\" he proclaims, and I kiss his cheeks as muchnbecause he tries to amuse me as because he really believes himself annimmortal. There is no man who lives forever. Even Mohammed died, and if the prophetnwas not immortal, this man who wears the clothes I gave him cannot be. In this room full of smoke and the smell of brewing tea and rancid meat andnfur, we shiver under rugs and robes and quote the Quran to each other tonfill ourselves with passion for the idea--the mad idea!--of Deraa. \"'Man can have nothing but what he strives for,'\" says the man whom we callnAurans, with the cold in his blue eyes and his pale skin, and I know thatnif he stood in the sun for a hundred years, if he spoke nothing but Arabicnuntil his accent vanished, if he lived as Bedu for a thousand, thousandnyears . . . he would still never be an Arab. The blind Turks who are ournenemies may be fooled--for all things are possible--but Aurans will nevernbe. I fool myself to say so often that he means to be my kind and so he is mynkind. He is not, and he will not be, because he wants it and for all thenwords of immortality and victory, Aurans knows in his heart that he cannhave nothing that he wants. He is a fool. \"'God is with those who patiently persevere,'\" I tell him, and he laughs--nwhy be patient, he asks? Victory is in our hands! He looks through the many clothes that are piled on the floor before him,ncasting aside this robe or that kaffiyeh and shaping his disguise.nReadying himself to pretend to be ordinary--can he do that? Can he keepnhis blue eyes on the ground and his fire hidden away and his manner common?n \"'Allah loveth not aggressors.'\" He is a man on fire, and he burns me as well, and I think sometimes that itnwould not be so painful to burn to ash in his passion. He speaks of thenTurkish city as though it will be a walk in the gardens, and I want tonlaugh at his foolishness and I want to believe him at the same time. I love him. --D-E-R-A-A-- He has not said how they stamped his fire out, and yet he still bleeds. Henwill not let me tend the wounds on his back--he says that he needs to benreminded of the pain, and this is not madness but feeble-mindedness. But Inwill not tell him so. I will not do anything but take him back and force him to remember that henis a man--that he is alive, that he has a body! Does he not bleed? All ofnhis back, stained brown and red with blood! I will kill the Turks. I will kill them, and they will know that I wasnmerciful, for I did not beat them! I did not . . .. He will not tell me, but I can guess. He will not drink. He will not eat. He will not even sleep, but he staresninto the fire as if he knows that his has gone. I can do nothing. Nothing! And so I must be gentle, I must be quiet, Inmust be firm and I must make him sleep, and eat, and drink. He was immortal when we left, the martyr who did not die--he was ournimmortal, and I laughed at him for it. I laughed at Aurans because he wasnarrogant and because he wanted me to laugh even though he meant it. Today he is a dead man. He is a dead man who watches the fire and knows in his heart again that hencan never have what he truly wants. It is too early to know if there is no ember that still burns under thenash; it is too early to know if I cannot build his fire and make himnpassionate again and shout at him because he is a mad fool. I want that sonmuch right now--to shout at him and to hear him shout back withnindignation. I want to give back what the profane Turks took from him andnI want to kill them for taking it! But it is too early. It is too early, or perhaps it is already too late. ","Summary":" We cannot help speaking of his mad plan for Deraa. He is a madman--he was always a madman; I know t"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Mercenary","Author":"willshakespeare-immortalbard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6890909","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N—I don't own Lawrence of Arabia. I wish I did (oh, I wish I did), but I don't. This is a friendship fiction. Ali says that Lawrence offered him money. What happened? Lawrence's POV. The jangle of the coins is the only sound in the dark tent. \"1000 now.\" My voice is cold and emotionless. \"1000 later.\" Ali doesn't answer. His back is turned, so I cannot see his face. When he finally speaks, there is an anger in his voice that I haven't heard since Gasim's disappearance, when I returned to the Nefud in order to search for him. \"What do you take me for? A mercenary?\" He practically spits the last word. Another sound fills the darkness—the swish of fabric—as he turns to face me. His dark eyes are aflame. His nose and mouth quiver. His fists are clenched tightly as he struggles with his rage. \"You think to buy me? With this ?\" He motions at the bulging bag. 'You think me greedy—\" I wince. \"Barbarous—\" He will never forgive me for those words. \"Cruel!\" His voice breaks. No, never. Never. Never. Never. \"Ali...\" I try to explain, but I can't. I can't bring myself to rupture this friendship any further with mention of my fear of his desertion. But he already knows. Sadness lines the bitter tones of his voice when he speaks again. \"Do you think so little of me, Aurens?\" \" El Aurens is best.\" He once pronounced that name with pride. \"El Aurens is best.\" Now, that name is no better than the word he spat at me before. Mercenary. Mercenary. I refuse to look at him. I can't look at him. \"Do you truly think so little of me, that you would try to buy me? Do you truly believe that I will not follow without pay?\" His voice breaks again—he can't speak without being choked. \"2000 in all, Ali,\" I say firmly, reminding him of the reward. \"I do not want your money.\" His eyes are glittering when I look up. With tears. A few escape, but he frantically blinks, and they vanish. \"I will follow you, Aurens, but I will not follow you for money. I will follow you because you are still El Aurens. You are still the same man you were before Deraa. Only humbled.\" I have no answer to his words. They are true. But I won't admit that. \"Gather your men,\" I say, when I can speak. \"They will take the money.\" \"Yes. They will.\" He turns away. He doesn't look back. As the tent flap flutters back into place, I see him fling the bag—coins and all—to the ground, where the shimmering metal spills out, nearly indistinguishable against the burning sand. ","Summary":" A/N—I don't own Lawrence of Arabia. I wish I did (oh, I wish I did), but I don't. This is a friends"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Brighter Than The Sun","Author":"a-mild-looking-sky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10761701","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This feels like my first fanfic in ages, I'm so sorry I haven't been updating recently xD Anyway, hope you enjoy, feedback always appreciated :) Warning: Contains non-graphic allusions to a canonical rape. Brighter Than The Sun He is a very strange Englishman. Ali knows this as soon as he lays eyes upon him at Masturah Well. He stands alone in the midst of the white desert, having just witnessed the death of his friend, but he is not afraid. His bright blue eyes flash and burn, never once leaving Ali as he circles him, and Ali enjoys his anger. Brighton, their other Englishman, is as empty as the sands that surround them, only impassioned by matters that concern his own distant nation. But this one trembles at the emotion bottled in his breast, young and alive. He amuses Ali in his ill-fitting British uniform. From the very beginning, it seems as though he doesn't belong. When he leaves him, he doesn't think he will see him again. Without his guide, the sands will swallow him, no matter the strength of his fire. But Lawrence - for that is this strange man's name - defies the desert and the next time Ali sees him, he is sitting in the luxury of Feisal's tent, as if he has been there all along. His arrogance riles him. He speaks against Brighton as if by his mere insolence, they will follow him. But Ali does not trust his veiled promises. The desert has been gracious to him and let him live through its trials. Lawrence loves it too much, and this is still an adventure to him. Now, he has returned to its grasp. All has fallen dark and the night has strangled the arid landscape's heat. But Lawrence wanders, as if untouched, away from the camp and into the dunes, regardless. The children follow him, hypnotised by this odd man. He is so different from them, from anyone they have seen before. Orphans as they are, they have a reason for their fascination and attachment. Ali wonders what the reason for his own inexplicable intrigue could be. He has no reason. This Englishman will soon see that the desert is not his plaything, not his boy's dream of jeopardy and excitement, and he will leave. For the night and the next morning, he does not return. Brighton is not concerned. Ali walks the path Lawrence has trodden in the darkness, his footprints half-covered by the rolling sands, but he could have gone anywhere. Ali does not care. Maybe he has had his fill of this desolate land, and is hiding from it. Yet when he returns to the camp, Lawrence is sitting right in front of his tent, waiting for him. Ali's heart clenches in his chest. The Englishman has not even gone to Brighton, his superior. He has come straight to him. And he wants him to ride with him to Aqaba. Pass through the inferno of the Nefud and come at the valuable port from behind. He is mad. But Ali must also be mad because he follows him, just like that morning through the dunes. The further they travel to perform Lawrence's miracle (he has tried to say it is Feisal's, but Ali knows whose name Lawrence is really riding in), the harder it becomes to turn back. At last, they come so far that Ali is forced to keep looking forward over the horizon. Lawrence has told him that Aqaba is just over there, somewhere beyond the haze. He has made it sound easy, has lured many hopeful men along with him, but he does not know this land like Ali does. No matter how much he may think so. He does not know this insufferable heat, this dry, barren void. Riding beside him, Ali wonders if he regrets this quest. He is impossible to read, watching the sand swirl with a distant smile upon his face. Ali cannot tell if he is contemplating their trek or slipping into the lulling embrace of the desert. At first, he stirs him from his trance with frustration, disdainful that he is not alert for his own march. But he does not rise to Ali's barbed comments, only shifts that odd look upon him, and soon, Ali finds he is turning his head to watch him each hour, just to ensure he is still with them. Of course he is. He is with them all the way across the Sun's Anvil and to the other side. And then it is he who is turning to Ali, eyes brightening from the glazed state they have been in for days. \"Have we done it?\" he asks, his voice light despite the cracks from his parched throat. Another answers him, amused. \"No, but we are off the anvil.\" At this, Ali sees a relief spread over Lawrence's face. \"Thank God for that, anyway.\" \"Yes, thank Him, Aurens -\" Ali is not sure when they started to call him that. \"- I do not think you know how much you have tempted Him.\" \"I know.\" It is said with the same blasphemy Lawrence began the journey with. And Ali notices a similar hope still burning in his gaze that blazed before they left Feisal's camp. \"We've done it,\" he says. To hear him utter those words pushes a deep weight from Ali's shoulders, but he merely shrugs. \"God willing,\" he replies tersely. \"When do we get to the wells?\" Lawrence continues. \"God willing, mid-day.\" \"Then we've done it!\" Ali refuses to join in with his enthusiasm, though he knows the worst of the Nefud is behind them. The Englishman's boyish attitude still frustrates him. He does not understand how lucky they have been. And when Daud points out how Gasim has disappeared from their train, he endeavours to push that fortune even more. Ali shouts at him to stay, to leave Gasim to his fate, but Lawrence is conceited and, most definitely, mad. So he turns back, abandoning them on his own foolish trek, and Ali is forced to watch him vanish back into the night. He wonders why the sight affects him quite as much as it does. For the second time in mere weeks, Ali does not think he will see the strange Englishman again. They have crawled out from the clutches of the Nefud but Lawrence has still returned to it, surviving on nothing but air and his own madness. They should continue to Aqaba without him, as Ali had demanded Lawrence do with Gasim, but now, he watches the distant horizon for the shape of a camel and her rider. This task is an impossible one, a helpless one, but Lawrence cares only for the implausible. It intoxicates him and he hungers for it. He is arrogant and treacherous. He creates these trials for himself, for what reason Ali cannot fathom. The stars fade and the red sun arches into the sky, undisturbed by any breeze. Ali does not sleep for more than an hour. He waits and stares at the wavering sands far away, just as Farraj does on the dunes beside them. Maybe the boy is more optimistic than he is. But he knows Gasim must be dead. And Lawrence with him. So when through the midday sun, a tiny, black form appears, riding closer and closer to them, Ali thinks it must be a mirage. But it never fades, a minuscule speck which slowly gathers shape. Soon, he can hear Farraj shouting from the hills. \"Aurens! Daud!\" The cry echoes through the camp and over the vast area surrounding them. Ali stands at the sudden sound, confirmation that the figures are not just his imagination. Around him, the Harith start to come forward. It is Lawrence. It must be Lawrence. But it is not possible. It is not long before everyone is running towards the two approaching camels. They are all carrying water, crying for Aurens, Aurens, Aurens. Caught up with them, Ali grasps his own water and walks as calmly as he can towards the riders. He does not shout like the others, but his heart drums the rhythm of their words. Aurens. Aurens. Aurens. Lawrence gazes past them all, as if he does not see them. His uniform is battered and dusty, turned almost white in the ferocity of the sun. Only his eyes blaze brightly, grim and determined. The men have already reached him, but he is ignoring their offerings of water. He is staring right at Ali. Ali speeds up his steps, reaching Lawrence's side amongst the many jostling figures. Their eyes lock for a few moments before Ali is swept back into the cheering crowd. He watches, unable to stop from smiling any longer, as this strange Englishman is helped to sit his camel upon the hard ground. Gasim clings to him from behind like a child, wrenched from the womb of the desert. Ali is vaguely aware of Daud springing from the other mount and jumping into Farraj's waiting arms. Some strange part of Ali desires to give the same reception to Lawrence. Instead, he approaches him slowly, the men parting to let him through. Lawrence searches for him, and when their eyes meet, Ali smiles again, chest full of overflowing admiration. He offers him his water and finally, Lawrence accepts, taking the satchel from him. Everyone watches, reduced to awed silence, as he murmurs three cracked words. \"Nothing is written.\" Ali can almost believe him. And that night, they rewrite Lawrence's history, cleaning the stains from his past and moulding him anew. As the Englishman sleeps, Ali burns his ill-fitting, constricting uniform in the campfire and finds clothes more suitable for his fresh persona. So that, the following day, a phoenix rises from the flames as Aurens. No longer Lawrence. Ali dresses him in the flowing white robes of a Beni Wejh sherif and he glows as if illuminated from within. With a smile, he tells him it is his own wedding attire, sent as a wishful hint from his aunt. \"You would wear white, sherif Ali?\" Lawrence teases. \"It suits you better,\" he replies playfully, though he means more than just the clothes. Lawrence is gone and El Aurens stands in his place. And El Aurens is best. The battle for Aqaba is won. The miracle is accomplished. In the haze at the end of the battle, Aurens no longer seems to be a mere conceited blasphemer. Instead, he is their hero. One who has pulled them through the depth of the Nefud's inferno and out to the shores of the sea. After so many miles of stark white sand and arid hills, it is strange to lay eyes upon it at last. Aurens' gift to them. Ali knows that Aurens could not have accomplished this feat alone but, riding through the port that night, illuminated by the fires Auda's men are making, he is all that is on Ali's mind. He rode by him, blazing white in the path of the sun, and together, they entered the gates of this town, long beyond their reach. They grasped at it side by side, and now, they revel in its bounteous glory. Ali finds him, alone, amongst the soft foam of the breaking waves. He does not see him approach, not until the red flowers Ali has brought him sail past his camel. For a moment, he is still, staring at the crimson shapes floating upon the sea. Then he turns, and his eyes meet Ali's. Ali can only smile at him. \"Garlands for the conquerer,\" he explains. Aurens hardly responds. But it is not long before he jumps down into the water and desperately grasps for the gift. He finds them and holds them high. The sun glimmers around him and he is radiant, even in the fading evening light. Ali laughs, the joy and relief of their accomplishments washing over him like the waves about them. \"Tribute for the prince,\" he says. \"Flowers for the man.\" There is a rare smile of genuine affection upon Aurens' face as he gazes at the garlands. Ali watches him with pleasure, the constant weight of untold pressures seeming to have vanished from his companion's shoulders for a moment. His heart soars as he is overwhelmed by the urge to leap from his camel and embrace him close, to drape the flowers about his neck and kiss the corners of his upturned mouth. Much has changed since the journey across the Nefud. Ali can no longer deny his fondness for this strange man. He is fascinated by him, but realises with a sudden sharpness that it is not just this intrigue which tethers him to his side. He cares for him. And as Aurens turns his blue eyes upon him, he can almost pretend the feeling is reciprocated. \"I'm none of those things, Ali,\" he says, voice flippant as if denial of himself comes easily. Ali half-frowns. \"What then?\" he asks. \"Don't know.\" But then Aurens smiles again, openly and honestly. The issue with Gasim from the night before seems to be far behind them. Aurens is bright once more, their golden miracle worker. He again looks fondly at the flowers in his hand and back at Ali, and Ali becomes acutely aware that he is still adorned in his wedding robes, cradling his offered bouquet. He has not only married Lawrence to Arabia, but he has also irrevocably united him to himself. They are bound together, and Ali is content with that. Aurens admires the scenery around them, painted gold in the evening sun, and there is an air of honest fulfilment about him. He breathes in deeply, as if to imprint the moment within his lungs, and in a reverent voice says, \"my God, I love this country.\" It is the lightest, most open thing Ali has heard him say and it brings him great pleasure. He is about to jump from the camel and join him in the cool water, when there is a sudden disturbance from the town. The joy vanishes from Aurens' eyes. Caught up in the moment, Ali has almost forgotten about the rest of their men on the other side of this beach. But now they hurry back to them and the moment is gone. It is one of the final times Ali can remember seeing Aurens happy. When Aurens returns from Cairo, he is brighter than the sun. Ali is frightened to go near him lest he be burned but he still cannot stay away. By now, they are all satellites trapped in his orbit. There is no going back for Ali. He says nothing about Daud, though he is notably absent from Aurens' side. Aurens doesn't mention a word about what occurred in that odyssey across Sinai; only talks of the future, and the chaos they will cause across the country that he says he loves. Ali goes after him, though he knows something has changed. It is not the same man he stood with on the shores of Aqaba who now parades along the top of train wrecks. He captures the sun's rays in his fluttering robes, twirling until the glow seems to emanate from him, and they all cheer and cheer. Aurens, Aurens, Aurens. But Ali knows what they really shout for. The same brilliance Aurens bathes in reflects off the gold and loot in their hands, and that is where their hearts lie. Aurens does not understand that. He is like no other man Ali has ever met. Some days, he believes he will awake and find that their Aurens is not there any more, as if he is just a dream they have dressed in their own hopes and desires. But he is always there, a whirlwind that has changed too much to ever truly be gone. And Ali is trapped, a grain of sand caught in his storm. Together, they wreak havoc across the desert until the miracles become mundane. The clouds gather blackly in the sky and the gold turns dull in the grey light. The men leave once they have got what they came for and their arms are full of treasures. Their Englishman, Brighton, calls them deserters and can't comprehend their departure. He says he is not free to leave, as if it is something to take pride in, as if he is the only one bound to something bigger than himself. But Ali cannot leave either; he is tied to Aurens and cannot break away. He has come too far now. In their paths of destruction, they lose Farraj as well. Aurens keeps going. He has also come too far to stop. And so his demands become more and more unfeasible. He asks too much of the few he has left. Ali tells him he will soon find himself alone, but Aurens does not listen to him anymore. He listens only to himself. \"Do you think I'm just anybody, Ali?\" he asks when they are trembling in old ruins, with only twenty men remaining. \"Do you?\" But Ali does not care if Aurens is 'anybody' or not. He does not follow him for the person Aurens believes he is, this rich, inconceivable immortality he basks in. He follows him because it is the only thing he can do. He, not the loot or the promises or the wondrous feats he pulls, is where his heart lies. So, together, they walk into Deraa. They have extinguished his light. And Ali has stood, helpless, while they do. By the time they reach the old fortress, battered by the bitter winds, Aurens is nothing but the shell of what he once was. There is no radiance to him anymore, no hope or pride. Just, nothing. Even the crystal blueness of his eyes seems dim. Ali permits no one to see him. He bundles him in blankets, as if the cold will suddenly shatter the once white heat of his spirit, and lays him down by the stuttering warmth of the campfire. He wants to help him, wants to clean the raw wounds upon his back, but Aurens balks at even the merest of touches. They spend that first night back surrounded by the metallic scent of drying blood. Neither of them sleep. Ali knows he is a hypocrite telling Aurens to do so, as he will not find any rest either, not with Aurens' jagged breaths filling the space around them. Instead, he simply watches over him, trying not to remember the scars he has glimpsed on Aurens' back, trying not to picture those empty, dirty streets of Deraa, trying not to think of what they have done to his Aurens. Aurens does not move, does not speak nor show any signs of wakefulness, though his eyes are open. It is as if his whole being has closed in on itself, the many fragments he has forced together falling apart. The next day, he does not even flinch when Ali comes to clean the red, obscene gashes over his pale flesh. Ali's hands tremble as he draws the cloth over the sensitive skin, but he does it over and over, bandages Aurens up, attempts to pick up the broken pieces. The response is nothing but silence. \"Come back to me, Aurens,\" he finds himself murmuring when the void is too much to bear, uttering it in both of their shared languages. But Aurens hears neither. So Ali weeps quietly into the furs, if only to break the emptiness. Yet at last, a flicker appears in Aurens. Ali clings to it, and by his commands to eat and sleep, Aurens slowly returns. It is not much, but it is enough, and in the soft dawn, the sun gives form to the shadow Ali has been sleeping alongside. But no matter what he says, Aurens still leaves. He understands now; he is not extraordinary, is not the veil he has been hiding behind. He is a man, and he has been broken beyond repair. Ali watches him go once again, worried that a simple breeze will scatter his fractured, mortal soul to the winds. They are a long way from Aqaba. When Ali finds Aurens after the massacre, he can barely stand. He is leaning against a wrecked cart, gasping in the acrid, smoky air around them and staring at himself in the red glaze of his janbiya. Ali wants to scold him, wants to ask him if he likes what he sees in it. But he has no words. Not for this. Not for this barbaric cruelty. Aurens has left none alive. He walks to him slowly, barely able to drag his feet through this carnage. Aurens is almost unrecognisable, his once pure robes tattered and ragged, his face aghast. Ali reaches out, but cannot bring himself to touch him. This is what has happened to their golden miracle worker. A long time ago, he threw garlands at him. Now, splattered bloodstains echo the red flowers he once wanted to drape about his neck. As Aurens turns to him, his bright eyes filled with a detached horror, Ali feels bile rise in his throat. He cannot hold his gaze. They have to get away from here. But still, Ali cannot leave him. Maybe some part of him yet clings to the hope that once they reach Damascus, everything will be erased, and they can start anew. Just like the night he burned Lawrence's clothes and the next morning, he was Aurens, another man. But now, he does not know who Lawrence, or Aurens, is. And he doesn't think the shivering, gore-soaked mirage riding by their side does either. Aurens enters into Damascus with the same dead look in his scorched eyes. He has been fading for a long time now, and finally, the others are seeing it too. He shouts and orates and tries to keep them all from falling to pieces, but it is a lost cause. There are seas of petitions that fall unnoticed at Aurens' feet; a million voices yelling into his ears; whole districts that blaze late into the night. Even Ali finds himself transporting water with the crowds Aurens promised he would liberate. Now he walks through the ashes of the city they once dreamed of. When he returns to the town hall in the black hours of the morning, the fires still light his way. Aurens is alone in the cavernous building, only Auda and one sleeping Howeitat left with him, for all his troubles and trials. Everyone else has left, and the whole world is silent. Ali watches Aurens, wreathed in ghost-like robes, slumped over his writing. Auda talks at him, but Ali does not hear what he says. It is as though a gulf now separates him and Aurens, soundless, sightless, too distant to ever be bridged again. The damage has already been done. Nothing else can be said. When Auda walks out, it is just he and Aurens. He always knew he would be the last one standing beside him. But not this way. Across the emptiness, Aurens raises his head for a moment and looks at him. Ali bravely bears his gaze. He realises, with a sharp ache, that he has never discovered if Aurens feels the same way for him. It seems an impossibility. And now, it doesn't even matter. Aurens looks back to his writing, countenance perfectly devoid of outward emotion. \"And what about you, Ali?\" he asks numbly. Ali tries to reply in a similar way, but the pressure in his chest is almost unbearable. \"I shall stay here, and learn politics,\" he says. Aurens hesitates, but does not again meet his eyes. \"That is a very low occupation.\" \"I had not thought of it when I met you.\" Ali finds himself rising to his feet, looming over Aurens. He thinks of walking to him, still cannot entirely shake off the desire to throw himself back into his flames. But he must leave. He cannot keep doing this, lest he tear his own life, and Aurens', to pieces. Aurens has left a trail of destruction so wide, he can barely see the end. It has consumed everything and ripped their hopeful visions from their eyes and hands. No miracle can restore them. But for a moment, he lingers. He knows now he has stood, he must finish this farewell. Yet he can only imagine falling to his knees beside Aurens, pressing his mouth to his, and telling him how much he loved him. How much he still loves him. And how much he always will. He hurries to the door before the images consume him. His heart beats thickly in his dry throat, when he says, \"you tried very hard to give us Damascus.\" Aurens' response comes to him as if through water, faraway and drowning. \"It's what I came for,\" he says. \"And then...it would be something.\" Ali pauses, half-leaving, half-staying. Aurens has turned to him, but he cannot see through the haze in his eyes. His blurry outline reminds him of the times he walked along the top of overturned train carriages, haloed against the sun. They had loved him so much. \"Yes,\" Ali finally replies, forcing the word out. \"Much.\" And then with a final salaam, he rushes from the room. His last image of Aurens is of him sat alone in a deserted hall, weakly waving to him. Its mundane helplessness will forever remain in his thoughts. When Auda stops him in the shadowed corridors, he says he fears Aurens. He says he loves him. But truthfully, he fears how much he loves him. Even after all they've been through. In the far distance, dust swirls against the sky. Ali can remember watching the horizon like this more than once, searching for any signs of the strange Englishman who had come into their home. He had always returned, always defied all around him, golden and radiant. But this time, Ali knows he is not coming back. The sands have slowly swallowed him, have been since the very beginning, and now, he is completely destroyed. He is leaving for his own land of rain and small spaces, shaking the bars of the extraordinary life he has caged himself in. Ali does not know what will become of him. Watching the shape of the tiny army car, Ali can just about make out Lawrence's hunched form in the front seat. That man twice survived the blaze of the Nefud, he thinks. That man led us through Aqaba to the sea. That man brought a storm to the very gates of Damascus. That is the man I will forever love. A part of him wishes he had never come. It is a selfish thing to desire, for all the burdens Lawrence carried in their name. He does not know what they may have done without him. But at least if he'd never looked into those sharp blue eyes, never had the chance to ride alongside him, never met him at Masturah well so long ago, he would not have to deal with the agony of this: their sterile, heartless farewell. He knows he should be angry with him. He knows he should hate him for leaving them after all the promises he made. He knows some are relieved to have this whirlwind out of their way. But he cannot share their emotions. They did not sleep alongside Lawrence each night, or see the honest hope in his gaze at Aqaba, or even drag him out of the mud at Deraa. He was not merely an object for them to twist and pull into whatever shape they wanted. He was more than simply Lawrence of Arabia. Yet now he is lost, and Ali is sure that Lawrence does not know what, or who, he is anymore. They have stripped him of his identities and there are not enough pieces remaining to make a whole. He has been burnt to ashes in his own fire. Ali cannot fathom what life without Lawrence will be like, just as how he wagers Lawrence cannot fathom what life without the desert will be like. Already, it seems unnatural for him not to be sitting at his side. He was everywhere at once, trying to gather everyone in his hands. But none of them loved him as much as Ali did. On the horizon, the minuscule army car is consumed by the hills. It is the last Ali will see of Lawrence, except from the memories that will always haunt him. Silently, he turns and walks away. The vast landscape stretches around him as it ever has, untouched and endless. Yet it suddenly seems colder and emptier, now that they have lost their sun. -END- So I finally got around to writing another Lawrence of Arabia fanfic, after falling head over heels in love with this pairing once again... Gosh they just break my heart ~ Hope you enjoyed it! Feedback always appreciated :) Disclaimer: As always, don't own the characters/real life figures/real life-fictional figure mixtures and all of that c: ","Summary":" A/N: This feels like my first fanfic in ages, I'm so sorry I haven't been updating recently xD Anyw"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Council chamber script","Author":"Burusai","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8659621","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First of all I want to thank everyone who's reading this :) and I want to thank my sister for adding the camera instructions like in a real script^^ and I want to thank everyone who loves Lawrence of Arabia as much as I do :) MEDIUM SHOT AUDA'S BACK Auda Abu Tayi leaves the council chamber and Ali is about to follow him. CLOSE SHOT Lawrence is still sitting at the table, we see Ali looking back at him one more time before he turns around. EXTREME CLOSE SHOT in LAWRENCE face you can see him fighting with himself, then he turns his head towards ALI who is nearly outside the chamber now ; the camera moves with him. LAWRENCE I love you Ali He turns around and stands up while saying this. MEDIUM SHOT ALI'S BACK Ali stops, then slowly turns around, but not completely. LAWRENCE In my world I'm not allowed to desire what I desire, my path is already written for me MEDIUM LONG SHOT Ali now faces LAWRENCE and walks towards him. ALI But you were the one who told me that nothing is written! CLOSE SHOT ALI looks LAWRENCE deep in the eyes, LAWRENCE avoids his look. LAWRENCE It was a lie, Ali, everything was a lie, my whole life is a lie! A man cannot want what he wants! CLOSE SHOT tears are gathering LAWRENCE eyes; he softly touches ALI's face, then he breaks down. CLOSE SHOT ALI holds him in his arms and sits down on the cold floor. LAWRENCE (still crying) I'm sorry I wanted to leave you. CLOSE SHOT ALI holds LAWRENCE even closer. ALI (reassuring) That is not your fault El Aurens. EXTREME CLOSE SHOT LAWRENCE he looks through Ali as though he is talking to himself. LAWRENCE I belong to my country and yet...do not. CLOSE SHOT LAWRENCE gets a hold of himself again and stops crying. LAWRENCE I am neither english nor arab, that is my tragedy, Ali. CLOSE SHOT ALI places his hands on LAWRENCE shoulders and holds him away. ALI What does it matter then? It does not matter to me, El Aurens. I love you, wether your English or Arab. EXTREME CLOSE SHOT LAWRENCE rests his head on ALI's chest. LAWRENECE (whispering) But I can not love myself. END ","Summary":" First of all I want to thank everyone who's reading this :) and I want to thank my sister for addin"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Shadows on Sand and Stone","Author":"ambyr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2135536","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Farraj tries to flick the sand off his clothes, one grain at a time, as he rides. He doesn't realize what he's doing, at first; it's just his hands moving restlessly as his mind floats elsewhere, barely tethered. As the miles grow, his hands, tired and wind-bitten, slow. It's when they stop, and a single grain of sand falls from between his numb fingers as he struggles to dismount, that he notices. He's been holding it so tightly that even through the numbing blanket of exhaustion and despair he manages to dredge up a thread of surprise when he sees his fingers aren't bleeding from the sharp-edged glassy stone. It would be nice to see blood now. Blood speaks. Blood says, yes, he died. Yes, I killed him. The wind whistling through the sands says only, you, too, will die, and it screams its message to everyone who will hear. He has always known the cruelty of the desert, but he has seen it as a cruelty of wind and sun, thirst and heat. Farraj is not an Englishman, to speak of standing on firm ground; he knows the sand is capricious and shifts at its own whim. Still, he has always thought of it as background, deadly only because it spoke of a lack of other things. Now he knows the truth, and suddenly the sand, which encompasses all his world, is the enemy. He knows he could work feverishly, night and day, and never keep one inch of his robes clear. He knows this, but it is a distant knowledge, cloudy and undefined behind the knife-sharp certainty that is Daud's death. Farraj knows the sand will swallow him, too, if he drops his guard. Somewhere, the wind hisses softly, yesssss. ∗ ∗ ∗ When he dreams of a world without sand, all he can fill it with is emptiness. Sometimes it is the emptiness of the sky, black and cold, surveying him through the eyes of a thousand uncaring stars, and other times it is the emptiness of the ocean, wave swallowing wave in a tumbling dance that leaves no place for a man to stand. In the palace of the Englishmen, he can finally see how such a world might be filled. Here the buildings are not cloth or brick, but stone, swept and polished until his reflection gazes back at him, brushed clean of sand, from the floors. Water fountains, sweet and unfettered, from basins in the courtyards, and everything is clean. He knows sand is stone worn by the wind, but he will not allow himself to remember. What he cannot avoid remembering, even as in his mind he fashions the stone buildings into a fortress against death, is Daud. Daud's sparkling eyes shine back at him in the polished stone floors, and he mutters a prayer and wonders if the reflection will harm his soul as much as a graven image. He can see Daud's robes trailing out of the shadows in the corners, waiting to leap out in a game of hide-and-seek. When he turns, Daud turns too, always behind him. He thinks he can hear Daud's laughter, but it is harder to find mirth in this cold fortress than it is to find shadows. Only before the fountains does his bubbling glee truly ring free, and the Englishmen do not like him there and hurry him away. ∗ ∗ ∗ In the room they have given him, there is no laughter, but when the lights fade away with sunset Farraj sees the toss of Daud's robes again in flicker of shadows cast by the outside lamplight through his window. Closing his eyes only brings him more sharply into focus. He watches through spiderveined eyelids as Daud creeps closer and closer, and braces himself for the touch of this shadow ghost. One hand extends, and then Daud vanishes, not quickly but in the slow, dissolving fashion of smoke. Farraj coils in on himself, huddling in the corner of the too-soft mattress the Englishmen have given him, and tries very hard not to cry. Water is valuable in the desert, and the salt that the heat sweats from one's skin scarcely more so. Tears are a waste that cannot be indulged. Lost in thoughts of sliding sand and smoky shadows, he thinks he is succeeding in his struggle until he hears a faint cough in the archway and breaks out of a sob that he does not remember beginning. Lawrence stands there, framed by the gap between their two rooms, his disheveled blonde hair made all the more pale and otherworldly by the halo of lamplight that illuminates it from behind. For a moment Farraj hates him, this too-pale Englishman who came to them with ideas and ideals that promised them the world and gave Daud only death. Better to stay outcasts together than heroes apart. Then he sees that Lawrence is crying too, a slight glisten in the corner of one eye. He has never seen him cry before. It occurs to Farraj, suddenly, that perhaps in this palace where water tumbles freely from fountains tears may not be a crime. Lawrence opens his mouth to speak, but Farraj is afraid of what he might say. He does not want to hear speeches of how they must carry on without his dearest friend, nor apologies that will make him hate Lawrence again for not doing the impossible. They are the only ones that remain; they cannot afford hate. He stands, lets the oddly-patterned blanket drop to the floor, and walks to Lawrence. Lawrence looks steadily back at him. His face is dry now, and Farraj wonders whether what he saw was only a trick of the moon, but it is too late for that. Farraj steps closer, and Lawrence puts his arms around him. They stand that way for a long time, feeling each other's hearts beat against their chests. Farraj does not offer what he has only ever given Daud, and Lawrence does not ask. Outside, the wind still hisses, singing fey melodies of death, but Farraj can hear only Lawrence's breathing. This is life -- stolen moments from the desert, pretending behind thin canvas walls that death does not fill the world and that each man is not alone amidst the sand. That the walls here are stone does not make it any less pretend, but for the moment it is enough. ∗ ∗ ∗ When they leave the stone buildings behind, Lawrence straight in his saddle and radiant with new-bought enthusiasm, the sand comes again. They are only a few steps beyond the gate when the first grains fall on Farraj's robes, clinging to the folds. He watches them steadily for a moment, raising his hand to brush them off. Then he lowers his hand, grasps the reins, and kicks his horse into a gallop. The sand flies away, and though a new cloud forms at the hooves of his mount, he is moving too fast for it to touch him. Behind him, Lawrence gives a startled grunt, and then Farraj hears a second set of pounding hooves. Somewhere up ahead, Farraj fancies he can see Daud, black robes billowing behind him. He laughs, and urges his horse faster, because there is nothing else to be done. The desert will take everyone and everything. He has always known this. There is only the glory of the moment, and the faint touch of other human lives, gone almost before it begins. They fly like that, in defiance of the desert and the plodding conservation that it enforces, until their horses have begun to pant and the sun has cleared the edge of the horizon. Ahead or in his mind's eye -- Farraj can no longer quite tell which is which -- he sees Daud turn and wave before galloping on. The dark speck grows smaller and smaller, vanishing finally into the sands, but Farraj is no longer looking at it. If the wind hisses or the sand falls, these are things he cannot change. He waits for Lawrence, only a few paces behind. The only unease that lingers, as he glances again at Lawrence's proud posture, is that Lawrence has not yet learned this. The Englishman still hopes to set himself against the world and win. Farraj fears the fall that will come, when Lawrence finally understands the land he has so lightly adopted, but he knows no way to soften it. Together, they trot towards home. ","Summary":" Farraj tries to flick the sand off his clothes, one grain at a time, as he rides. He doesn't realiz"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"100 Grains of Sand","Author":"Surburia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7358220","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Touch\" When he sets out with Tafas as his guide he is still dressed in the British uniform, the brass buttons reflecting painfully in the midday sun searing through a cloudless sky; his leather boots heavy and constricting trapping the heat as if he were setting them before a hearth. He rubs his fingers above the stiff uniform collar where sand sticks to the sweat dripping down his neck, feeling how the grit has accumulated and pulls his hand back to study the individual grains. Tafas doesn't speak at first and when he does he does so with disdain, a small smirk crinkling the roughened skin around his eyes. \"You may drink here.\" Lawrence is a foreigner to this man, a stranger to be distrusted, rightfully so. \"One cup.\" There is much to distrust in his appearance, but Lawrence finds it difficult to discern the difference in between his guide and himself. Already the notion of the Englishman begins to fade. Even as he contemplates him with eyes that match the color of the desert sky and his skin turns redder under the Arabian sun. No , no of course there is a difference, but he does not want his people, here in the Spartan desert. This is where gods are born. This is where prophets appear from behind mirages, real and tangible. There is no stifling bureaucracy. Lawrence contemplates the man and with a smile of his own says, \"I will drink when you drink.\" Before Tafas' can say another word, Lawrence has his camel lumbering forward with a soft \"hut hut.\" Later, when the sun begins to descend and the sweat has dried, he and Tafas stop in a circle of desiccated juniper branches. Pain arches across Lawrence's back as he leans back in the saddle, but he keeps his face a mask as he makes his camel kneel and almost loses his balance as he dismounts, the pain doubling as he stands. Tafas beholds the gun around Lawrence's waist with a child like reverence. The moment they had been introduced, his eyes had gravitated towards the weapon. How could something so mundane and abhorrent produce such rapture? Tafas quickly looks away. He gives Tafas the gun. In the darkness he takes the food from Tafas' fingers now almost indistinguishable from his own in color in the fading light. He swallows thickly, the rancid mutton fat coating his teeth, and refuses the grimace that tries to pull at his lips. Tafas' holds out the container and offers him another, resigning himself; he reaches in and plucks the fat from the remainder of Tafas' food supply. It's truly awful and he almost gags, but he can't help the happiness welling up inside of him. It's a desire to jump up and dance and scream and laugh. Tafas inspects the gun carefully, wiping his hands across the fabric of his shirt and making sure he has brushed all of the sand away before reverently running his fingers over the barrel, letting them dip and linger in the small grooves. His nails make small clicking noises against the black metal. His reflection morphs and elongates by the light of the fire. \"I can fire it then?\" \"Yes, but at what?\" \"Show me.\" He does and Tafas takes the gun back, raising it to his eye and pointing the barrel into the darkness. Lawrence doesn't jump at the crack of the gun, nor when Tafas' hand flies back with the recoil. He laughs when his guide laughs and once again his fingers find the sand clinging to the back of his neck, now they are dry, now they brush away and fall back to the terrain. He rubs them between his fingers and he can't help but smile. Little things accumulate and little things become great powerful things. A/N I'm not sure if Fanfic100 is still being moderated, but I signed up to write fanfiction for Lawrence of Arabia. I haven't been approved, but I was just so excited to get started that I dove right in. The quality of fics for this fandom is amazing and truthfully I'm not sure of the quality of my entry. I rarely write fanfiction, and this was my first foray into Lawrence fic. It's a pretty short fic and tentatively my entry for \"touch\", but the title only works loosely. It was supposed to be \"strangers\", but I couldn't get the story to go where I wanted it to. I would love some feedback or helpful criticism. I'm not sure if I'm just going to try to adapt and extend scenes from the movie or write some AU situations. I might try to crossover with events from Seven Pillars and maybe the movie Lawrence After Arabia. ","Summary":" \"Touch\" When he sets out with Tafas as his guide he is still dressed in the British uniform, the "},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Dine With Me, The River","Author":"Jo Z. Pierce","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4420825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hospitality kept him poor, despite the profits of a hundred raids The Howeitat were the finest fighters in the desert, and their fighting was crucial to the success of the Arab Revolt. Their leader was Auda abu Tayi. Dine With Me, The River by Jo Z. Pierce I am Auda, father of Tayi. I am a leader of men, leader of my tribe, and leader of Howeitat. I have heard men wonder, how can a poor man be rich? Yet, I ask of you, how can a rich man be poor? For Bedu, hospitality consumes rich men but sustains powerful leaders. And for this, my honour, my generosity must carry all wealth away. My wealth is quickly consumed, as mansaf served on giant metal trays. My wealth flows like a river in the desert, quickly evaporating in the sun. And I am a river to my people. ","Summary":" Hospitality kept him poor, despite the profits of a hundred raids The Howeitat were the finest figh"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Lawrence of Arabia","Author":"Midnightingale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1493925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Lawrence of Arabia\" On a sand dune deep in the desert, a figure passes in the blink of an eye. I could have sworn it had been Lawrence. That ghost of a man who saved the Arabs. That strange young man who took no credit, but brought the desert heat down on Turks. On the back of a camel he rode the sand waves, uniting the tribes to fight together. They carried his name like it were a banner, waving it high they rose their spirits. Like a word unspoken sat our Lawrence, bowed on a red woven carpet. You'd expect it to fly like Aladdin's, take you to places you never dreamed. To the heart of the desert in a giant sand storm, shrouded in impenetrable mystery. Off the maps he travels, a Bedouin army at his heals. This is the man known as Lawrence, An English gent who found himself on a mission. In saving a people he almost became one, Such is the man called Lawrence. There will never be another like him, for sand flows through his veins. ","Summary":" \"Lawrence of Arabia\" On a sand dune deep in the desert, a figure passes in the blink of an eye. I"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"In Chaos","Author":"Mercurie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1752835","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: The characters and situations of Lawrence of Arabia do not belong to me,rnnor do the rights to The Seven Pillars ofrnWisdom or any related material. A/N: I've alwaysrnwanted to write a Lawrence ficlet, so here it is: an experiment in characterization andrnsymbolism. Enjoy and please review. In Chaos \"In six weeks I canrnhave Arabia in chaos.\" Major Thomas Edward Lawrence was aware that his reputationrnwas not one of honesty. He had on multiple occasions been accused, and notrnalways falsely, of dramatization, exaggeration, and outright fabrication. In thisrncase, however, no one could claim he hadn't lived up to his promises. The ear-splitting scream of a train derailing sent shiversrnthrilling down his spine. The explosion had blown apart the locomotive, hurlingrnfragments of metal in all directions like an iron sandstorm. The train cars,rnshying away from fire, derailed with a shriek, tumbling willy-nilly out of linernand tossing up sprays of golden sand. Lawrencernwatched in fascination as the whole apparatus, like a swirl of melting paint,rnshifted and groaned before finally coming to a rest. Sound perished as the dust settled, but only for a moment.rnAs if to make up for the mechanical silence, the Bedouin war cry flew up,rnsweeping over the desert on invisible wings. Hundreds of bare feet poundedrnacross the sand, robes flapped and rifles glinted in the sun as a wave ofrnnomadic warriors crashed over the stricken train. Brown bodies clambered ontornthe roof, through the windows, and underneath the carriage, searching out everyrnimaginable piece of loot. Passengers were killed, ignored, or plundered,rndepending on the inclination of the attacker. Lawrence laughedrnwildly. An observer might have noted the odd gleam in his brilliant blue eyesrnas more than mere triumph at a job well done. He made a strange contrast to thernwiry, tanned Bedouins, with his fair skin and bright gold hair, not to mentionrnhis lack of a beard. For all his Arab dress, Lawrencernmade sure he stood out. The desert had not eroded his sense of aesthetics, andrnit was no coincidence he wore only white and gold. Few forgot the white sharif once they had seen him. \"Come on, then,\" he told himself glibly, striding withrncomfortable slowness down the sand dune. Behind the human spectacle of the looted train, the desertrnstretched out with beautiful indifference. Luminous hillocks of sand, redrngorges, nightmarish volcanic landscapes, stony plateaus – it was a diverse andrnvaried environment, at times surreal. Lawrencernloved it for this reason, along with the fact that here, he was the authority.rnHere, no one gainsaid him. Here, they thought him a miracle. The desert hadrnturned an oddball Englishman into a dazzling god of war. Sometimes the ironyrnmade him laugh. He was laughing now as he climbed over a prostate train car.rnOccupied with the looting frenzy, his Arab followers paid him no mind beyondrnthe occasional gesture of deference. The heated metal warmed his feet throughrnthe soles of his sandals. Sun flashed on the steel side, lighting him fromrnbeneath. The image would have made an outstanding photograph. Too bad thernreporter wasn't here. Lawrence leapedrndown on the far side of the car. The empty desert stretched out beyond. Itrnseemed to hunger for fulfillment – merely his imagination, no doubt. A shadowrnof irritation crossed his mind. He allowed the shimmering sun of conquest tornvanquish it. The faint smile hovering about his lips returned. \"Aurens!\" someone called. Hernglanced up at the car. An Arab's teeth shone at him in happy excitement. \"Aurens, look!\" the man cried, flinging one bloody hand outrnto indicate the desert. Lawrence turnedrnto follow the gesture. He had to squint against the glare, but the reason forrnthe Arab's enthusiasm quickly became plain. A number of dark figures werernmoving across the sand, struggling away from the incapacitated train. Turkishrncitizens, no doubt, perhaps even officers or administrators. A group of Arab riders galloped after them, their whoopsrnfragmenting and distorting over the distance. Arabs were the only peoplernLawrence knew who could swagger while on a horse, and they were doing it now. Onerncouldn't help but admire their horsemanship as they arced gracefully around thernpanic-stricken refugees, puffs of sand billowing up from their mounts' hooves.rnThey rode a diminishing spiral around their prey, drawing in tighter andrntighter, until the leader shouted a command and each man reined in his horse. Eight rifles rose. Lawrencerndidn't count the shots or bother to watch the doomed passengers fall. Somethingrnelse caught his attention. All the windows on the train car's side hadrnshattered when the car had tipped over. It leaned now at angle, affording arnview of the interior. It wasn't the plush décor inside that Lawrencernfound interesting – it was the book lying in the sand below. The tome must haverntumbled out the window after the impact. He knelt and picked it up, smoothing golden grains off itsrncover. To his surprise, the title was in his native language, and read English Fairy Tales in fadedrncalligraphy. Some foresighted national had been reading up on British culture,rnit seemed. Flipping through the pages, he discovered \"Jack the Giant-Killer\"rnand \"The Bogey-Beast,\" complete with colorful illustrations. The absurdity of it struck him all at once, and he began tornlaugh softly. \"You find this amusing?\" Lawrence lookedrnup to find Sharif Ali standing over him. In his blackrnrobes, Ali might have been a desert devil, but concern boiled in his eyes wherernhumor enlivened Lawrence's. Ali wasrnlooking not at the book of fairy tales but at the desert, where sand hadrnalready swallowed the blood of the Arab executioners' victims. \"They're heroes, Ali,\" Lawrencerntold him benignly, \"Vanquishing giants. Chopping the headsrnoff dragons.\" \"You should have more control,\" Ali replied, his dark eyesrnshifting to the crouching Englishman. \"No one controls chaos. We only unleash it.\" \"We?\" Lawrencernsobered. Leaving the book in the sand, he rose and touched Ali's shoulderrnlightly. \"We,\" he said, \"are the Arab Revolt.\" With that, he walked gracefullyrnaway, leather-bound feet making no sound on the all-consuming sand. His purernwhite robe fluttered inscrutably behind. Ali's eyes followed him for only a moment before travelingrnthoughtfully to the discarded book of fairy tales. Sand had already begun torncover it; soon it would disappear completely beneath the suffocating power ofrnthe desert. Like so many before it. ******* A/N: What fun. Irnlove Lawrence. Hope you liked! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: The characters and situations of Lawrence of Arabia do not belong to me,rnnor do the ri"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"The Journey","Author":"The Masked Writer1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10185425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The wind whistled through the stone crevices that littered the coastal city of Rabegh, where a young girl- not much older than 13 or 14 years old- silently trod through the silty soft sand that blanketed the city. It was late afternoon, but darkness was approaching on fleet wings. The girl held a great clay pot atop her shoulders, filled to the brim with sweet well water. It occasionally would tip over the rim and refresh her bare shoulders and greasy black hair that lay in tendrils down her brown back. Rabegh had once been a flourishing city of trade and beautiful markets filled with delicacies that could make your mouth water with just a glance. Cutlets of lamb, chicken and camel roasted on skewers over flickering coals and a variety of fresh cheeses lay atop cool palm leaves. The pungent smell of saffron and mint permeated the air, light bundles redolent with the scents of rosemary and thyme were bought to ward off witches and demons, and baklavas drenched in rose and orange water and sprinkled with cinnamon, sumac, and sun-dried slivers of pearl-white almond were all sold for a couple of liras. Most people dismissed this 'town' as unimportant, once destroyed by seawater, but for the girl it was the centre of all the fairy-tale stories of her childhood that her crippled father had told her between his ritual chewing of qat. As the green herb trickled down his chin and he gazed euphorically into the smoky haze of the desert, he would recount tales of beautiful enchanted princesses locked in underground caverns who sang ballads for powerful genies and enchanting 'ifrits who seduced the most unwary of moneychangers with their wealth and charm. It was all a dream that the girl could already taste- the gooey honey dripping down her face with each luxurious bite- but that had been seven centuries ago when the Arab world had been rich and powerful, now it was just a beautiful piece of broken pottery- a shell of what it once was, divided by colonial powers. She had been walking for so long that she realized she had ceased to pay attention to the direction she had been going and gave a sudden exclamation as she realized that she had been wandering eastward in the direction of the expanse of desert which bordered the city. At a loss she gazed around her, the skeletal mud buildings rose out of the ground and created ominous shadows in the looming twilight. Fear seized the girl and she remembered her father's words of the dangers that always lay hidden in the shadows at hours such as these. The patter of her bare feet grew louder as she began to jump at the sound of a baby's wails and the shrieks of cat fights which resonated off the buildings. A low moan from a dark alleyway woke her from her frozen state of panic and she flew around the corner, heart beat quickening, her hair flying about, her only thought whirling through her head was to get away- get away as fast as possible... Suddenly, she found herself exactly where she had hoped she would not end up, at the edge of the city, as far from home as she could possibly be. She had been running relentlessly with the heavy clay pot of water and now it seemed only 20% full, the rest having sloshed onto the grimy road- now mixing with camel dung and other filth. She cursed herself with some of the colourful language she had learnt from her father before laying down her burden and resting on a slab of broken granite. She forced herself to raise her weary head and was met with an unforgettable sight- the desert- the dunes rolling like undulating waves, still and shimmering, each grain of sand a jewel in its own right. The girl gave a sharp intake of breath as she gazed at the sun, like a great pomegranate, as it rounded a particularly large dune and reddened the sky with its magnificence. Even the clouds became golden and purple in its presence. Her father had told her that gold and purple were the colours of royalty and prestige, and now here she saw the sun glowing as if it were the sultan of the skies, surrounded by its court, dressed in the imperial colours. She turned her head abruptly at what sounded like a soft sigh, distant and melancholy. Her eyes widened as she saw above her, on a round chunk of stone which jutted out from an abandoned house (a house which reminded the girl of a fortress with its buttresses and diminutive towers touching the sky) a man facing towards the desert. Could it be- resplendent in white flowing robes of silky fabric, complete with a keffiyeh made of simple agal resting atop his shoulders - a Sharif?! It was hard to tell from her vantage point and her heart quickened at the sight of this resplendent outfit. The man seemed to be gazing out in the same direction as she had, and he sat hunched over, his hands resting on his knees, his face indistinguishable. She trembled as she continued to look on in awe. Atop his shoulders he wore a simple leather cloak, and she could barely make out what seemed to be a dagger held snugly against his waist. He looked thin and small, and he sat perfectly still as unmovable as the dunes, his boots buried under a thick layer of sand. A frayed notebook, its pages worn and falling apart, could be seen lying in his lap. She moved closer to get a better look at the solitary figure and found herself slowly scrambling up the detritus, carefully so as not to startle him or cause any sudden movements. Could it be that this man truly was a great and powerful Sharif who dwelled in childhood stories? He looked as if he wanted to curl up into nothingness, but it seemed that the harder he tried to back away and hide, the brighter he seemed to shine, the more majestic he seemed to become. It was as if the robes of a Sharif had him marked crying, 'you cannot escape from your destiny!\". She crept slowly upward, intrigued but most certainly wary, for who knew who this man might be, and assuredly her father was already worried about her. The devastating thought of her poor father gasping in agony as he considered the horrors which might have befallen his daughter was a thought which slowed the climb a bit, but having had a reality check and realizing that her father was most probably settling into his hookah right about now for its warm, comforting smell and taste, was not so much as a sedative for the girl's nerves, but something dark and saddening, as if a thunder cloud had settled over her head. There had been days- long ago, when her father had been well and whole, and her mother had been alive and her brother had been around. Her brother had once been fighting for an independent Arabia. It seemed like ages ago- but the passing of time could have made it perhaps fewer than several years. Her brother had stories that rivalled her father's, stories which rivalled them because they were true. He spoke of the Ottomans, who drank the blood of their victims and stuck people's heads onto poles which they paraded in Damascus and Deraa. Before bed he would frighten her by saying that the monstrous Ottomans preyed on little girls that didn't fetch the water before bed- perhaps that was why she was so diligent about it now. Her favourite story though had been about a great leader who led men into battle- he had the iron will of an Arabian charger, was sly and cunning as a cobra, and had the knowledge of Allah himself; most wondrously though was the fact that his hair was yellow! Yellow like Boabdil the Great, her brother would say before blowing the last bit of candle fat out. Yellow hair! It was magical and absurd all in one; but she believed all of it. In fact, she lapped it up like almond milk on a scorching day. She scrambled the last bit over the piece of broken stone, trying her best not to alert the man still directly above her, whom she was coming in good sight of. In fact, it seemed he had not noticed her at all; he was so absorbed in looking at the horizon. The sun was dipping low in the sky now, and the light now danced off the man's hair, which was parted so that his locks fell across his fore head in one deft swoop, some damp kiss curls loosely plastered to his forehead. As the sunlight glinted off the solitary figure, the girl came to give a small cry, for she saw that as the sun sparkled off the man's face that his hair- his hair was the colour of the sun and the sand- it was in fact gold ! She was so startled that she almost toppled over the ledge. She was standing a bit downward over the overhang that the man was on and stood approximately thirty feet away from him, still not close enough to get a really good look- but as she tried to steady herself, a couple of small pebbles fell down the slope, causing the man to turn around and locate her. He performed the act quite slowly and deliberately as if he knew she had been there all along. Stunned and breathing heavily, the girl now came to see this was not your everyday Abdulla, nor was he the Sharif she imagined him to be. 'You live here?' his voice was quiet and raspy. She could not breathe, she could not breathe- her lungs were drawn tight as the skin on a drum- 'Yes,' she finally exhaled, eyes wide, her body quivering with total shock. A dramatic pause ensued. 'The sunset here is very beautiful is it not?' His Arabic is perfect, she thought, and the sweat poured down her skin in relentless buckets. 'Yes,' 'Would you like to come and join me?' the question hung in the air, like the heady fragrance of lilac blossoms. The girl thought she would faint, her vision swam, and the white clad person on the cool granite seemed a surreal dream. The man chuckled, 'Don't be afraid, I won't bite,' As if possessed by some demonic spirit, she began to walk, upwards toward the man, her heart reverberating in her chest, and her throat as dry and parched as the restless beating wind, which made the man's cloak flutter and billow. She clutched at her own tunic as she scrambled up the slope, barely noticing when she twisted her ankle in a crack between the stone. She was mindless, hypnotized, by the angelic voice of the man. Granted, it had seen better days, but the honeyed way in which he pronounced each syllable could have charmed a rattlesnake. It was as if his mere voice was drawing you to him, persuading you. She came to rest directly beside him on the piece of rock he rested upon, never losing eye contact with him. Finally, her heart leaped into her throat as she realized that this mysterious man was not an Arab, nor a Turk, but, but an Englishman! The deathly pallor of his skin, the surprising lightness of his hair- how did she not see the resemblance before? Of course he could have well nigh been a Circassian of Northern descent- but once she had heard the slur in his pronunciation, and had seen the shape of his features and the Latin letters written upon the cover of the notebook (like most desert-living Arabs, she had excellent vision) his ancestry seemed to become perfectly obvious. The mere thought of sitting beside an Englishman sent a horrible chill down her spine. How naive she was! She, believing that this solitary figure could be the Boabdil of her brother's stories! No, he was no Arab, nor was he a Turk- he was something far worse, and something to be undoubtedly feared, but feared differently, for she knew that the British did not fight the way the Turks did, with intimidation and by instilling fear. They fought with logic and science. They intimidated people with their power, which extended limitlessly around the world. How did she know this? The day the British travelled through Rabegh was a sight to behold; women and small babies, boys and girls, old toothless women with their horrible yellow eyes upturned to the world, flies whirling around them like a cloud of vultures- women who waited for their Abdullah to come home from war, crawled out from the mud to see the British parade through town. The British came like an unstoppable wave, their uniforms a brilliant scarlet, their buttons shiny and golden. Trumpets and bugles blared in the silky air, and it was as if Rabegh had suddenly been transported back to some fantastic parade of British superiority in Europe. The soldiers marched in perfect synchrony, their magnificently polished boots thumping against the beaten path. Leading them was a plump, dark man who smiled and waved as if he expected the denizens to fall at his feet in utter awe. Men on horseback surrounded him, the coats of their chestnut stallions glittering in the morning light. Strangely enough, a woman followed on horseback. It was quite shocking and unusual for the girl, for our heroine had never seen a British woman before. The woman's skin was pale and smooth, her dark hair was curled and thrown into a bonnet filled with hothouse roses, and she was smiling benignly and lethargically, holding a parasol above her head. She was very beautiful. The girl did not know why they were here, and why this sudden display of power was necessary, but she watched in horror, as one of the local beggars dropped at the feet of the leading individual, evidently giving a plea for help. Our heroine knew that beggars illicit different reactions in Arabia. While some would kindly offer a beggar a few liras, others would spit upon a beggar, and certainly the wise would never give one money- her father told her, some 'beggars' were dangerous- or would simply ask for more money each time until they got their way with you. In any case this old beggar crawled to the foot of the marching band, unable to walk, probably suffering from gangrene, or else just a cripple. As he lifted his arms in a gesture that suggested begging, the woman suddenly gave a sharp cry and grabbed at her bag beside her, making her mount cease its trotting- ultimately halting the whole procession. The dark man at the front of the parade, who now could be seen looking quite dishevelled and annoyed, his moustache soggy against his porous face, gave a sharp bark, and cracked his whip against his fat thigh. Without noticing the cries of the beggar, the woman commenced to throw small coins from horseback. The commotion caused other beggars in the area to make a scramble for the shiny coins, resulting in a full-scale clash as men, women and children made a mad dash to the scene. It was awful. The people punched and tore at each other's hair in their efforts to reach the waterfall of coins, and all the time, the pretty lady laughed with pleasure as if she were watching pigeons swarming for breadcrumbs. Hiding her eyes, the girl waited for this shower to stop, and finally when it did- she was horrified to see the first old man, lying on the ground- having crawled away from the woman with his meagre loot- irrevocably dead from the beating he had just endured. A small sob emanated from the girl's throat, and disgusted and terrified, she watched transfixed as the parade commenced again, and a coal black mare walked straight over the body of the dead man, probably crushing his skull. The girl felt a sudden convulsion inside her, and running as fast as she could into the corner of a dark alley, she retched the contents of her stomach out onto the dusty road. She swore then, that she never again wished to see a Briton. Here she was though, faced with the one of them. In fact, she was sitting directly beside one! 'Do you like fairytales?' The question was so absurd and direct; the girl nearly fell off the stone. The girl was very silent. 'F-f-fairytales?' Stories? The girl thought. 'Yes, like, 1000 And 1 Nights?' he progressed. 'I, I- I don't like fairytales, I'm too old for them,' 'My father used to tell me stories,' she continued a bit hesitantly. 'Not anymore?\" Silence. 'I see,' 'You still like them, don't you?' he pursued. 'N-no, y-yes, maybe...' she mumbled, embarrassed. 'You do,' 'No, I don't!' 'Yes you do, I can see it in your eyes,' She blushed, red as the setting sun, when she realized that he was looking at her. She giggled. 'How did you know?\" 'People tell me I am good at reading people,' he crossed his hands. Smiling he continued to speak 'When I was a boy, I used to love fairytales; about great men, knights in shining armour,' the intensity in his gaze deepened and his pupils dilated. The girl's face went blank. 'Men who did great deeds, and defeated evil, a bit like heroic princes- men who dared,' he translated. 'I wanted to be like them, accomplish their deeds- perhaps even...beat them,' he stated a bit shyly. 'I suppose that's why...' his voice trailed off. He picked up a loose rock and gave another low caramel chuckle. 'There is a lot you can learn from rock,' Still to fearful to say a word, the girl remained deathly silent. 'A lot of secrets can be found in this landscape, secrets that can only be unlocked by the observant,' 'You can either understand it, or fail' A short spasm of laughter ensued. 'I should know,' He turned to look at her with surprising intensity. 'You have no idea what I'm talking about do you?' The wide-eyed girl shook her head in terror, hoping she had not incurred his wrath. He simply sighed, and a shadow crossed his golden face. A minute or two passed as the couple sat in awkward silence looking out over the horizon. Suddenly the man's face lightened and he turned to the girl. He turned around pointing to the narrow street of Rabegh leading into the city center from the desert, shading his eyes with one hand as if he did so all the time. 'Have you ever noticed something about that street?\" 'No...?' 'Guess,' Rather abruptly the girl said 'It's always filled with camel shit,' The two burst out laughing so hard that they gripped their sides and keeled over, wiping tears from their eyes. It was so random, and suddenly all formality and tension between the two were gone. 'Close, but no cigar!' he laughed. 'What?' the girl answered confused. 'Just an expression' he exclaimed. 'I don't know,' she shrugged, once again fearing she had said the wrong thing. Succulently, as if he was enjoying a delicious morsel of meat, playing the rich flavours on his tongue, the man whispered conspiratorially 'Only one camel can pass through,' A bit stunned, the girl looked at the figure as if he was weak in the mind. 'Pardon?' 'One camel,' he whispered again gleefully, rubbing his palms together. 'What does that mean?' Again, 'Guess,' He does like guessing games, the girl thought. 'There would only be enough pistachios for a merchant of nuts and sweets to eat on his way here, and not enough for him to sell upon his arrival. If there was a larger street, then he could have brought his whole caravan, and he would not have had this problem.' She smiled at her wise thinking. 'Any other guesses?' The girl thought hard, and suddenly the answer became clear as if the sun had shone a beam directly upon it. 'Beggars! Beggars could attack the camel!' the girl cried triumphantly, throwing her arms in the air. 'Yes, yes, very good!' he smiled broadly nodding his head. 'You are starting to think like a general!' 'They could swoop down from the buildings! A whole horde of them! Just like in Ali Baba, and kidnap the merchant and take him to a secret cave where they store their riches-' 'Exactly, exactly, perfect!' the man interrupted. 'You are very smart,' 'Tell me, was your family once Bedouin?\" 'My, my, family?\" 'Yes,' This was indeed an unusual question. She did not know much about the 'Bedouin', all she knew was that they were people who lived in the far reaches of the desert and, unhindered by weather or thirst, simply trod on into the blue, their caravans of camels behind them, stretching off in infinite numbers. She had seen them once heading in from the great Nefud Desert which stretched from the east. Then she remembered her brother. 'My brother married the daughter of a man who hated the congestion of Rabegh and therefore moved to the green water-bearing valley of Bisha, not many miles from here. Because of this man's weak clan affiliations, he was continually being relocated by stronger tribes who wanted the scanty bits of land he had managed to cultivate. It was horrible, and his family barely had food to eat, even though they were living in such a prosperous area. Finally, after having his house and all his belongings burned to the ground only a couple of weeks after moving to a northern valley named Dawasir, he came back to Rabegh, a broken man who was pitied by everyone as a person who tried to escape crushing poverty (a dream many had), but who had failed in the process. With the pity funds he collected from the town, he managed to buy a small herd of sheep and goats- and found himself gazing farther and farther into the Nefud. When my brother married his daughter, the dream of becoming a Bedouin became a reality, at least for my brother, his son-in-law. The man was too old and sick now to 'become' a Bedouin, but it was not too late for his new son-in-law. My brother took his flock and with his father-in-law's blessing started a new life out there...' the girl pointed out into the desert, where the sun was creeping down in the sky. 'After that, we never saw him again. A merchant we knew from Yemen told us he thought he saw him at a camel market in Damascus, he said that his wife was with him, that they had two children, and that my brother had grown a beard. I didn't believe him, my brother would never just leave and not come back,' sadness and the slightest hint of fear edged her voice, as if she was trying to convince herself that it was not true. 'I might have known your brother,' The girl's head almost snapped off her shoulders. 'Then again, I have known a lot of men, but everyone's story is different, and I love listening to people's stories, yours in particular,' he gesticulated with his hands. 'I believe that to understand a people, or to understand a person, you must sit with them, listen to what they have to say, ask questions, learn about their families, spend time with them, weeks and months even,' 'Do you know where your brother went?\" he continued. The girl thought to herself. 'I think he went inland, that is all I know.' The Sharif-man smiled and his leathery skin stretched across his tanned face, 'Here on the coast, you have the Ansaria, and to the east you will find the Kurds, interrupt me if I'm wrong, followed by the Arab Circassians in the north, Persian Ismaelis, Greek Christians on the coast near Palestine, Sullis, Witawalli Shir- am I doing alright?' The girl's throat was dry. '-and right on the edge of Mosel, you have the devil-worshipping Yesidis, now, they keep the loveliest hospitality- and do not laugh, for they are not as bloodthirsty as you may be told!' Shocked and giddy, the girl cried out ' Allah almighty! How do you know so much? – and you a-' 'Almost an Arab?' he was smirking now, his blue eyes glittering. 'Yes,' she grinned back, blown away by his presence, 'Almost an Arab,' 'Almost a Bedouin?\" the girl asked. 'Me? Do I look like one?\" The girl gazed at him for several seconds, admiring his rich golden hair so carefully plaited, the soft folds of the cloth he wore and the kefiyeh that rested atop his shoulders; she also noticed the tired circles under his eyes. Eyes that had seen too much. He looked simple, but magnificent. 'Yes,' she whispered luxiousiously, filled with awe. Once again he gave a jaunty chuckle. 'Yes, yes, indeed, in fact I can travel up to 100 miles a day!' 'No! That is impossible!' 'Indeed not, not only am I extremely strong, but my camels have always been extraordinarily strong as well,' 'You brag! Allah does not like impudence such as yours!' she turned away. 'A difficult feat, but I never brag, I only tell the truth,' 'You lived with the Bedou?\" the girl asked. 'Yes, and as little as I want to admit it, I found the condition gruelling, can you imagine 40 people sleeping in a tent, people dying of cold in the night- the nights out there- out there- are the worst I have ever experienced,' The girl remembered the conditions she lived in - huddled on the second floor of their apartment building with a father who found odd jobs wherever he could. 'I suppose you have a lot of friends, a lot of people who look up to you,' she frowned. 'I once did, people did look up to me, and others, others...' 'I never had many friends, but once I controlled people, people bowed down to me- people who could not see me for who I really was. They loved me and in turn- in turn, I betrayed them. They put their trust in me, and I let them down. Lies, lies- they lived for lies!' He shivered and looked out into the distance, clutching his cloak to him. She saw how pathetic he looked huddled up like that. The girl changed the subject 'What are your favourite qualities in a person?\" 'Kindness, dignity, generosity...I base my life on the 'Seven Pillars of Wisdom,' 'The Seven Pillars of Islam?\" 'Well, not exactly, my 'Seven Pillars' are more a manifestation of the qualities that you expect a person to have,' he explained. 'The first is honour, followed by justice, responsibility, courage, determination, integrity and-' 'All these together I assume will lead you on the path to wisdom?' the girl interrupted doubtfully. 'I hope so, for my life has revolved around these human qualities; perhaps because where I come from they are so hard to come by...' '...maybe even...' the words were thick upon his tongue. 'Maybe even what?\" 'Mercy,' his voice was soft and almost indistinguishable. 'What is mercy ?\" she asked. 'I have never heard this expression!' Indeed the word was unfamiliar to her. 'Mercy, mercy- mercy is helping someone in need, offering your life in exchange for theirs, pitying those less fortunate than you, people at a disadvantage' his voice cracked with emotion. 'Mercy is thinking before you shoot, shoot, shoot... -' he stuttered, his golden tongue turning to lead and his eyebrows etching above his forehead, his breathing heavy and thick. 'Shoot the- the gun?\" the girl looked up with concern in her eyes. 'Yes,' the man dropped his head and the girl's hands became cold and sweaty. Suddenly a scorpion crawled out from under the rock, its sapphire pincers glinting in the air like rare jewels, it was fantastic, so unlike the other dull, stone-coloured arachnids. The girl leaped in the air with horror, but the Sharif-man calmly waited for her to calm down, before picking the scorpion deftly up (it was more afraid then the girl!) and holding it in his hand without a trace of fear. 'Put it down! You will get stung- Allah forbid! Put it down!' He continued to hold it, keeping it at eyelevel. 'What are you doing?!\" 'Calm yourself, it is beautiful, no?' Finally she regained her nerve. 'Yes, it is, I- it is very pretty,' she admitted, but how can you hold it like that?\" 'If you grip the front of the tail and the backlegs this way, you will be safe from its venomous sting, a trick taught to me by the Sharif of Mecca,' She was about to give an astonished retort on how unbelievable it would be to see the Sharif of Mecca, but she stopped herself, because for once, she had met someone who had completely blown her away. She continued to sit, watching him and gazing at the scorpion in his hand that was trying its best to swivel its tail uselessly under his thumb. 'It is very beautiful!' 'Beautiful, but dangerous,' 'A bit like the desert?\" 'Yes, yes, indeed like the desert,' 'I don't suppose you have any more tricks up your sleeve?\" 'Actually, I do. Do you like pretty things?\" 'Oh, I never see many pretty things!' 'Here then,' he pulled out a small lacquered snuff box with a red velvet interior. 'Oh my, thank you!' she breathed, at a loss for words. 'It, it's marvellous! How could you give up such a treasure?' 'You can fill it up with whatever pretty things you find,' he smiled. She turned back to him 'then again, I suppose you are rich,' Silently they gazed over the sand dunes, and much to the girl's surprise, a lone person could be seen walking, like a diminutive doll, over the dunes, slowly but surely, leading his camel behind him, a staff in one hand. 'I sort of look up to the Bedou, they are always moving, never static, they live such a difficult life without ever settling down; yet they accomplish it with ease. They live for the moment, and are as wild and free as the lusty breeze,' the girl softly whispered. 'That was very poetic,' replied the man evidently impressed. 'Life is like a journey. I suppose we can never just stop, and expect that life will catch up with us. We have to continue living, with passion and verve, and we have to live and die for what we believe in,'' she sighed remembering her brother, somewhere out there. The man gave a great sigh as if he was letting something inside him go. 'You are right, in fact I never have met a person more in the right in my life,' Once again that pain, that horror, that exhaustion, came whooshing out of him. Barely audibly he said 'Perhaps I can take up motorcycles,' The sun had disappeared now and twilight was settling over the city, like a blanket of silk. 'Oh-oh I, I have to go now...' she gazed back towards the city with concern. 'My father,' she breathed, not wanting to leave this newfound- not a friend, but a character out of the Arabian Nights. 'No, go, go' he waved and his eyes crinkled. 'Go home,' he motioned. His long sleeves rustled in the evening breeze. She got up slowly, carefully, not losing eye contact with the marvellous seated figure. 'You stay here?\" 'Me, me? I think I will be alright.' 'Thank you' he added, though the girl did not know why. Before she left she turned back to him asking a question she knew she had to utter. 'What is your name?\" 'Lawrence, but most people call me Aurens,' 'Farewell, Aurens', she whispered. 'Now, go home, it is late,' Again that hypnotizing honeyed tone urging her away, away- she scrambled down the slippery rock face again- constantly looking backward at the man who had created such an impression on her, before she melted into the fabric of darkness. ","Summary":" The wind whistled through the stone crevices that littered the coastal city of Rabegh, where a youn"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Supernova","Author":"a-mild-looking-sky","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12463300","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SUPERNOVA tw: Implied references to a canonical rape/sexual assault Aurens was like the sun. He burned from the inside out, fearsome, unstoppable. He came across the desert, its bastard child - not from here and yet, not from anywhere else. He was his own creation and own life-bringer. He thought he was giving them sustenance and vitality, but really, they did not have a choice. They were trapped in his orbit. Any further away and they would fade into cold darkness. But any closer and they would be set ablaze in his violent fires. Ali had seen him perform miracles. He had defied the unforgiving womb of the Anvil. He had returned to her and taken away another of her fallen orphans - Gasim, whose fate was sealed to a waterless demise. He ignored that too. Nothing is written, he said. As if by mere words, he could change everything they had believed for myriad years. Yet then they rode through the town of Aqaba - no longer smelling of the ocean and heady flowers, but flowing blood and scorched flesh - and for an instant, on that perfumed beach, Ali thought his mind may be changed. Nothing is impossible, Aurens insisted. Anything could look beautiful in the spectral haze of the sun. Ali's memories of Aurens were cloaked in its rays. The way it surrounded him like a halo when he dressed in his white robes for the first time. The way it set behind him upon the waves at Aqaba. The way it illuminated him as a phantom atop the train. But that was all he was, truly. A phantom. He was a ghostly shell, and they could pour whatever they wanted into him. He had a million lives, a million identities. And yet not enough to know who he really was, beneath the miracles and the promises and the false idolatry. Something so fierce and bright, and yet so fractured and torn, could never last. Months on and they were sat in the caves outside Dera'a. Aurens' sun had set and all was cold and gloomy in the eclipse. That was what his followers saw now. Was it the truth, or just another lie? Whatever face Aurens put on those days, he could not hold his men together. They saw the cracks in the facade, the collapse of their core star. Ali wondered why he stayed. It was not pleasant to be the moon, isolated in Aurens' shadow. But, like the rest, he was trapped. Though for different reasons. It was not only miracles and Aurens' insistence of hope that kept him there. Something else. It was a cruel irony now that Ali once dressed Aurens in wedding robes. It was a cruel irony now that he threw flowers at his feet at Aqaba. Everything was a cruel irony. That bright white fabric had turned to brown and black, holes torn in it, unclean, impure. Those beautiful red petals had turned to blood stains. Lawrence had dropped them in the sand once. Ali remembered starkly the way the horses and camels trampled them to pieces, bloody scarlet spreading over the desert sand. He had picked them up bit by bit after the raid. It had taken precious time. But maybe he thought if he could force them together again, they could go back to that peaceful, distant beach. He wished he could do the same to Aurens. He was broken now. Every mask, every lie, every persona, smashed to shards. Ali sat at his side after Dera'a, dared to put his hand on his shoulder. He was not burned. \"Come back to me, Aurens,\" he whispered. Come back from where? I never really knew you, he thought. All he knew was that the light his men had once worshipped was gone. It had been extinguished at Dera'a. Ali had heard it happen - made himself listen to Aurens' pain. He could have stopped the soldiers. But after so long in the shadows, he didn't think he could come out. And they could have done worse if he had tried to help. No. What could be worse than this? This - desolation. This distance. This nothingness. Ali laid down carefully behind Aurens. His wounds had been bound a hundred times, and yet they still bled. Maybe Aurens was letting them. He had spilt much in his whirlwind across Arabia, now it was his own that flowed. \"Let me help you,\" Ali begged once more. Aurens did not reply. The golden immortal's mortality had suddenly been displayed in front of him. There was no lie to hide behind this time. Ali could only deal with what had been left. He would stay at Aurens' side for as long as Aurens could stand, or as long as his own heart could bear. Many had already had their share, taking a slice of what Aurens had given of himself. He was scattered across Arabia - the country he claimed to love and yet had driven into chaos. Was that how he told them he loved them? Or was it because he vowed to see them through that destruction? Ali was a hypocrite. He had let Aurens destroy himself, just like this land, and yet... \"I love you,\" he whispered one night. \"No matter who you are.\" Aurens stayed frozen. Ali thought he hadn't heard - almost hoped that was the case. But then, as he laid down in the darkness again, Aurens' voice, cracked and unused, said: \"That is impossible.\" And Ali realised how far they had come from those golden days in Aqaba. The flowers were dead. The sea was filled with blood. The fires had gone out and only ashes remained. Their fate had been written. Miracles were impossible. A/N: So I haven't written any Lawrence of Arabia fanfiction for ages, but my pal Cat suggested a prompt to me on Tumblr which was: 'Muse 1 comforts Muse 2 during a breakdown' and as she's just rewatched LoA (our friendship basically started because of that movie haha), she thought it might suit that prompt well. I really enjoyed going back into this fandom and settling back into that angsty style (which creeps into my original fiction a lot as well). I love these two characters a lot, and their dynamic is one of my favourite relationships in a movie. In my opinion, it comes across as a romantic one, maybe one-sided. As David Lean said about it: \"We thought we were being very daring at the time\". Anyway, I could talk for ages about the nuances of their interactions and relationship, but it would end up longer than the actual fanfic so I'll stop XD Hope you enjoyed this, feedback always appreciated :) Oh, and if you want this, just longer, I have another similar fanfic called 'Brighter than the Sun'. ","Summary":" SUPERNOVA tw: Implied references to a canonical rape/sexual assault Aurens was like the sun. He bur"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Something of Revelation","Author":"Tiamat's Child","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1392097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Something of Revelation Author Tiamat's Child Rating: Hard PG-13, or possibly a soft R, I'm a bad judge. Due to psychological nastiness, in any case. Fandom: Lawrence of Arabia Pairing: None. At all. Honest. Disclaimer: These versions of these men belong to David Lean. It was his mad opus, he gets the credit. Summary: In which Lawrence makes a most unpleasant discovery about himself. Author's Notes: Don't look at me. I was in the mood for fluff, or at least as fluff as you can get with LoA. The blasted muses had other plans. This thing freaks even me out. Something of Revelation The gun is lowered and Lawrence watches the man's eyes because he can't look away. It's not possible, he needs to watch, as that is his duty. An executioner must watch his victim's eyes. He is cheap, if he does not. Someone told Lawrence once that you can see your future in the eyes of a man you're about to kill. All Lawrence can see is fear. And fear is there, in him, bright and cold somewhere behind his breastbone. But there is anticipation too, and a keen knowledge of power he has never even almost had before, trembling and ready in his limbs and joints. Lawrence pulls the trigger, and there is a sharp report and a quick jerk. The fear and anticipation gather and spike, turning his knees and arms strong and weak at once. His breath is caught by a fierce joy, held close and tight by a triumphant satisfaction. One beat of time, two, and Lawrence throws the gun from himself as hard as he can manage, whirling away, needing escape. He's never felt anything quite this good before. The sand, at least, is as firm in its yielding as it always is as he strides across it, holding himself rigid. He tries to ignore the fact that the tension in his shoulders is really rather pleasant, just as he tries to ignore Ali's attempt to calm him, to comfort, to piece back together something that is broken now. He mustn't listen. Ali doesn't understand. Ali thinks that Lawrence is upset because the man is dead (no names for those killed, it makes it safer), because fate and the desert took him despite all that Lawrence tried to do. Ali doesn't know how horrible Lawrence is, under his pretty words and pretty deeds. Ali is a far better man than Lawrence, because it doesn't even occur to Ali that Lawrence might have enjoyed killing. Lawrence keeps walking, pulling away from Ali. He won't listen. He mustn't. Not now. Now he doesn't want to hear a word the other man might have to say. There should be blood on Lawrence's robes. ","Summary":" Title: Something of Revelation Author Tiamat's Child Rating: Hard PG-13, or possibly a soft R, I'm "},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Ali and the Sands of Time","Author":"Amberlee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3885088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pleasennote that this is pure movie version stuff and not based on the realnevents described in Seven Pillars. As one might expect, Hollywoodntook plenty of liberty with Lawrence's text just as I have takennliberties with David Lean's representations of Ali and Lawrence. nThis was originally written and posted to my LJ in March of 2004. Ali and the Sands of Time Thosenthat do not live in the desert call it barren. They say it is a placenwithout life. The English do not see the life before them in thensand. They see only emptiness because in the solitude of the desertnthey discover their souls are barren and without honor. It angersnthem and so they covet our desert like the Turks before them. ButnMerciful Allah, his name be praised, is in all things. Even where thenground becomes so hot that to touch it will blister your skin, therenis the Hand of God. Where there is the Hand of God there is life –nto be given and taken away though Will and Law. The desert is thentest of our faithfulness and those who pass shall find the paradisenof the ancient gardens and the bounty of the Lord. Inmet el Aurens at a well. It was Written - our meeting in thatnauspicious place. He called me barbarous and cruel. I thought himnarrogant and condescending. Later he goaded me to Akaba with fiftynmen and blasphemed that Allah could not write his fate in the Book ofnLife. Inntime, I wondered if he was right. Aurensnchanged me. He molded me a different man than I once was. He was notnlike the other English. His hair and skin were fair like the othersnbut his eyes and heart were not the same. When Aurens stood with menand faced the rising of the sun I saw in his eyes what I felt in mynown heart – a longing for the sand and open spaces from which thenprophets came; a yearning for the past of my people to become thengrandeur of their future. Whennwe had passed through the sun's anvil together I burned his clothesnand gave to him the robes of a Sharif. They were made for me by thenhands of my grandmother -- white with golden trimmings innanticipation of the day when I would marry. I made the desert hisnbride that day and he made Arabia mine. Bynturns I hated, resented, respected, loved, and feared Aurens. Incursed him. I desired him. I held him in my arms like a child afternthey broke him in Deraa. I tended him by my own hand and would let nonother touch him. My heart bled for what they did to him – to hisnbody and his spirit. Once,nI threw garlands at his feet. I told him one gave tribute to a princenand flowers to a man. Aurens said that he was neither and when Inasked him what he was he told me, \"I don't know.\" Perhapsnhe was a demon or a Jinn, I cannot say. Aurens was like the desertnwind that blows hot, harsh, and full of passion -- he gathered men tonhim like grains of sand and flung them out to lash against thenunworthy. Innthe end, I became just another grain of sand. Henis gone now, my Aurens. He will never return to this desert. The Handnof God that led him to this land has revoked favor and he is nonlonger beloved by any but me. I wonder, when I stand and face thenrising of the sun over the desert sands, if I shall see him againnbefore I die. I should like to tell him, just once, that I loved himnbest of all. ","Summary":" Pleasennote that this is pure movie version stuff and not based on the realnevents described in Sev"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Trading Verses","Author":"Tiamat's Child","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1450441","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Trading Verse Author: Tiamat's Child Rating: G Fandom: Lawrence of Arabia Pairing: Lawrence/Ali Disclaimer: These versions of these men are David Lean's. I'm just borrowing. Summary: Poetry can be a very good form of entertainment. Notes: Written in 30 minutes for Contrelamontre's Open Beginning challenge, time limit of 30 minutes. The first three stanzas of poetry are from The Ode of Tarafah, a good example of early Arabic love poetry. Yes, I know, but the parts I'm quoting are from the second half, which is about trying to forget the beauty of the beloved. The fourth stanza is from a poem by a woman named Maysun, who lived in 600's and was the wife of a caliph. He banished her to the desert for it. Not much of a punishment, really… And, finally, the poem Lawrence recites is from the Middle Ages, the work of a woman named Louise Labe, who wrote a great deal of very frank love poetry. Admittedly, she's obscure, but the poem was simply too good to pass up. Trading Verse When the people demand, \"Who's the hero?\" I suppose myself intended, and am not sluggish, not dull of wit; I am at her with the whip, and my she-camel quickens pace what time the mirage of the burning stone-tract shimmers; elegantly she steps, as a slave-girl at a party will sway, showing her master skirts of a trailing white gown. The soft murmur of the camp hovers about the men. It seems to Lawrence that the noise is afraid to venture out away from the light and meager warmth afforded by the fires. It would be easy to take a mental step back and think on that, draw the tangle of it out into a full thing, a waking dream of words. But there are other's words to tend to, so he lets his mind stay where it is. I am not one that skulks fearfully among the hilltops, but when the folk seek my succor I gladly give it; if you look for me in the circle of the folk, you'll catch me. Come to me when you will, I'll pour you a flowing cup, and if you don't need it, well, do without and good luck to you! ","Summary":" Title: Trading Verse Author: Tiamat's Child Rating: G Fandom: Lawrence of Arabia Pairing: Lawrence/"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Walk On Water","Author":"willshakespeare-immortalbard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6972281","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N—This is a friendship fic. Once again, I don't own Lawrence of Arabia . That belongs to the wondrous David Lean. Many thanks to for the script, which is where I got the quotes. Please read and review. Many thanks to all my readers, followers, and reviewers. I've been checking the traffic and am very pleased with what I see! willshakespeare-immortalbard WALK ON WATER \"Now may I speak?\" Ali stared at the crouching man, watching as he wrung out the frayed and filthy white cloth that Ali himself had given him that morning that seemed so long ago now. Then, he had been merely an Englishman—albeit one who accomplished a feat unheard of. Now he was different. Now he blew up trains, he led troops of whooping Arabs down sandy slopes towards stopped carriages, he danced along rooftops, posing for the camera, and he proclaimed himself invincible, disregarding the angry wound on his shoulder. Now he was more Arab than English, though he could never truly be one of them. But he could never, ever , be an Englishman again. That had disappeared the day that he rode back into Akaba, dirty, beleaguered and haunted by the death of the boy that he had led into Sinai. \"Yes,\" Aurens answered, shaking hot water from his hands and sitting back on his heels. He glanced at Ali, his brilliant blue eyes glittering defensively. \"Aurens,\" Ali said, \"one more failure, and you will find yourself alone.\" The pipe in his hands sent smoke spiraling up into his face, where it blocked Aurens' face from view. They sat in silence for a moment, Ali waiting for an answer that the Englishman apparently couldn't answer. Ali spoke again, softening his voice. \"I do not count myself.\" Aurens' answered swiftly. \"I do not include the others.\" Ali rose quickly, leaving his seat, dropping the pipe carelessly to the sand. He went over to Aurens and crouched down, so that his eyes could meet the Englishman's. In their deep blue, he could see a reflection of his dark eyes. \"So, say they love you: the more reason to the thrifty with them. Give them something to do that can be done.\" He waved a hand in front of Aurens' face, suppressing the urge to slap him. \"But you?\" His voice rose. \"No, no, they must move mountains for you: they must walk on water.\" Aurens stared at him, and his blue eyes snapped and crackled just like the small fire burning beneath the dark pot that still bubbled with boiling water. \"That's right,\" he said coldly, glaring at Ali. \"That's right! Who are you to know what can be done?\" His voice grew sharp, biting, almost hateful. \"If we'd done what you thought could be done, we'd be back in Yenbo now, and nowhere. Whatever I ask them to do , can be done, that's all. They know that if you don't.\" Ali took a deep breath. He hadn't expected the torrent of words, and he certainly hadn't expected the sudden burst of hate that Aurens had poured on him. He opened his mouth to speak, but Aurens beat him to words. \"Do you think I'm just anybody Ali?\" the Englishman's voice was softer now, his hate gone, replaced by firm determination. \"Do you?\" Ali had no answer. He looked away and heard Aurens rise. Looking up, he saw Aurens heading for the flap that led to the main part of the tent, where the others waited. Rising, he followed, unable to resist. \"My friends,\" Aurens said, clutching his robe to him as he entered the room. \"Who will walk on water with me?\" Ali felt his jaw drop. He was asking such madness? Even in metaphor, it was the height of conceit. \"Who will come with me into Da'ra?\" It also only served to incense the tired Bedu army, because the answer Aurens got was enough to make him scowl. \"Da'ra is garrisoned,\" one of the men said, looking up scornfully from his gun. \"Will you take twenty against two thousand?\" \"I'll go by myself if I have to,\" Aurens replied. \"Why?\" the man demanded. \"Because I told the English generals the Arab revolt will be in Da'ra when they will be in Jerusalem.\" The man answered belligerently, \"Or perhaps you are here for the English generals.\" Aurens was taken aback. \"Who says this?\" Ali cut in, supplying the answer bluntly before the man could jeer. \"Rumor.\" A pause, and then Aurens spat at the man's feet. \"That is not an argument,\" the man said angrily, pointing at the ground, where Aurens' spit was still visible against the bright sand. \"No argument,\" the Englishman replied coldly. He faced off the group of mutinous men. \"This afternoon, I will take the Arab revolt into Da'ra while the Arabs argue.\" He headed for the door, but the man—Ali was ready to give him a piece of his mind—called after him, \"Aurens! Can you pass for an Arab in an Arab town?\" Aurens nodded. \"Yes, if one of you would lend me some dirty clothes.\" Ali knew, and he knew that Aurens knew, that he would come also. Together, they would walk on water. ","Summary":" A/N—This is a friendship fic. Once again, I don't own Lawrence of Arabia . That belongs to the wond"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Transfigure","Author":"Tiamat's Child","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1375499","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Transfigure Author: Tiamat's Child Fandom: Lawrence of Arabia Pairing: mild Lawrence/Ali Rating: PG-13 Summary: The desert has always been a place of transformation… Disclaimer: These versions of 'em are David Lean's. And the scriptwriters', but I can't remember their names. Anyway, they don't really belong to me, but I doubt anyone really cares, and I want to play. No harm is meant. Transfigure Tiamat's Child The desert burns away nearly everything, refusing to hide from the eyes of the sun. What does not burn is frozen to nothing, cracking at the distant touch of the night sky. Lawrence watches it all, almost afraid not to see the changes in the land. He knows, as he tucks his knee and foot into the saddle each morning, that he already belongs to this place and these people. It is not a matter of love, though he cannot deny that he does love the desert. Rather, it is a matter of need. He can feel his lungs shift, growing to crave dry air heavy with the biting scent of sand. He's almost sure that if he ever leaves he will long for this forever, always needing the endless clarity of the sky, so different from England, where clouds clothe the sun, hiding her from prying eyes. England's sun is prudish and timid, so very unlike this sun, who laughs, unashamed of her nakedness, as she gives life and takes life with the same hands, a glorious, ruthless innocent. And the desert is her lover, chaste and passionate, living because of her. And the desert is claiming Lawrence, burning away his layers of foolish, prudish fog, breaking him open with its heat and its chill, offering him as a gift to the sun and the stars and the moon (so very like her sister, though much colder). Lawrence welcomes it. The desert is clean, the desert is pure (as are its people, in their own peculiar, brutal way), and Lawrence is not. He wants to be. He wants the desert to burn the damp clay that coves him until it cracks and crumples and falls away. He wants to be clean for once. He wants the sun to set him blazing, wants the moon to give him just a little of her icy strength. He wants to be warm. But he isn't, he isn't, he isn't. The desert is changing him, but slow, so slow, not fast enough. He's never really been very good at waiting through a hurt or an ache. He wants to pace, wants to do something to make it come faster, but that's not the way to survive in the desert. The desert demands that it be faced on its own terms. Lawrence doesn't like that, but there's not a thing that he can do about it, so he rides his camel and doesn't let his mind drift or the heat lull him, and he keeps his heart beating. And tonight, when they stop to rest in the evening, he can barely feel his sodden, crumbling edges at all. He's alive, and that hums in him, singing life through the pathways of his blood. Alive, alive, alive! He laughs aloud at the sheer joy of it, to be here, now, with nothing to hem and picket and all too much pure air to breathe. And though it's a small sound that he makes, it rings bright and brassy, bold, in the accustomed stillness of the band. He sees Ali's sudden almost-smile at the shock of his abrupt exuberance, and he forgets entirely about the damp, chill green at the center of him, heavy with his people's greed. Lawrence grins back, delighted to know the secret. Ali is very like the desert. Lawrence will be too, someday. He knows that he is becoming welcome, and that is good. There are things to be done, miracles to work, a way of the world to save. And when he has worked and done what he intends to he will be welcome. Lawrence wonders if Ali ever truly laughs. ","Summary":" Title: Transfigure Author: Tiamat's Child Fandom: Lawrence of Arabia Pairing: mild Lawrence/Ali Rat"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"The Queued Zitherman","Author":"Spleriia Emperor Splerii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12943035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After a hard day of musical practice, Bodi and his close friends were all heading to a Chinese restaurant. Most of them were a bit famished and they wanted to take a bite on some noodles, dumplings and tofu. 'Hey, guys. Want to have something to eat for tonight?' 'Thanks for asking that, mate. I would like to have some noodle for tonight.' Both Darma and Germur nodded in agreement. 'I would like to have some too.' 'Yeah. Me too.' Bodi clapped his paws with a smile. 'Alright then. Let's head to that very restaurant, guys.' 'Wait. I though you like to have pizza?' 'No, Darma. I'll just have to grab a bite on some dumplings for now. Sometimes, my mouth was not in the mood for that.' Angus grinned. 'Hope you're stomach was not in the mood for that too.' The mastiff nervously chuckled. After he sets his guitar aside along with the other musical instruments of his friends, Bodi took his satchel and he turned around. 'Okay. Shall we head on now?' 'Sure thing, Bodi. We'll follow you.' 'Alright.' Bodi, Angus, Darma and Germur left the musical studio on their way en route to the Chinese restaurant. ... The starry night started to appear as the sun finally sank away from the horizon. The city light shone the night skies as pedestrians and rush-hour traffic continued on again and again without any ceases. For the most part, everything seems to be like routine clockwork. As the four of them walked through the streets towards to their nearby destination, they were all chatting with one another. 'So far. I just wanted to practice my guitar skills a bit more.' 'Why, Bodi?' 'Because I wanted to control the energy that was bursting out when I play, Angus.' 'Good point, mutt. At least you could some solid control over it or else, the entire place would be swept away in the shock waves of your blue energetic magic.' 'Yeah. I hope so.' Darma cleared her throat a bit. 'By the way, where did you got that?' 'You mean the blue magic that I was talking about?' 'Yeah.' Bodi shrugged. 'I don't know but maybe that's alternate one of the Mastiff's Paw that my father been training on me long ago, I think.' 'I guess. I was surprised to see that coming when you beaten the wolfs away back in your village.' 'Oh really?' 'Yeah.' The male Tibetan Mastiff chuckled. 'You still feel the sensation of being lifted into the air, Darma?' Darma giggled. 'Quite so.' 'If you wanted to, I'll make you float again in the studio soon.' Germur laughed a bit as Angus places his paw on Bodi's shoulder. 'You really have to, ya mutt? You might blew her away towards to the ceiling or through the walls or windows.' 'I'm just kidding, Angus. If I wanted to make her float with my magical wave, I'll do it in the village. I'm sure the goats would be surprised to see her in the air.' 'Hey! I'm no bird, dude.' 'I know, Darma. Would you like to float with me instead?' The vixen scoffed in a teasing way. 'I would love to see you try, you dorky dog.' Bodi smiled. The four continued on walking through the streets. As they started to approach the restaurant, they passed by the large park. The park was still fairly empty but what makes Bodi and the others stop in their tracks was the calm music of a Chinese zither. 'Hey.' 'What?' 'I could hear something.' 'Yeah. I could hear it too.' 'I wonder where that coming from?' The group turned to the direction of the music towards to the park. 'I think it's coming from the park.' 'Why don't we check it out for a bit?' 'You sure about that, dude?' 'Yes, Germur.' Angus stepped in further. 'Come on, guys. Let's check it out quick.' They ventured to Rock and Roll Park. When the group arrived near to a fountain, they could see a man sitting while playing a guzheng. He was wearing an old all-blue military uniform and had sported with an iconic queue. As the man plucked the zither's strings, the music echoes through the air and throughout the entire park. 'Umm...Excuse me.' The man heard Bodi and he stopped playing to face him. 'Hmm?' 'Well...We don't mean to interrupt you but that was very fine music.' 'Oh really?' 'Yeah.' The man smiled. 'Why thank you. I really do appreciate it, Bodi.' The Tibetan Mastiff and his friends were surprised to hear him saying that. Bodi was totally awe-struck. 'Hey! How did you know my name?' 'I know you very well. In fact, I knew everything.' Angus smirked at his remark. 'Oh ya? Tell us. If you really know everything, what are our names?' The man nodded. 'Your name is Angus Scattergood. The vixen beside you was Darma and that male goat drummer standing beside her was Germur.' Germur coughed a bit in surprise. 'Whoa, man! You're like a seer!' The human chuckled. 'I'm no seer.' Bodi tapped his shoulder. 'W-Who are you?' 'Who am I? My name is Nicholas Wolifo.' 'It's great to meet you, Nicholas.' Bodi extends his paw at the human. Nicholas looked at the canine's paw a bit first before he shaked his paw warmly with a smile. 'Good to meet you and your friends too, Bodi. Where are ya heading to?' 'Oh. We're heading to have a bite on the Chinese restaurant for the night.' 'I see.' 'Would you like to come with us?' 'Well. I...Uhh...' Angus placed his paws on his pockets. 'Come on, man. My mutt just asking you to come and join us. We'll pay for your very meal too.' Nicholas remain silent. 'I..I would love to, guys but I'm not sure about that.' 'What do you mean by that?' 'Umm...I mean I'm not so sure if you do that.' His words were a bit out of character to the others but they simply sets it aside. Thinking that Nicholas was not mentally thinking straight because he was a bit famished or anything, Angus and Bodi persuaded him. 'Please, dude. We insist you to join us.' 'Yeah! Come to the restaurant and eat with all of us for the night.' With a slight feeling of hesitance still on his mind, Nicholas reluctantly agreed to join the entourage. He carried the guzheng over his back. 'Alright. If you guys insist then.' Bodi and the others smiled. 'Thanks.' 'Okay. Where's the restaurant, guys?' 'Follow us, Nicholas. We know the way.' 'Sure thing. Lead the way.' The male human followed the entourage on route to the Chinese restaurant. ","Summary":" After a hard day of musical practice, Bodi and his close friends were all heading to a Chinese rest"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Autógrafo","Author":"Janyo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13175502","Passage":"[Chapter 1] La semana pasada fue un completo bodrio. Mientras nuestra banda se había presentado a tocar en Estadio Nacional de Pekín, yo me la pasé en casa postrada y enferma por una fuerte infección estomacal. Desgraciadamente, todo ese tiempo no estuve sola. Me acompañó en mi dolencia la lunática de mi madre, que quería curarme con los asquerosos remedios caseros que mi abuela le dio a ella cuando era una zorrezna, aunque también en ese tiempo recibí las visitas casi diarias de Bodi, al menos los primeros días, hasta que tuvo que irse a presentar a los ensayos finales y por último, al concierto. El mastín fue muy considerado, atento, detallista y bueno, muy lindo como él suele ser todo el tiempo conmigo; lo único malo fue que tuve que soportar las indirectas muy directas de mi madre sobre 'lo romántico' que era el perro conmigo y que ya le diera el sí. Por suerte, Bodi es muy paciente o quizás muy bobo y no le presta mayor importancia a sus insinuaciones, pero para mí, sintiéndome débil y enferma, era más bochornoso de lo normal, y no, no es que Bodi y yo seamos más que mejores amigos, ambos somos felices así como estamos, pero es horrible que mi madre siga insistiendo con lo mismo. Como sea, después de esa terrible semana y perderme por primera vez uno de nuestros conciertos como banda, por fin estaba recuperada y lo primero que hice fue ir a nuestro lugar de ensayo favorito: La mansión de Angus Scattergood. El pequeño mayordomo robot, Ozzie, me dio la bienvenida y me mostró en su display que Bodi se encontraba en la cocina. Me dirigí hacía allá esperando no enterarme de algún chisme como el del fiasco de la declaración de hace unos meses y llegué al amplio rincón de la casa donde todos nos reunimos a vaciar la nevera de Angus. Aunque como ya se volvió costumbre, me encontré con algo que nunca esperas ver al llegar ahí: Bodi estaba sentado de patas cruzadas sobre la mesa de la cocina, se encontraba muy concentrado escribiendo sobre una toronja con un marcador permanente. Quisiera decir que es lo más raro que visto hacer al perro, pero mentiría. —Hola Bodi, ¿qué estás…? ¡Argh! Me anuncié ante el mastín pero antes de terminar mi saludo, él saltó y corrió directo a mí como un cánido desesperado y me rodeo con sus fuertes brazos, cargándome unos centímetros en el aire. —¡Darma, Darma, Darma! —ladró efusivo el mastín, como si no me hubiera visto en años—. ¡Regresaste, por fin regresaste! —Ja, ja, Bodi, perrito bobo, basta, me vas a sacar las entrañas, ja, ja, ja… Reí complacida por las atenciones de él; Bodi siempre era muy empalagoso con todos y yo no era la excepción, pero este tipo de recibimiento no me lo esperaba del todo; suerte que era él, no le aceptaría esta clase de invasión a mi espacio personal a cualquiera. —Oh, lo lamento Darma. —Muy a mi pesar, él me bajó con cuidado al ras del suelo, pero sus patas siguieron rodeando mi cintura. Por un momento nuestros hocicos quedaron frente a frente, él me vio con una sonrisa tímida y yo se la regresé con algo de rubor debido a la cercanía, aunque no me incomodaba de todo—. Lo siento, ahora que lo pienso, no debí cargarte, te acabas de recuperar del estómago después de todo. El perro se rascó la nuca apenado, en su lugar yo hice algo que no suelo hacer muy seguido: actuar femeninamente, así que enseguida le regalé un breve abrazo tomándolo por el cuello. —No, no te preocupes Bodi, estoy bien, sabes que soy una chica fuerte y que una infección no iba a poder con esta vulpina. Me alegro que no te hayas olvidado de mí, perrito. Nos apartamos una vez más y noté en él algo de vergüenza al mismo tiempo que observaba cómo agitaba la cola de lado a lado, Bodi era incapaz de ocultar su felicidad. —¡Jamás me olvidaría de ti, mejor, mejor amiga! —Oye, ¿que dijimos de eso? Sólo dime Darma o pondrás a Germur celoso —le guiñé el ojo. —Oh sí, claro, je, je. Bodi y yo aún somos los mejores amigos, nada más ha pasado entre los dos y me alegro por eso; no negaré que a veces pienso en él de otra manera, pero ahora mismo, mi amistad con Bodi es lo que más importa y él parece comprenderlo bien. —Y dime, perrito; ¿qué changos hacías pintando todas esas toronjas? ¿Estás muy aburrido o qué? Por alguna extraña razón, mi mejor, mejor amigo se crispó ante el comentario. Parecía como si en vez de haberle hecho una inocente pregunta, le hubiera dicho una obscenidad o algo así. —¿La-la-las to-toronjas? ¿Qué, qué hacía? Bueno… es qué… ah, es que… —¿Qué, qué sucede? ¿Acaso dije algo malo? El perro agachó la mirada y tocó las puntas de sus dedos índices. —Es que… pensarás que es una tontería. —Tranquilo cachorro, eso ya lo tengo por sentado, contigo siempre es así. —Ah bueno… ¡oye! Bodi reaccionó tarde como siempre a mi insulto y yo reí por su clásica y tierna ingenuidad. Después de hacerlo fruncir el ceño, supuse que bastaría para relajarlo. —Je, je, sólo bromeo, vamos dime, prometo no burlarme. —Eso no es lo que me preocupa… —mencionó nervioso. —¿Qué? Bueno, dímelo y ya, lo haces sonar como si fuera algo grave. ¿Qué tiene de malo unas toronjas? ¡Ya cuéntame! —Oh, está bien, es que verás… el día que fue el concierto, al terminar fuimos a una sesión de autógrafos, como ya sabes, todos los fans se forman para que el sr. Scattergood les firme sus libretas, posters o hasta sus… hasta sus… Por alguna razón, Bodi empezó a apretar la toronja que tenía en su pata y comenzó a balbucear sin control, como si tuviera algo atorado en el hocico o no supiera cómo decirme algo bochornoso; pero como había entendido su punto, lo apresuré para que prosiguiera hablando. —Sí, sí, ya sé, ¿pero dime qué tiene que ver eso con las toronjas? —Lo que pasó es que vino una chica a mí y me pidió un autógrafo en sus… —¿¡Una chica!? ¿Qué clase de chica? ¿Qué especie era? —pregunté algo ansiosa, no sabía porque. —Pues… era una… no sé, parecía una especie de felina, pero recuerdo que sus orejas era muy curiosas, tenían mechones negros que salían de sus puntas. —Era una lince, supongo. ¿Y cómo era ella? ¿Era bonita o qué? —Pues sí, era linda, bastante, de hecho. Recuerdo que tenía un pelaje más exótico y mucho más llamativo que el tuyo y… A este perro babas aún no le he enseñado a no comparar hembras con otras… especialmente conmigo. —¡No me refiero a eso, zoquete! Y a todo esto, ¿qué rábanos tiene que ver con lo de las toronjas y…? —Oh cierto, lo que pasó es que ella se acercó a mí y pues… me pidió que diera mi autógrafo y yo, pues… —¿Qué pasó? ¿Era tan bonita que te quedaste viéndola o qué? —susurré nada celosa. —No, no, no… bueno, sí era bastante atractiva… Bodi… —… pero no le pude dar mi autógrafo porque… yo no sé como hacer uno. Awwww, mi vido. ¿Así que sólo era eso? El menso no tenía una firma que ofrecerle a esa ofrecida. Bueno, me pareció tierno de su parte, aunque no sé porqué tanto alboroto por un simple autógrafo. —Oh, ya veo, ¿y entonces qué hiciste? —Como le dije que no podía dárselo, se conformó con que le diera un beso. ¡BODI, PEQUEÑO HIJO DE...! —¿¡Qué tú qué!? ¿¡Te besuqueaste con una perfecta extraña!? —grité histérica. El méndigo perrito rió despreocupado, llevándose una pata a la nuca. —Pues bueno, me sentí tan mal de no poderle darle un autógrafo mío que le di un beso y… Machos, ¡todos son iguales! —¿Y por eso tenías que restregarle tus labios en los suyos? Déjame adivinar, ¿seguro hasta le metiste la lengua, verdad? ¡Ugh! —Cerré los ojos asqueada al imaginarme a Bodi compartiendo babas con otra fulana— ¿Sabes qué? ¡Mejor no quiero saberlo! —Pero Darma… —¡Olvídalo, mejor dime la verdad, zonzo! —¡Darma! Sólo le di un beso en la mejilla, ella era una fan y una total desconocida, jamás haría algo así con una chica que apenas conozco —contestó serio y con sinceridad—. Papá me enseñó hace tiempo que esa clase de besos sólo debo darlos cuando tenga novia o esposa, pues sólo debe hacerse con alguien muy, muy especial para uno. Me di una palmada en la cara, mis terribles celos de una amiga únicamente preocupada por la seguridad afectiva de mi mejor, mejor amigo (¡Y nada más!) me hicieron imaginarme esa clase de idioteces, ¿cómo pude ser tan tonta? Bodi era la inocencia encarnada, seguro él ni sabía de dónde vienen los bebés, no sé porque me imaginé esas cosas. —¿De verdad, Bodi? —Así es Darma. ¿Te lo dije la otra vez, recuerdas? Nunca he besado así a una chica. —Oh… ya veo, je, je —reí avergonzada—. Cielos, lo lamento, no sé porque me imaginé eso y me preocupé demás. —¿Por qué te importa tanto eso? —Ah bueno… La pregunta de Bodi, ingenua pero al mismo tiempo astuta, me agarró de bajada, la verdad ni yo misma sé porque fantaseo con estupideces a veces, tal vez heredé esa disparatada imaginación y exageración de la loca de mi madre, o tal vez como su mejor, mejor amiga despertó un lado sobreprotector de mí que no conocía. —Este… pues.. verás, yo… —Por algún extraño motivo, no podía articular palabra y sentía un insólito rubor en la cara. Sacudí la cabeza con tal de refrescarme un poco y tras pensarlo con detenimiento, me enfoqué en mi duda previa—… ¡Por qué soy tu amiga y me preocupas! Pero olvida eso y respóndeme de una condenada vez. ¿A qué viene lo de las cochinas toronjas en toda esa anécdota? —Oh pues que después del concierto, le pregunté al sr. Scattergood sobre qué podía hacer para que no me volviera a pasar ese problema con la chica; él me dijo que la solución era practicar con toronjas. —¿Qué demonios? ¿Y eso cómo te ayudará a hacer un autógrafo? Por lo que entendí ni siquiera tienes una firma. —Es lo que le traté de decir al sr. Scattergood, pero él me respondió que él así aprendió, que si podía aprender a firmar un autógrafo sobre la toronja más grande y jugosa que encontrara, podría hacerlo en donde quisiera. Bueno, si algo caracteriza a Angus es su excentricismo y sus métodos poco ortodoxos para la enseñanza; él es de los que le parece aburrido enseñar las cosas fundamentales y se salta lecciones pensando que aprenderás lo que hace falta en la marcha; básicamente hace que aprendas como una águila: te arroja a un precipicio antes de decirte cómo volar, esperando que despiertes tus instintos. Para prodigios musicales como Bodi parecía una forma asombrosa de enseñarle lo que a él le tomó años en perfeccionar, pero desde mi punto de vista, fuera del ámbito musical, Bodi es algo… digamos torpe para aprender. —¿Y por eso has estado escribiendo sobre cáscara y desperdiciando fruta desde entonces? —No, desperdiciar no; me voy a comer cada una de las toronjas que consiguió Ozzie. —Bodi se agachó y debajo de la mesa levantó dos enormes costales llenos de esas voluptuosas esferas de un color rojizo—. Aunque creo que le pediré una pata a Germur porque no creo acabármelas yo solo, ja, ja, ja. —Estás loco perrito, ¿lo sabías? —lo regañé más divertida que seria—. ¡Esto es excesivo! Pero bueno, ¿al menos has progresado con el método para firmar como Rock-Star, patentado por Angus Scattergood? —Je, je… pues sobre eso… El mastín me llevó a la mesa donde había unas docenas de toronjas esparcidas y claramente entintadas, al mirarlas de cerca vi que la cáscara tenía impresa los garabatos propios de un cachorro aprendiendo a escribir, lo cual no estaba lejos de la realidad. —Y bien perrito, dime, ¿cuál de estas esferas de vitamina C es tu mejor intento hasta ahora? —Oh, creo que debe ser… sí, es esta, ¿qué tal? Él me mostró lo que parecía ser una mancha de Rorschach, pues difícilmente veía ahí el nombre de Bodi, o una letra siquiera. —¿Y bien, Darma? —No te ofendas, pero se ve del asco. Enseguida vi las orejas y los ánimos del perro descender. —Eso pensé. Tal vez Bodi tenía cientos de cosas por aprender, pero no más que yo y mi falta de tacto, así que sería mejor empezar haciendo ambas. —Pero no te desanimes, perrito; ¡por suerte puedes contar conmigo para que te ayude a hacerte un autógrafo! —¿De verdad? —El mastín agitó su cola y me sonrió—. ¿Harías eso por mí? —¡Claro! ¿Para qué son los amigos? —¡Los mejores, mejores amigos? —Bodi… —Oh, sí, sí, es un secreto para no encelar a Germur, claro, claro. —Hizo un ademán con su pata simulando cerrar un cierre imaginario sobre su hocico. No era una experta en firmas, pero creo que sí podría hacer una lo bastante buena para que Bodi no tenga que estarle regalando besos a una que otra fulana. Aprovechando que Bodi aún vive en la casa de Angus, decidí pasar la tarde en su habitación, donde le di un poco de clases de caligrafía, además de evitarle al perrito la tentación de pararse por un bocadillo a media lección, bueno, y también porque me gustaba pasar un poco de tiempo a solas con el mastín sin interrupciones de Angus o Germur. En el escritorio de su habitación donde suele escribir canciones o partituras, Bodi se encontraba trazando con un bolígrafo su nombre en diferentes estilos, mientras yo estaba sentada a su lado, aconsejándolo. Sin embargo y pese al entusiasmo inicial, no habíamos progresado mucho. —¿Qué tal ahora, Darma? —Un poco mejor que la que hiciste en la toronja y con mejor letra pero… no parece un autógrafo, y menos el de una futura estrella de Rock. —Oh vaya, ¿y qué crees que le falta? —Bueno, como dije, no soy una experta en esto, pero creo que una firma debe ser única y difícil de replicar, algo exótica y que sea distintiva de ti. —¿Cómo la del sr. Scattergood? —Exactamente, algo así, ¿Aún tienes la guitarra que te autografió? —¡Por supuesto! Enseguida, el mastín tomó de la pared el primer regalo sincero de parte de Angus para él y al voltearla me enseñó esa inmortal firma del felino súper estrella. —Observa Bodi: este garabato de aquí es claramente la marca de Angus, y no lo sé sólo por el nombre, pues podrían existir otros animales llamados igual que él, incluídos los fans más enfermos que se cambiaron el nombre o se lo pusieron a sus hijos en su honor… —¿De verdad? —Sí, pero concéntrate; el punto es que su firma destaca bastante, algunas letras son más grandes que otras y el hecho de que tenga forma de guitarra no es coincidencia, deja muy en claro su pasión por el rock y la música, ¿lo entiendes? —Oh, creo que sí… entonces eso es lo que me falta, hacer una firma tan gloriosa como la del señor Scattergood. —Sí, más o menos. Eso y mejorar un poco tu escritura, el palito de esa 'd' minúscula nunca toca el círculo. —Oh, chispas. —Je, je; además, creo que una firma luce mejor en cursiva, ¿por qué no lo intentas con letra manuscrita? —¿Letra manus qué? —¿No sabes qué es eso? Con razón, bueno, te voy a enseñar rápidamente cómo escribir tu nombre y luego quiero que lo intentes tú, ¿de acuerdo? —Positivo, Darma. El perrito me vio muy atento escribir su nombre en cursiva, me faltaba algo de práctica, pero gracias a que mamá aún ocupa esta desusada caligrafía (algo anticuada, pero en mi opinión, muy hermosa) todo el tiempo, no fue difícil hacerlo. —Listo, ahí está. —Wow… sí que se ve distinto, y tienes una linda letra, Darma. —Ay, ¿tú crees? Je, je, gracias perrito, no es la gran cosa, pero bueno —reí algo apenada—. En fin, ahora inténtalo tú. —Claro. El mastín trató de escribir su nombre, pero los trazos le quedaron toscos y cuadrados en vez de suaves y circulares. —¿Qué tal lo hice? —No muy bien, casi no se parece, debes dibujarlo con más cuidado. Hazlo otra vez. —¿Qué tal ahora? —No, no… fíjate bien, debe ser más ovalada esta parte de la 'B', vamos, vuelve a hacerlo. Estuvimos unos minutos más tratando de que Bodi lo hiciera bien, pero sólo consiguió progresar poco y comenzar a impacientarse. —Darma, no puedo, es más difícil de lo que creí. —Vamos Bodi, no es tan complicado; mira, inténtalo de nuevo, está vez yo te guío. Mientras el mastín comenzó a dibujar de nueva cuenta, yo me puse de pie y me acerqué a él por su espalda, luego estiré el brazo y coloqué mi pata sobre la suya, me costó un poco de trabajo porque su zarpa es más grande que la mía, pero aún así pude controlar su patota para ayudarlo a escribir como yo quería. —¿Darma, que ha…? —Sólo pon atención como hacer el trazo, primero lo haces así, luego… Como lo haría una maestra, le enseñé a Bodi como escribir su nombre, y aprovechando la cercanía que tenía con el perrito, repetimos el ejercicio un par de veces para que quedara claro. Al noveno intento, el mastín ya lo hacía prácticamente por su cuenta sin que yo lo dirigiera. —¡Lo estoy haciendo Darma! —Muy bien, cachorrito; ahora, hazlo tú solo. Aparté mi zarpa de la de él y Bodi escribió casi perfectamente su nombre en cursiva. —¡Eso es, ya lo tienes! —Je, je, je. Ambos reímos complacidos por unos segundos, pero al poco tiempo el perro se calló de pronto; al abrir los ojos para ver porque había parado, noté que sus mejillas estaban algo rojas y me miraba incómodo. Caí en cuenta de que mi pecho se apoyaba sobre su espalda y que nuestros hocicos se hallaban demasiado juntos. Ahora era yo la que invadía su espacio personal sin darme cuenta. —Darma, —musitó el mastín—, hueles muy bien. —¿Qué? ¿Qué cosas dices perrito? —contesté apurada—. ¡De-de-decir algo así es muy descortés para una chica! —No, no me entiendes, siempre me ha gustado como hueles, —me comentó sonrojado—. pero justo ahora… cuando te recargaste en mi hombre para tomar mi pata, con tu cuerpo tan cerca del mío, detecté mucho mejor tu aroma… y es... bastante agradable… y dulce... La nariz del perro se acercó peligrosamente a mi cuello y por alguna extraña razón, no me importó que lo hiciera; pero al sentir su tibia respiración bajo mi barbilla, me ericé y regresé a la realidad. —¡Lo siento Bodi! Me alejé de él de inmediato, sintiendo cierto hormigueó en el estómago, ya estábamos acostumbrados a ser más cercanos, ¿por qué me daba pena? ¿Y por qué Bodi se ruborizaba conmigo? —Lo-lo-lo hi-hiciste muy bien, pe-pe-perrito, ahora con esa linda letra, intenta diseñar un autógrafo, ¿de acuerdo? —Cla-claro Darma. Después de eso no hubo nada más interesante que contar, de hecho fue algo aburrido ver que el perro probara distintas formas de adornar su firma, aunque por parte de Bodi, él se veia muy entretenido dibujando distintos estilos; después de unos minutos, el mastín se volvió a frustrar y me pidió más sugerencias para su autógrafo. —¿Por qué no intentas dibujar algo que te guste? ¿Qué te gusta mucho, Bodi? —¡La música! —Pues por ahí puedes comenzar a hacer algo y… —Pero la firma del sr. Scattergood también tiene el tema de la música, y no quiero que mi firma se parezca a la de él. —Hummm… buen punto, aunque creo que podrías hacer algo diferente, no lo descartemos aún. ¿Y qué otra cosa te gusta mucho? —¡La comida! —No lo dudo, pero siento que no es un tema apropiado para una estrella de Rock. —Tienes razón, podría darme hambre y desconcentrarme. Bodi puso un dedo en su barbilla, yo rodé los ojos. Perrito bobo. —¿Alguna otra cosa que quieras mucho, mucho pero mucho? El mastín se me quedó viendo unos segundos, pensativo. —Pues a ti… Carraspee al instante sintiendo como una sandía atorada en mi garganta, antes de morirme asfixiada por la impresión, alcancé a preguntar. —¿¡Có-có-cómo dices!? Santo cielo, esto… esto… ¡Ya no me estaba gustando en absoluto, de verdad! —Bo-Bodi, en verdad no creo que… —A ti, a Germur, al señor Scattergood, a Ozzie, a mi papá, al señor Fleetwood, a mis amigos de Montaña Nevada, ¡a todos los quiero mucho! Uffff, cielos, yo y mi loca imaginación me jugaba trucos de nuevo. —Oh, ya veo; pero dibujar a todos en una sola firma sería un poco complicado, ¿no? —Sí, supongo que tienes razón. En ese momento mi cabecita vulpina tuvo una idea al rememorar las últimas palabras de Bodi. —Ahora que mencionas a tu hogar, ¿no dices siempre que fue la inspiración para tu primera canción con Angus, \"Glorious\"? —Sí… es verdad, ¡es una gran idea Darma! —Me tomó de mis patas muy exaltado y alegre, pero su gusto duró poco— Aunque… ¿cómo dibujar una montaña en una firma? —Ay Bodi, pues así. Sin pensarlo, volví a recargarme sobre su espalda y tomé su pata. Encima de donde escribió su nombre en cursiva, a un lado de donde termina la \"i\" de Bodi, dibujé un camino de forma triangular de derecha a izquierda, que sin cerrarlo, albergaba su nombre en su interior. —¡Oh, Darma, es perfecto, es…! —¡Glorioso! —dijimos al unísono. —Bueno, casi; sólo falta un punto final, o una estrella si quiere ser tan excéntrico como Angus, je, je, je. —¿Y si mejor tres? —¿Cómo dices? De forma veloz, el mastín apartó su pata de la mía y tomó el bolígrafo y sin dudarlo dibujó tres estrellas alrededor de la montaña de su firma, la tercera la dibujó cerca de la i, a modo de punto final. Y de pronto, si pensaba que la firma de Bodi no podía ser mejor, ahí estaba, un fantástico autógrafo que seguramente todos quisieran tener. —Vaya Bodi, en verdad quedó muy bien, pero, ¿por qué tres? —Bueno, no sé que opines, pero pensando en ustedes, esas estrellas simbolizan a las estrellas de la banda, el señor Scattergood, Germur y por supuesto, la estrella más hermosa que hizo esta firma posible. Tú. —me sonrió—. ¡Muchas gracias Darma! —Ay, perrito, que lindo, me vas a hacer llorar —comenté muy conmovida. Bodi en verdad sabía cómo hacerme sentir apreciada— ¿Y cuál soy yo? —La estrella cerca de la \"i\", la que está invertida. —¿Y eso? —Con los dos picos arriba, me recuerdan a tus orejitas vulpinas. —Awww Bodi… no debiste. —Claro que tenía que hacerlo, esta gloriosa firma no sería posible sin ti y tus consejos. Muchas… ¡hum! Y ese fue mi momento para tomarlo por sorpresa, me arrojé a él y le di un fuerte abrazo, y enseguida, un beso en su mejilla. —Gracias, gracias perrito, por eso te quiero tanto. —Yo también mejor, mejor a… Darma. ¡También te quiero! Después de un instante nos separamos algo nerviosos por el exceso de afecto, pero enseguida continuamos trabajando en las firmas, Bodi debía practicar más para que no se le olvidara hacerla. Luego de llenar varias planas, pasamos el resto de la tarde haciendo lo que Angus le sugirió y Bodi autografió dos costales de toronjas completos con la firma más gloriosa del universo, en la que yo era parte también. 2 semanas después de todo eso, la banda tuvo un nuevo concierto en el fabuloso estadio de Shanghái, esta vez unos cólicos me amenazaron con perderme esta presentación, pero ni eso fue suficiente para que hiciera una tocada monumental con Bodi, Angus y Germur ante todo los mamíferos de nuestro país que fueron a vernos. Tras 2 intensas horas ininterrumpidas de música y Rock 'n' Roll, dimos punto final al concierto, pero antes de irnos al camerino a descansar, nuestro contrato nos obligaba a otorgar unos cientos de autógrafos antes de tirar la toalla. Los cuatro esperamos sentados frente a una enorme mesa con marcadores permanentes en pata para regalar nuestra bendita firma a los asistentes VIP del concierto. Mientras elementos de seguridad controlaban la entrada y salida de nuestros locos admiradores, Bodi tenía una sonrisa de oreja a oreja y estaba emocionado de darle un autógrafo a su primer fan que lo solicitara, por desgracia, al ser un grupo compuesto en su mayoría por completos desconocidos en la escena musical, prácticamente todos los asistentes iban a pedir el supremo y legendario autográfo de Angus Scattergood. Me sentí un poco mal por el cachorro, después de tanto esfuerzo había la posibilidad de que el público de Shanghái sólo tuviera ojos para Angus, pero eso no desanimó al perrito en lo más mínimo. Ya que podríamos pasar la siguiente hora sin firmar nada, decidí hablar con Bodi mientras esperábamos. —¿Qué tal perrito? ¿Nervioso? —Sí Darma, un poco. ¡No sé si el siguiente fan que venga pida un autógrafo para mí, o para el señor Angus, o para Germur, o para ti! —Je, je, me encanta tu optimismo, perrito; pero guarda toda esa energía, creo que la mayoría está aquí por Angus, puede que esto tarde. —Lo sé, pero no puedo quitarme estas ansias o miedos. —¿Miedo, a qué? —¿Qué tal si no les gusta mi autógrafo? ¿O que tal si lo hago mal? ¿O qué tal si viene la chica de la otra vez y me pide…? —Hey, hey, hey; tranquilo casanova —comenté un tanto molesta, pero luego, se me ocurrió una idea—. Oye mi nervioso mejor amigo, ¿qué tal si practicas un poco conmigo? —¿Có-có-cómo dices? ¿Practicar… contigo? —cuestionó exaltado? Pe-pe-pero yo no… no podría. No esperando un no como respuesta, recogí mi bajo del suelo y lo puse en la mesa. —Darma… —Señor Bodi, soy una gran admiradora suya —imité un tono juguetón—. Me gustaría tener su autógrafo… ¡Soy su fan! —Pero Darma… tu bajo, es sagrado para ti, yo no… —Vamos perrito, me gustaría tomar tu primera vez… rayos, eso sonó feo, quiero decir, me gustaría ser la primera a la que le regales un autógrafo, sería un gran honor. —¿Lo dices en serio? —Por supuesto, hazlo aquí, en la parte blanca para que se vea tu preciosa firma. Muy emocionado, el mastín tomó una fuerte bocanada de aire y, con gran velocidad y agilidad, trazó esa hermosa firma suya que diseñamos juntos. Al final, dibujó con calma la estrella final que me representa y recordé porque la marcaba de cabeza. Me seguía pareciendo un lindo detalle. —Muchas gracias Bodi, ¡te quedó preciosa! —Le comenté fascinada —. Espero que este sea el primero de muchos. —Muchas gracias a ti por enseñarme y dejar que mi firma esté contigo siempre. Nos dedicamos una gran sonrisa mutua y deseé que esa sensación nunca terminara, por desgracia, tuvimos que separar la vista cuando un sonido nos sacó de nuestro mágico momento. —¡Hola Bodi! Por fin me tocó pasar de nuevo contigo, ¿me recuerdas? Una irritante voz femenina le habló al perro con mucha confianza, cuando la miré de cerca entre la oscuridad y las luces de neón, pude ver a una lince que para llamar nuestra atención había azotado sus anormales y obscenamente grandes pechos sobre la mesa. —¡Ho-hola señorita! —le respondió Bodi muy alegre a esa tipa—. Yo no… lo lamento, sé que nos vimos en el otro concierto pero no recuerdo su nombre. —Ay, no hay problema, corazón —masculló en un horrendo y lastimero tono agudo—. Me alegra que me recuerdes a mí y a mis amigas; ja, ja, ja. —Rió con una chocante risita mientras que su pecho balanceaba a esos enormes sacos de carne suyos que atraía la atención de todos los macho lujuriosos, incluyendo a Bodi, que sólo reía nervioso hipnotizado por el espectáculo impúdico enfrente de él—. Me llamó Miyu, pero tú puedes llamarme como quieras, corazón. —Oye gatita —contesté furiosa golpeando la mesa— No quiero interrumpir su dulce plática, pero tenemos muchos fans esperando su turno y… —Oh, sí, sí, lo siento, comprendo Bodi. Me encantaría darte un beso, pero esta vez, si pudiera ser en otro lugar un poco más… privado… —mencionó con los ojos de una verdadera gata desvergonzada. —Este… yo no… —balbuceó el idiota de Bodi. —¡Lo siento 'corazón', pero nada de besos, abrazos y muestras de afecto intensas! Lo dice nuestro contrato, lo dice él, ¡y lo digo yo! —amenacé a esa lince de grandes atributos. —Ash, ¿y quién eres tú? ¿Su novia? —cuestionó con sarcasmo. La pregunta me hizo descomponer la cara y me puso roja de coraje. —¡No, no lo soy, pero a él no le…! —Darma tiene razón Miyu —interrumpió el perro parando nuestra discusión—. La otra vez hubo un problema con eso de los besos, muchas admiradoras y admiradores quisieron hacer eso al señor Scattergood, y como él odia las muestra de afecto, nos prohibió hacerlo. —Oh, entiendo Bodi, rayos… —susurró con tristeza la tipeja esa. —Pero no te pongas triste, Miyu; si quieres puedo darte un autógrafo, ¡ya aprendí como hacerlo! —¿De verdad? ¡Ay, gracias perrito! ¡Por eso eres mi nuevo ídolo! Rayos, esta chica no me daba buena espina, pero si sólo quería un autógrafo de Bodi, daba igual. —Bien niña —farfullé malhumorada—, saca tu libreta, poster o lo que quieres que te firme y deja pasar al siguiente… Sin que acabará de terminar, la impúdica lince se levantó la blusa y exhibió ante nosotros sus grandes senos que cayeron enseguida por efecto de la gravedad. Miré llena de rabia y envidia como la gata llenó la copa D de un sostén rosado, al mismo tiempo que noté como todos los macho miraron el pervertido espectáculo, ¡hasta Angus bajo sus gafas para admirar mejor a esa… a esa… lince sobrealimentada! —¿Me firmas una bubi, nyaaa? —preguntó esa maldita exhibicionista cerrando un ojo, sacando la lengua y actuando como toda una hija de su gatuna madre. —Yo… yo… yo no… —Bodi tragó saliva nerviosos, pero sí, le estaba viendo toda la fruta a esa fruta gata. —Por favor, muero por enseñarle esto a mis amigos, anda… ¿sííííííííííííí? Esa… esa… esa maldita felina de grandes toronjas estaba pervirtiendo a mi Bo… un momento… ¿¡To-to-toronjas!? En ese momento tuve una epifanía: Bodi conoció a esa misma tipa en el concierto pasado, Angus le sugirió que practicara su firma sobre toronjas, cuando me ofrecí a que practicara su primera firma en mí, el mastín me miró nervioso, ¡de seguro se desanimó cuando vio mi casi inexistente pecho! Y de seguro no lo hizo porque no puedo llenar mi brassier como el de esa exhibicionista! ¡BOOOOOOOOOOOOODI! Cuando terminé de resolver el misterio, Bodi estaba sosteniendo uno de sus desagradables y obscenamente grandes sacos de carne con una pata y con la otra terminaba de escribir su firma, dibujando la última estrella, mientras la tipa ponía cara de la ramera que era, disfrutando cada momento de las suaves y afelpadas patas de Bodi. —¡Lo hice Darma! —comentó el perro como un idiota feliz—. ¡Pude dibujar un autógrafo, y todo gracias a…! No soporté más y le solté una cachetada. —¡Bodi, eres un… idiota! —le grité muy furiosa, me paré de mi silla y me di la vuelta indignada, pero me detuvo las risas fastidiosas de Germur y Angus. Hablando de ese gato persa, recordé que él le dio a Bodi la idea de las toronjas, así que me acerqué a su lugar y le di un manotazo en la nuca que le sacó los lentes. —¡Esto es por enseñarle cochinadas y pervertir a Bodi!— y al ver que la cabra reía como una, le di otro a Germur, lo que provocó que tirara sus papas fritas. —¡Ay! Pero Darma… ¿y yo que hice? —¡Por reírte y por mirarle los pechos, degenerado! ¡Todos lo son! Me fui echando chispas de ahí, maldiciendo a esos tres machos y a esa lince sobrealimentada que se creen mucho con sus grandes y jugosas toronjas. —¡Estúpido Bodi! —bramé furiosa mientras abandonaba la sala de autógrafos llena de rabia. Luego me dirigí al tocador a buscar algo para limpiar su estúpido autógrafo pervertido de mi bello bajo, pero a medio camino, una mullida barrera impactó contra mi cara y me impidió entrar al baño de chicas. —¿Qué cara…? —Oh, lo lamento, no te vi, cora… ¿¡Darma!? ¿¡Eres tú Darma, la bajista!? —¿Qué, pero cómo lo…? Sí, claro soy yooooo… ¡dulces moras! Abrí los ojos y me topé con una perrita poodle de pelaje blanco y con un moño rojo en su cabeza, sin embargo su cualidad más sobresaliente eran un enorme par de melones que apenas cubrían su ajustada blusa con un estampado de nuestra banda. —¡Tiene que ser una fruta broma! —grité histérica en mis pensamientos al ver el par de magumbos que esa perra cargaba… ¿Por qué todas las chicas tenía más busto que yo? ¿¡Por qué!? —¡Genial! Me preguntaba si podrías darme un autógrafo… —¡Ah, no, eso sí que no! ¡Si quieres un autógrafo de Bodi o de cualquiera de esos pervertidos, ve y fórmate como…! —¡No, no, no! No quiero un autógrafo de ellos, quiero uno tuyo Darma, ¡soy tu fan! Me quedé boquiabierta al instante. —¿Di-di-di-disculpa? Pese a la furia que corría por mis venas, cuando descubrí que tenía alguien que quería un autógrafo mío y además era mi fan, se me iluminaron los ojos. Pensé que tomaría años antes de que alguien me reconociera o pidiera que le firmara algo. Borré toda muestra de enfado de mi rostro y le sonreí como quinceañera. —En ese caso, será un placer. ¿Cómo te llamas y que quieres que te firme, querida? —junte ambas palmas y cerré los ojos con júbilo. —Me llamó Fay, y me gustaría que me firmaras… ¡éstas! Abrí los ojos sólo para un presenciar un Déjà vu frente a mis narices. La perra super agraciada se levantó su remera y dejó al descubierto sus colosales e inconcebibles senos. ¿Alguien ha visto la serie Aggretsuko? Porque lo que sentía en ese momento no se comparaba con lo que la protagonista, Retsuko, experimenta en todos los capítulos juntos. Saqué el marcador permanente de la bolsa de mi hoodie y tomé a mi objetivo con suma agresividad. —Auch, auch… con cuidado… son suaves… pero me lasti… ¡auch! —chillaba la poodle entrecortadamente. —Para... mi... amiga… ¿Cómo dices que te llamas, querida? —le pregunté mientras escribía con furia sobre el pelaje destapado de su amplio busto. —Fay… pero no… quiero una dedicatoria… sólo tu… tu… ¡ayyyyy! —Lo… siento… Fay… pero… nunca… nunca… nunca… ¡había firmado unas bubis antes! Con un potente grito mental, terminé de autografiar esas malditas ubres, luego de despedirme y disculparme por la brusquedad, entré al baño de hembras con lágrimas en los ojos. —¡Qué suaves y esponjosas! —sollocé con pura envidia. En definitiva, desde ese día, odio los autógrafos. Pero no tanto como las toronjas… y los melones, ¡y toda fruta que sea más grande que mis moritas! Sin embargo, por si se lo preguntan, aún conservo la singular firma de Bodi en mi bajo, pues después de pensarlo con detenimiento, simplemente fue otro malentendido de la inocencia e ingenuidad de ese torpe mastín y de mi suerte de terminar en estos enredos; con esto en mente, me di cuenta que sin importar que la firma de Bodi termine en un póster o en las bubis de una loca degenerada, nada ni nadie, en especial ninguna vaca o hembra dotada, va quitarme el gusto y satisfacción de ser esa tercera estrellita en su firma ni de ser la primera en tener su autógrafo. ~FIN~ Notas de autor: Me doy asco a mí mismo por escribir esta estupidez… ¿qué dice el público bonito? En fin, aquí está, después de mil años un nuevo fic de Rock Dog que prometí hace tiempo; si tarde mucho, es porque me bajó un poco mi amor por este fandom muerto y porque la idea pasó muchas veces por mi cabeza, pero no supe cómo ejecutarla bien hasta ahora. Me disculpo si no es lo que esperaban o si fue muy pervertida para su gusto, pero esta idea de los autógrafos y los sacos de carne, que diga, las toronjas, me atormentan desde hace mucho, pero al fin purgué a esos demonios. Pobre Darma, perdóname corazón, yo te amo con todo y tus moritas, digo, digo, con todo y tu carácter explosivo, ¿ustedes no? En fin, eso sería todo, me gustaría decirles que hay más historias mías de Rock Dog planeadas a futuro, pero les mentiría. Aunque tengo tres ideas atoradas de este fandom en mi mente: un short fic humorístico y estúpido como este, un lemon y un fic sombrío de un tema polémico; lastimosamente, mi cabeza es una maraña y no he podido desarrollar ninguna idea satisfactoriamente, por lo que no esperen mucho de mi parte con Darma, Bodi y sus dotados amigos; pero si tengo bloqueos de mis otros fandoms, como el que provocó que terminará este cochino fic, quizás publique alguno. Pero repito, no se hagan muchas ilusiones. Oh, y como curiosidad, puede que no muchos lo noten pero en este fic hubo dos personajes invitadas de otra serie, no son ni de Rock Dog ni OC's míos. Me refiero a la lince Miyu y la perrita Fay , ambas chicas son personajes de la saga Star Fox que aparecen en el juego cancelado (pero hace poco revivido por Nintendo en el SNES Mini) Star Fox 2 para el Super Nintendo. La razón para ponerlas a llenar ese particular papel en el fic, es porque al hacer una sana investigación en Internet del origen de estas preciosas chicas, me tope con fanart que… exageraba ciertos atributos de ellas. No les recomiendo buscar fanart de ellas, sobre todo si están en el trabajo o en la escuela. Por favor, no lo hagan, ¡no se hagan furros, se los suplico! (Aunque hay una que otra imagen como la que me inspiró que están... grrrrr... ) Basura Legal: Esta historia es ficción, cualquier parecido con la realidad es mera coincidencia. Rock Dog y los personajes usados en este fanfic pertenece a Mandoo Pictures, Huayi Brothers y sus respectivos dueños. La historia fue redactada con fines de entretenimiento y sin ningún fin de lucro. Los personajes Miyu y Fay de Star Fox 2 pertenecen a Nintendo . Usadas sólo como ambientación en el fanfic. Las proporciones reflejadas aquí pueden no coincidir a las mostradas en el canon. Historia creada por su servidor, Janyo o Kirby_Hanyou y redactada sin ningún fin de lucro. Todos los derechos (e izquierdos) reservados. Créditos: El arte de la portada pertenece a WolFirry . Pero bueno, como sea, muchas gracias por leer este ficucho, si les gustó no olviden dejarme sus votos o algún comentario, adoro leer las cosas que me ponen y responderlas; si no, no hay problema, saber que aún hay lectores vivos de este fandom que disfrutaron la lectura, es suficiente para mí. Gracias por su atención, hasta la siguiente historia, nos estamos leyendo. Y como dicen en China, ¡Arrivederci! ","Summary":" La semana pasada fue un completo bodrio. Mientras nuestra banda se había presentado a tocar en Esta"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Bodi's Birthday","Author":"batmanguy78","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12965922","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bodi's Birthday It was a Sunny day in Snow Mountain, and there was an exciting day for Bodi, While he was Keeping an eye out for any wolves or any other threats, Khampa came up to him. Hey son, Today is your birthday! Exclaimed Khampa. When bodi heard it, He got very excited. Woah! Really? Exclaimed Bodi, He had never been that excited in his life, It was a good thing he was growing up over the years. Of course son! This year you Turned 15. Said Khampa, He got something very special for his son. Not only did Khampa get excited because of Bodi's special day, But he also knew that Bodi was really special to him. YAYYYY! This Is The Best Day Of My Life! Exclaimed Bodi. He got Extremely excited and started hyperventilating. Woah Woah Woah there son Calm Down! Said Khampa as he tried to calm Bodi down. Sorry about that Dad, I got really excited and i knew that today is really special, Said Bodi, His phone ringed because Someone had texted him. I got something really special for you Bodi Said Khampa as he grabbed 1 present and gave them to Bodi. He worked extra hard to get money from his Part-time job to buy the presents. Thanks dad, Should i open them? Asked bodi, He was curious about what the present were. Sure son! I bought them for you so open it, Said Khampa, He never felt really happy at his son for being thoughtful giving a present to his son Bodi opened one present and got really excited, It was a Guitar amp, A Guitar Amp? COOL! Exclaimed Bodi, He howled in excitement, He always wanted something for his Guitar. Thanks Dad! Said Bodi and Hugged his dad. Your Welcome Son! I will be setting everything up for your Birthday Party, Said Khampa OK Dad, I will go to my room and Try out my Guitar Amp, Said Bodi. Khampa smiled as his son went in the house so that Bodi could use his Guitar with the Guitar Amp. ","Summary":" Bodi's Birthday It was a Sunny day in Snow Mountain, and there was an exciting day for Bodi, While "},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Skozz Went Strawberry (A Rock Dog Oneshot)","Author":"FeeltheBlaziker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12966506","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Skozz Went Strawberry: A Rock Dog One-shot Based on: Rock Dog (2017) Characters: Riff, Skozz Type: One-shot, Slice of Life (Note: This was from an earlier Tumblr post that I posted. I was not going to write this on , but since I feel like it and wanted to write something on the internet, I decided to adapt it to make it feel more like a Fanfic. I hope you enjoy it and I will be back with some headcanons and facts about me and my interest in Rock Dog at the end of the Fanfic. Enjoy! Original post: post/173224328652/trying-to-read-aka-skozz-went-strawberry-a-rock) (Rock Dog is a property of Mandoo pictures and I do not own its property nor its characters) It is true that sometimes, reading could be a huge struggle, but the difficulty gets doubled when you stutter a lot and do not want to reveal it. Unfortunately, Skozz had both. While in a medium-sized apartment somewhere, living with his short partner, Riff, the grey wolf got down to a book, albeit a simple nursery-level picture book as he just started speaking recently. His timberwolf counterpart, on the other hand, was next to him on an L-shaped sofa in the living hall, reading the morning newspaper. Being short must have given him a sort of advantage, as Riff had difficulty controlling his temper, especially when his dumb counterpart was around. Riff started to notice his partner opening the book. Riff asked, \"What are you doing right now, Knucklehead?\" 'Knucklehead' was Skozz's unofficial nickname as he was dumb and incompetent. \"J-J-J-J-J-J-Just r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-reading s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-something…\" was the long reply. Riff rolled his eyes and muttered, \"Here we go again...\" After all, Skozz had a speech impendent from very young age and had difficulty speaking ever since. Pretending to be mute was the only option for him as such. The only times he spoke were at home and to Riff as he was the only one who knew that secret. However, it was not the stutter that annoys Riff the most, it was Skozz's reading because whenever he read, it went so long and painful that Riff could not handle his partner's annoying reading. While the stuttering did not help matters, his reading does not make any sense because if by chance 'Knucklehead' came across a difficult word, he would replace it with a different word based on the picture in the book instead of trying to pronounce the word in question. That would be more than enough for Riff to bring his daily newspaper back to his room and continue reading it on his own; and right about now, as Skozz was busy reading out loud, he stopped reading. Riff sensed his partner and stopped reading his newspaper altogether. \"What now?\" Riff asked as he looked at Skozz trying to mutter the next sentence. \"J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-Jack... w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-went...\" Was all Skozz could take before he coughed and gasped for some air. After a while, he took a deep breath and reads again. \"J-J-J-J-J-J-J-J-Jack w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-went... s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-strawberry?\" That was more than enough for Riff to handle. He rolled up his newspaper and flung it to his partner's face and told him off with, \"How could that be what they said? How could it be \"Jack went strawberry\"? What are you talking about? WHAT WOULD THAT EVEN LOOK LIKE? HOW COULD THAT BE WHAT IT SAID? TELL ME!\" Skozz was left speechless at his partner abusing him. \"I tell you what,\" yelled Riff, \"You think that's what it said, YOU GO STRAWBERRY NOW! GO ON! YA, GO STRAWBERRY! THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK IT SAID!\" Skozz could only cry at the verbal abuse he was given. Riff continued on with the verbal abuse with \"Stop crying, go strawberry! Yup, GO STRAWBERRY! What you doing, go kiwi then, I don't give a DAMN! You're not doing it either? I tell you why not, 'cos it DOESN'T EVEN MAKE BLOODY SENSE!\" The short wolf had enough of it and got up. \"I need some fresh air.\" Riff walked off in anger but Skozz immediately catches up to him just as Riff was about to leave the apartment to let off some steam. \"WHAT NOW?!\" \"B-B-B-B-B-B-B-But R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-Riff... t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-that's w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-what i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-it s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-says...\" Hearing this, Riff snatches the book away and read the sentence out. He then realised something. \"Jack went... strawberry?\" It was all just a misunderstanding. There was indeed the word 'strawberry' inside the sentence. Realising his mistake, Riff started to cry and hug his partner. \"I'm so sorry, Knucklehead...\" Was Riff's apology to his misunderstood partner. There was indeed a flash of brilliance from Skozz after all. Maybe, Skozz could finally be able to speak properly if he can keep up. \"D-D-D-D-Don't w-w-w-w-w-worry, b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bro. S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Someday, I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I'll b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-be j-j-j-j-j-j-j-j-j-j-just l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-like y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-you.\" Skozz replied as the wolf pair hugged each other contentedly. They do have each other to back up with, after all. A short, trigger-happy wolf and a stuttering wolf hugging each other after the misunderstanding. End Headcanons and facts: 1. As already explained, Skozz had difficulty speaking and he has a really bad stutter. Initially, I wanted him to be mute by choice and only talks to Riff if he needs to, but I feel it would not make sense in the 'dumb and incompetent' attribute he possesses in the movie. Hence, I give him a stuttered speech and give the fact he pretends to be mute to hide his secret. 2. Riff has terrible anger management, meaning he could not control his anger enough to prevent him from going out of control. 3. As for me, I do have similar attributes to both characters. I initially had terrible anger management as I had difficulty controlling my emotions and anger since young, and I am suffering from Asperger's Syndrome from young. I do have communication issues and sometimes stutter a bit. 4. I only came across Rock Dog simply because I came across the teaser trailer to it. If not for that, I would pretend it would not have existed, but ever since I watched it, it somehow grew on me. Maybe it was that song... 5. The joke is the well-known \"Jack Goes Strawberry\" gag from British comedian Romesh Ranganathan. I saw the joke on the TV Program \"Mock The Week\" and an idea struck for me to use that joke inside. The link is here: watch?v=47VAdZBkGSY. Mock The Week is a property of the BBC and I do not own any of their footage at all. 6. I hope you really enjoy this Fanfic. It took me a day to complete the original Tumblr version and one more day to adapt it to the Fanfic version. I hope you enjoy the Fanfic and I will see you if another idea strikes me. Until then, K thanks bye! ","Summary":" Skozz Went Strawberry: A Rock Dog One-shot Based on: Rock Dog (2017) Characters: Riff, Skozz Type: "},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Memories of You","Author":"yevonscribbles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12982225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey Khampa…\" Fleetwood looked down at the content mastiff currently nestled on his chest. Over the last few weeks the normally stoic and gruff former guardian of Snow Valley had become a cuddly puppy. With the threat of wolf attack gone and their relationship made public Khampa had enjoyed the light hearted feeling throughout the mountains and new softness from the mastiff. With a grunt the old guard dog attempted to bury his face in the short, tan fur of his boyfriend. \"Mmm…\" Fleetwood smiled and gave Khampa a soft poke with his hoof. \"What is it? I was almost asleep…\" The mastiff open his dark brown eyes and smiled at the yak. \"Why don't you ever talk about Bodi's Mother?\" Fleetwood felt his partner flinch. The tan yak had been hesitant to bring up the subject but he felt that with the recent change in their relationship it was about time for the pair to have a heart to heart, to really expose themselves. If they really wanted to change from a secret relationship to something with a future they needed to be fully honest with each other. Khampa broke eye contact with the yak and squeezed his boyfriends chest harder. \"It's… not something I like to talk about…\" Khampa sighed. He lifted his musculare form and moved away from the yak. With a sigh he sat on the edge of the bed they shared. \"Our bed…\" He muttered. Fleetwood propped himself up and leaned forward. A heavy silence filled the room. The yak was worried about this, Khampa had spent about 20 years not only guarding Snow Valley but his , heart as well. Years of walls don't come crashing down that quickly. Defeated Fleetwood sighed. \"Look Khampa if your not ready we can just drop it-\" \"Gloria.\" The yak paused. \"What?\" \"Her name was Gloria.\" Khampa turned and smiled at the mammal he loves. \"She would smile and it was bright; like looking at a sunrise. Gloria could always find the positive in any situation. Bodi is just like her…\" The mastiff got up and made his way to his worn dresser. After a moment of shifting through his belongings he handed Fleetwood a worn photograph. Khampa planted a soft kiss on Fleetwood's head before laying down next to the yak and curling close to his partner. Gingerly the yak looked at the worn photograph. In it an obviously pregnant female mastiff could be seen resting on a railing. Her face was blocked out from wear but a soft smile could be seen as she looked out over the mountains, The edges of the photo were brittle with wear throughout the surface. Fleetwood was afraid that the photograph would crumble in his hoofs with too much pressure. \"We took this shortly before coming to Snow Mountain. Gloria hated getting her photograph taken… She always said she wasn't pretty enough.\" Khampa smiled. \"This is all I have to remember her by…\" \"That's not true, love.\" Fleetwood wrapped an arm around his boyfriend and pulled him close. \"You have Bodi… And all the memories you've been holding onto for years.\" Khampa wiped his eyes and let out a soft laugh. \"You're right… She would be so proud of Bodi. That boy is something else.\" The mastiff took the old photograph from Fleetwood and gave it a soft kiss before placing it down on a nearby nightstand. \"Not a day go by that I don't miss her…\" \"I'm sure, Khampa…\" Fleetwood smiled. \"Hey, do you think Gloria and I would have gotten along?\" The old mastiff laughed. \"Not sure, but I do know she would be happy to know I have you now…\" Khampa lasily rubbed his paw over the yak's chest. \"Hey Fleetwood…\" \"Mmm?\" \"Thank you.\" Khamp whispered. \"I love you, you old mutt.\" The mastiff chuckled. \"I love you too, you old goat.\" ","Summary":" \"Hey Khampa…\" Fleetwood looked down at the content mastiff currently nestled on his chest. Over t"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Reflection","Author":"Shinigamilover2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12828761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm back with another 'Rock Dog' one-shot, and this time, it's a song-fic that centers around Bodi and his father, only this time it's an alternate scene idea, and an idea as to how the movie could have been different (Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with the movie to me, I love it. But I just couldn't pass this idea up). This story takes place at the end of the failed attempt to scare Bodi straight. This idea came to me after hearing that Disney finally casted Liu Yifei as the lead in the live action adaptation of Mulan, and it got me thinking about a song from the movie that I think would fit Bodi if this scene were to be different. Anyways, enjoy! Fireworks illuminated the sky, loud booms silenced the crickets who usually made their chirps as the stars covered the sky, all of them coming from the Sheep Village on Snow Mountain. Bodi, the teenaged mastiff was in charge of defending the village for the night, at the request of his father, Khampa, who wanted him to take up the position of village guard seriously and not be a musician, breaking their family bloodline. Khampa thought that dressing up like a wolf, and scaring his son would snap some sense into his head, but Bodi ended up warning the villagers that there were wolves in the village, knot knowing it was his own father in disguise. The end resulted in the town's fireworks supply to go off into the night sky. Now, Khampa stared down at his son in anger. \"Dad, I didn't mean for any of this to happen\" Bodi said, trying to calm his dad down as he stomped further to him. He then felt his heart begin to race when Khampa grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled him up close to his face. \"This is all your fault! If you had been doing your job like you were supposed to do, none of this would have happened!\" He screamed, fury and venomous anger in his voice. Bodi had never seen his own father this angry. \"But I was, I warned the villagers and...\" Bodi tried to explain, but Khampa cut him off and continued to shout in his son's face. \"That's not your job! Your job is to FIGHT the wolves! But you ran like a cowardly pup instead!\" Khampa continued. Bodi was about to say something else, but Khampa shoved him to the ground, the sheep who were in the streets gasped at the sight of this. \"You are a disgrace, Bodi! You are a disgrace to this village, to the villagers, to your mother, and to me!\" Khampa screamed. Bodi now felt tears about to fall out of his eyes, the mention of his own mother, who had died months after Bodi was born, was enough to make the teenage mastiff feel pain in his naive and innocent heart. \"But, D-Dad\" Bodi tried to talk, but Khampa shushed him again by shoving him against the walls of one of the buildings surrounded him. \"Be quiet! You may be a mastiff, but you will NEVER, bring your family honor\" Khampa said. Bodi then ran off down the street, attempting to hold back his sobs, and covering his mouth with his paws. With Bodi out of the sights of Khampa, and the village, the sheep looked up to the older mastiff as he walked in the opposite direction, away from the town square. Early the next morning, Khampa was now alone in the village tavers, four wooden shot-cups full of wheat-grass sat on the counter right in front of him. He heard everyone talking about how it could have been a lot worse since the firecrackers barely did any damage to the village, and other spoke about how they never saw Khampa so angry before, and that Bodi didn't deserve to be yelled at like that. Khampa then turned next to him to see the village elder, Fleetwood Yak, a Yak who was more of a parental-figure to Bodi than he ever could have been sat down next to him. \"Shot of wheat-grass, Sam. You know what? Make it a double\" he said. The bar-tender served Fleetwood two wooden shot-cups similar to the ones in front of Khampa. \"You wanna talk about it?\" Fleetwood asked Khampa, who was still slightly on edge from last night. \"Don't pin this on me, Fleet. If Bodi had been doing his job, guarding the village...\" Khampa began to rant, but Fleetwood spoke up. \"I thought that was your job\" he pointed out. \"Well, yeah it is my job. And I was doing my job\" Khampa replied. \"I think you've established that. But did you really have to be so hard on Bodi? Telling him he dishonored you and everyone else? Shoving him, and bringing up his mother?\" Fleetwood asked. Khampa now began to feel more calm and took a deep breath. \"I know, I shouldn't have done that. I was just so angry that Bodi wasn't taking his duties at the next guard of this village seriously, and that he wanted to play music that I lost my temper\" Khampa explained. \"Bodi isn't you, he wants to go\" explained the yak in a soft tone, his hoof resting on Khampa's shoulder. \"But, who's gonna look after this place when I die?\" asked Khampa. \"From what? The wolves? Khampa, you're just standing up there, waiting for something that's not gonna come\" Fleetwood told him. \"But what if they do?\" Khampa asked. \"And what if they do? You really think Bodi's gonna be able to protect the village?\" Fleetwood responded. He then began to feel regret tug at his heart. \"What have I done?\" Khampa whispered to himself, one single tear falling into one of the empty wooden cups in front of him. Khampa began to sniffle and let out one single sob, something he hadn't done in a long time since his beloved wife and mother to his only pup died long before Bodi was even three months old. \"He is who he is. He's looking for his own paradise\" said Fleetwood as he handed Khampa a small rectangular slip of paper with a bus on the front, it was a bus ticket to go to the city. \"I have to set things right with him\" Khampa said before getting up off the stool he sat upon, and left some money on the counter for the bar-tender to pay for his drinks and then ran off to find his son. Khampa looked all around the village, but didn't find a single trace of Bodi anywhere. He then began looking outside the village, right past the watchtower and then saw Bodi sitting on his knees by the stream. He walked towards Bodi slowly and hid behind a tree, gazing upon his son's features, his hat was off of his head, revealing his messy brown hair atop his head, and he stared down into the water. \"Bodi?\" Khampa whispered to himself. Before he could approach his teenage son, he heard him begin to sing. He sang without playing his draymin/guitar. \"Look at me. I will never pass for a perfect guard, or a perfect son. Can it be, I'm not meant to play this part?\" Bodi sang as he took the instrument off his shoulder from the strap and set it by a rock, along with his hat. Khampa then watched Bodi begin to walk away from the stream and was still singing. \"Now I see, that if I were truly to be myself, I would break my father's heart\" Bodi continued. That verse really made Khampa feel worse than he did before. He then walked over to the rocks and picked the draymin and hat up into his paws and continued to follow Bodi stealthily and began to sing some more. \"Who is that dog I see, staring straight back at me? Why is my reflection someone I don't know?\" Khampa listened as he sang and he began to realize that the song he was singing was how he was feeling deep down in his heart right now. He didn't realize how badly he hurt Bodi until now, his own son singing about how he felt like he didn't recognize himself anymore, all because he wanted to do something that made him feel happy. \"Was I really that harsh?\" Khampa silently asked himself as he followed Bodi to their own house and watched as he approached the small shrine that sat at the other end of the room. A small shelf covered in candles, and a large photo of Bodi's mother hung up on the wall above the candles. \"Who is that perfect guard? It's not me, I've tried hard!\" Bodi continued to sing. Now he was on his knees again and bowed down to the shrine, his paws together and his forehead resting on them, tears falling from his chocolate brown eyes as they were shut tightly while he sang. He then sat back up and looked at the picture of his mother, as well as his own reflection in the glass that guarded the picture. \"When will my reflection show, who I am inside?\" Bodi sang before walking over to the mirror on the other side of the room and placed his paw on the surface while staring at himself, as well as continuing his song, tears brimming at the edges of his eyes, and his voice staring to break while he sang. \"Now I pray, that a time will come I can free myself, from his expectations\" he sang with some slight desperation in his voice before walking out the door, Khampa hiding behind the corner to watch Bodi walk away from the house and ran out into the grassy field again. \"On that day! I'll discover someway to be myself, and to make my father proud!\" sang Bodi as he had one paw over his heart, a heart that was shattered by the anger and disappointment of his father, who unbeknownst to him was regretting every moment he spent yelling at him last night, and was watching and following him as he was singing. Khampa then followed Bodi down by the stream again, only it was by a large cherry blossom tree with a red painted bench right next to it. Bodi remembered his mother used to take him down to that tree to sing to him and play with him every afternoon until she died. \"He wants a docile lamb! He doesn't know, who I am! Must there be a secret me, I'm forced to hide?\" Bodi sang while he had a paw on the trunk of the tree and looked up at it's pink blossoms. Khampa now stood fifteen feet away from Bodi, he didn't even notice Fleetwood Yak and a few other sheep had followed him down and watched the older mastiff watch the younger one sing. \"Must I pretend that I'm someone else, for all time? When will my reflection show, who I am inside!?\" Bodi said while he stared down at the water again, wiping his streaming tears away as he held his high-note at the end. \"When will my reflection show, who I am inside?\" Bodi finally finished his song and sat down on the bench, now beginning to sob and sniffle freely, the tears coming back like a waterfall down the sides of his face, and into his lap, soaking themselves into his pants. \"I didn't even know... I should have...\" Khampa said while looking down at the instrument he still held in his paws. \"Yes, you should have. But now is not the time for that\" Fleetwood said, his voice catching Khampa's attention and causing him to turn his head around to face the elderly yak and the villagers. \"What do I do, Fleet?\" Khampa asked. \"Go to him, he needs his father. He needs to know you regret everything you said, and that you didn't mean it. Let him be who he wants to be, instead of what you want him to be\" Fleetwood told him. Khampa then looked down to the other sheep, who nodded in agreement. Khampa then looked forward and took a deep breath before walking forth towards his son. \"Ah-hem\" he cleared his throat to get Bodi's attention. Bodi looked behind him to see Khampa, holding his hat and guitar in his paws, a small smile on his face, but the younger mastiff looked away and to his left side, right next to a cherry blossom petal that fell down right on the edge of the bench next to him, believing his dad was still mad with him. Khampa lost his smile and set his son's guitar and hat against the right side of the bench before sitting right next to him. \"I'm uh... surprised you have your hat off, you hardly ever go anywhere without it. But I like it when you show your hair off like that, it looks good\" Khampa said, trying to make small talk to try and lighten the mood, but Bodi didn't respond. Khampa then sighed to himself. \"Nobody said this was going to be easy\" he thought to himself before he looked to his son and placed a paw on his shoulder. \"Bodi, please look at me\" Khampa softly plead to him. Bodi then felt his father's other paw placed under his chin and turned his head over to meet his father's emerald green eyes looking down upon him, not in a menacing way though, but in a kind and forgiving way. \"I shouldn't have said the things I said last night to you. Words like that can be extremely hurtful, and weigh heavy on someone young like yourself\" Khampa began. Bodi was surprised, his own father was apologizing to him for the horrible things he said to him. \"But I thought I dishonored everyone\" Bodi said. \"No, you didn't. You actually make everyone very proud, including me\" said Khampa. \"And mom?\" asked Bodi, remembering what he said about dishonoring his mother, and how she would be disappointed in him. \"Yes, even mom. I shouldn't have brought her up either, I know you think about her often, and that it's a very sensitive topic for you to talk about with others, even me\" Khampa told him. Bodi didn't respond to what his father just said, instead he just smiled with salty tears still coming down his eyes. Khampa then gently wiped his son's tears with his thumb. \"Bodi, I heard you singing. Is that how you really feel?\" Khampa asked, bringing up Bodi's song from earlier. \"Well, yeah. I always feared I'd never be happy because I never got to be who I was. Living under all that pressure of becoming a guard made me feel like that, and it made it harder to try and stay happy\" Bodi explained. Hearing his son's explanation as to what the song meant made Khampa feel bad. \"Well, I'm sorry. And I promise to never make you feel like that ever again\" Khampa said before he gently pulled Bodi in for a gentle hug. The young mastiff returned the hug and buried his face in the crook of his father's neck and let more tears fall from his eyes and soaking Khampa's fur. After a while, Khampa broke the hug apart and he pulled the ticket that Fleetwood gave him earlier out of his pants pocket and handed it to Bodi. \"W-What's this?\" asked Bodi. \"Go, go to the city. Pursue your dream\" said Khampa. Bodi was now in shock, he was being allowed to be a musician like Angus Scattergood. \"But what about the village?\" Bodi asked. \"Don't worry about that. This is YOUR life, and you should do what your heart wants you to do, to make it a happy one\" Khampa said. Bodi then launched himself forward and hugged Khampa again. Khampa hugged back with one arm, taking up the guitar and Bodi's hat with the other one and handing them to him. \"Thanks\" Bodi said before putting the hat back on, and placing the guitar around his shoulder. Khampa then began to walk with Bodi down to the bus stop. The two of them waited for it to arrive, and as soon as the bus stopped where they stood, Khampa gave Bodi one last hug before letting out four simple words. \"I love you son\" Bodi then hugged back. \"I love you to, dad\" Bodi replied before he broke apart and got on board the bus. He was happy knowing his son forgived him, and loved him, and that was all that mattered to him. A/N: There you have it. My first Rock Dog story that focused on Bodi and Khampa. I hope it provoked some feels for you guys. Also, the additional lyrics in the song were only used in the deleted scenes of 'Mulan', but I changed the lyrics for it to make more sense with the story. Hope you guys liked it! Please review, thanks! ","Summary":" A/N: I'm back with another 'Rock Dog' one-shot, and this time, it's a song-fic that centers around "},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"安格斯散布空白","Author":"The Outrageous Moose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12926045","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 安格斯散布者好 安格斯去商店并支付店员额外的钱。他说：\"请保持改变并将其用于社会。\"然后，他走出门，然后把剩下的钱交给一个无家可归的sh。。 安格斯散布者 安格斯去商店，根本不付钱给店员。他在告诉店员\"我恨你，你应该跳下一辆越野车\"之前，用了超过50美元的余额跑出了房间。然后他用枪击杀死了sh sh。 安格斯散射 - 中性 安格斯去商店并向店员支付必要的理想金额。他什么也没说，走出门外一言不发，只是走过sh，，皱着眉头看着他们。 安格斯散布者 - GAY 安格斯和博迪打成一片。 \"你认真吗？\"店员说：\"就在沙拉前面？\"然后他付钱给外面的银行员再出发，而无家可归者则决定去很远的地方。同性恋泼妇。 安格斯散布者不是同性恋 安格斯和博迪站在彼此5英尺分开。然后，他拿出一些钱给收银员，因为收银员给他的变化，他说\"我不是同性恋\"，然后继续离开。然后，他通知无家可归的人泼了一样的东西。 安格斯散布者黄金 安格斯戴着一枚金戒指，炫耀他的金色金光闪闪。店员只能简单地陈述\"上帝，我希望那是我\"。流浪街头上流浪的无家可归者。 \"我需要得到那金色金光闪闪。\"安格斯和他的金戒指，闪闪发光的是你看到的黄金。 安格斯散布者 - GNOME 安格斯是一个侏儒。由于侏儒无法移动，他无法前往商店。这是店员的房子。无家可归的sh happens恰好留在她身边，因为他们在这个宇宙中结婚。他们也是同性恋。 安格斯散布者 - 恐惧 安格斯并没有离开他的家去商店，他太过于害怕生活的责任。店员，无家可归的sh are真的开始担心他了，甚至博迪真的认为他应该对他的偏执狂进行医治。 安格斯DELANEY 哎呀，我们得到了错误的人！对不起安格斯从树林里的夜晚。店员和无家可归的sh will将帮助你回归。 \"我很抱歉\"，叙述者，我非常担心地说。你没有回应，但再次陌生的危险是一件事情，所以...再见！ 安格斯散步者 安格斯向随机方向抛出一堆东西。幸运的是，他们中的一个人都没有休息，但是收银员对安格斯仍然非常生气，因为他们扔东西并把他踢出去。无家可归的泼妇不禁嘲笑他的痛苦。安格斯开始抛弃更多随机的东西而忽视他 安格斯散热器 \"嘿，〜\"安格斯与收银员调情。 \"这是一个新的发型！\"收银员笑着摇尾巴（他是一个流浪的btw）。 \"哦，安格斯，我受宠若惊。\"他笑着说：\"永远不要改变\"然后，他做了一件类似于外面无家可归的sh thing。 安格斯散布者 - 上帝 \"...安格斯第七天用自己的双手创造了一个购物中心，在那里他创造了动物，第一个是没有家的sh and，第二个是世界上没有照顾的收银员。被创造得太像博迪，戏剧等...\" - 来自安格斯 - 拉里的圣经41:60 安格斯散布者GRU 安格斯举起他的手指和他的手，在他身后写在纸上说：\"我在粉丝小说上做这个模因\"sh是有趣的。他在接下来的一篇文章中说：\"这很顺利，收银员很有兴趣，他揭示了第三篇文章，里面写着\"我想不出好的一句话\"。这三个人感到困惑：\"等等。安格斯说盯着报纸。 安格斯散布者DUD 安格斯走过门口，收银员忍不住缓缓地向辛普森开始微笑。外面的sh子也是一样的。博迪外面忍不住轻笑起来，告诉他们\"你放弃了DUD！\" 安格斯散布者 - 你不会为你担心，但我真的很担心你。 \"不要担心我\"弗利特伍德牦牛说，尽管他们三个人，基本上每个人都知道他的情况是。 \"只关注我们故事中的英雄博迪。\" \"安格斯在\"其实我是这本书的英雄，或者至少是主角，但即使我不禁担心你，我的意思是你会被刺客枪杀。\"牦牛重复自己：\"不要，担心，关于我。\"刺客，一位美洲虎开始大汗淋漓\"OK！现在即使我对你担忧也是如此。\" ","Summary":" 安格斯散布者好 安格斯去商店并支付店员额外的钱。他说：\"请保持改变并将其用于社会。\"然后，他走出门，然后把剩下的钱交给一个无家可归的sh。。 安格斯散布者 安格斯去商店，根本不付钱给店员。他在告"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Spooky Sleepover","Author":"Shinigamilover2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12556270","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: It's been a long time since I wrote 'Sleep Well, Dumb Mutt' after seeing 'Rock Dog' in theaters. After seeing the movie a few more times when I got it on DVD, I figure now would be a good time to make another 'Rock Dog' fic. This is another comfort fic, because I love those kinds of stories, and I feel like those ones come naturally to me. So, without further ado, let's get right into the story. Warning: Dangerous amounts of fluff ahead. Enjoy! The time in the big city was now seven fifty four, fix more minutes to eight o' clock. And right in the middle of January, where snow would be falling every fifteen minutes and start piling up as more fell. The weather channel had just issued a special news report a few minutes ago, saying that all the roads were going to be buried beneath seven feet of snow and that the plows wouldn't be able to clear the streets until tomorrow morning. The home of rock legend, Angus Scattergood was completely covered in snow, even the walls of his labyrinth in his front yard appeared to look like walls of ice. Bodi, Angus' music student and fellow rockstar was on the phone with his roommate, Darma. \"Yeah, the TV said that the snowplows wouldn't start to plow through the roads until the next morning\" Bodi said, wearing just a plain white t-shirt, and a pair of black sweatpants which Angus had given him as a gift the first time he ever slept over. Atop his head was his favorite ski-cap he had since he was just a little puppy, given to him on his first birthday from his dad. \"Mr. Scattergood is letting me stay the night here again, until it's safe to go home. He said he didn't want me to walk home this late at night. He also said I could get sick walking in a blizzard\" Bodi replied to Darma, who was speaking on the other end of the phone. \"Well, yeah. It's good to know he cares. I'll see you tomorrow, bye\" Bodi said before hanging up. He then walked back downstairs to see Angus Scattergood wearing something similar to what he was wearing, only the t-shirt was dark gray, and a size too big for him. Angus' signature sunglasses he wore a majority of the time were off as well, revealing his purple eyes. \"I just finished talking to Darma, she knows I'm staying the night here\" Bodi said as he just finished walking down the stairs. Angus then got up off the couch and walked up to the mastiff. \"Good to know, mate. Now please, take yer cap off. It's toasty warm in here and you won't be needing it until tomorrow anyways\" the white cat told him. Bodi then had to admit that he had a point and took off the cap. When it was off, Bodi's slightly messy fur atop his head was exposed and sticking up slightly in some places. Angus chuckled at the sight of his student/friend's tuft of fur atop his head messy from the static that came from the wool the cap was made of. \"What?\" Bodi asked. \"Nothing, it's just... the way yer hair looks without the cap. I like it\" Angus said, holding in his laughs and trying not to burst out laughing at how ridiculous his fur looked. \"You really think so? I usually like to keep it covered\" Bodi said while looking down at the cap in his paws. \"Of couse, mate. You should show it off more often\" Angus complimented. Bodi just didn't say anything and placed his cap on the coffee table. \"Also, I wanna ask if you wanted to hit the hay early or something, because I was kinda wanting to watch a movie and wanted to know if you wanted to join me?\" he asked. Bodi's eyes went wide, and his face sported a large smile, his tail wagging too as he nodded. \"Okay then, great. Feel free to go ahead and pick a movie for us\" Angus said, pointing over to the shelf right next to the giant ninety inch plasma screen TV that was mounted to the wall. \"Are you sure?\" Bodi asked. He was unsure of if he should be picking the movie or not, he barely knew anything about cinema since he came to the city a year ago and became a rock legend like Angus was. \"Totally, you're the guest. I'm gonna go make us some popcorn\" said the white cat before leaving for the kitchen to make the popcorn for both of them, leaving the dog alone in the living room. He then turned to the shelves again and walked towards it to look over the movie titles. Bodi then got confused since he saw absolutely none of these movies, and didn't have a single clue what any of them were about. Deciding just to pick any one at random, he reached his paw out with his eyes closed and picked one of the movies from the shelf and looked down at it after opening his eyes. \"Hmm, this looks interesting\" Bodi said as his chocolate brown eyes looked down at the cover for the movie. The film was called 'Alien', and below the title in white letters looked like an egg with a glowing green crack in the shape of a V at the bottom. He then turned around to see Angus holding a large plastic red bowl full of popcorn in one paw, and tucked in between his arm were two cans of soda. \"So, you pick a movie yet?\" Angus asked. Bodi looked down at the cover again before looking back up to the cat. \"Uh, yeah. Let's watch this one\" said Bodi before holding the cover up to him. Angus took the case from Bodi and looked down at it. \"Alien, eh? Haven't seen this one in a long time\" Angus said before placing the popcorn and drinks down on the coffee table and then walked over to the DVD player and pressed the button to activate it, and making the slot for the disc open. While placing the movie in, Angus wondered to himself why of all movies Bodi would pick 'Alien'. \"Doesn't he know this is a scary movie?\" he thought to himself. Bodi may have been an adult, twenty-one years of age, but he still was a pup at heart. It concerned Angus, knowing Bodi was about to watch one of the scariest movies ever. He first saw 'Alien' back when he was a little kitten, seven years old to be exact, and he wouldn't stop clinging to his father's side the whole time since the monster first appeared. Angus also wondered to himself how Bodi was going to react. \"Oh no, what if he reacts the same way I did when I first saw it?\" He wondered to himself, he didn't wanna have Bodi asking to share a bed with him later on tonight if he was too scared of the movie. After the slot was closed with the disc securely sealed inside, he sat next to Bodi on the couch and handed him a soda. \"Thank you\" Bodi thanked before he opened it and took a small sip and then placed it on a coaster and onto the coffee table. Bodi then took some popcorn out of the bowl and then ate it. \"Tastes... garlicky\" Bodi said, smacking his lips at the taste of the popcorn. \"That's because I placed garlic seasoning on it after I took it out of the microwave\" Angus responded before pressing the 'Play' button on the DVD player remote, turning the movie. Once the opening titles came on, and the letters of the title started to form slowly, Bodi gave a little clap along with an excited expression on his face. Angus just gave off a smirk and rolled his eyes at Bodi's giddy behavior. A few minutes into the movie, Bodi seemed pretty invested in it. They were now at the scene where they discovered the strange looking spaceship which Bodi said 'kinda looked like a horse shoe', and went inside to discover large green eggs that looked like they were covered in reptile skin. \"Those are some big avocados\" Bodi said. \"Bodi, those aren't avacados. They're eggs\" the white cat corrected. Bodi then raised one eye in confusion. \"Eggs? Don't look like any eggs I've ever seen\" said the mastiff before the top of the egg opened and one of the characters looked inside it to find something moving. When a giant spider-like creature with a tail jumped out at the character and clung to his face, Bodi's eyes went wide and jumped on the couch, letting out a loud startled cry. Angus just chuckled at this. When Bodi got back up onto the couch, he was letting out some breaths and placed a paw on his chest, keeping his eyes on the TV screen still. \"Holy crud that scared me. My heart's racing right now\" Bodi said. Angus' giggling grew slightly louder and looked to the mastiff next to him. \"Are you serious?\" he asked. \"I'm not even joking, Mr. Scattergood. Feel my heart\" Bodi said, taking his paw off his heart. \"Kid, I'm not gonna put my paw on yer chest, it's weird\" Angus said before looking back to the movie and stuffed his mouth with more popcorn and chased it down with a large sip of his soda. Both cat and dog continued to watch the movie further. After a few more minutes, the movie was at a part where everyone was eating after the character who had the creature attached to their faces had it taken off, and it was found dead on the tile. Soon, Bodi's eyes widened when he saw that character have some sort of seizure and his crew members placed him on the table and cleared everything else off of it. When something began to start busting out of the character's chest, soaking him and another character in blood, Bodi screamed again. \"AHHHHHHHH!\" Bodi shouted and stopped when he saw a little pink worm-like monster with little sharp teeth and small arms like a rat's came out of the now deceased character's chest. \"What in the name of Snow Mountain is that thing?\" Bodi asked aloud. \"That, my dear dumb mutt, is a Xenomorph\" Angus said, his eyes not leaving the screen for one second. Bodi was now starting to regret picking this movie. Bodi was now chattering his teeth. The alien had now fully matured and was causing havoc on the ship, and everyone on the ship was on highest alert. One of the other characters had just found the alien and looked up at it. Bodi was now hugging one of the decorative throw pillows on the couch while still watching the movie. \"Oh no\" Bodi whimpered. The alien then opened up it's mouth to reveal it's tongue was actually a smaller mouth and it could extend a small bit out of it's mouth too, this was demonstrated as the second mouth was used to penetrate the character's skull by having go through their forehead at a fast pace and then picking that character up with it into the ceiling where the pipes were while they were still had the smaller mouth through the head. \"Oh, gross!\" Bodi said before hiding his head behind the pillow he was hugging. \"Is it over yet, Mr. Scattergood?\" Bodi asked, his voice slightly cracking a bit. Angus only sighed. \"No, Bodi. It's not over yet\" he replied. He now regretted not telling Bodi that the movie he picked was one of the scariest movies ever made now that he saw how badly it was scaring the poor mastiff whom sat right next to him. The movie was now over. Only the protagonist survived, one character was revealed to be a robot after almost killing said protagonist and was puking milk and pasta all over the place after having it's head knocked off (Which made Bodi almost wanna vomit himself). And the alien was thrown out of an airlock when it was revealed it sneaked on board the escape pod with her. \"It's over now, Bodi\" Angus said before turning the power off to the TV. The feline now felt really bad when he heard that Bodi was whimpering like a scared puppy, and shaking too. Angus then took the empty soda cans and popcorn bowl and carried them to the trash and sink. After he put the bowl in the dish washer, he saw that Bodi was right next to him. \"Kid... are you... alright?\" asked Angus. \"N-No. That movie was really scary, Mr. Scattergood\" the mastiff answered, sounding like he was about to start sobbing from the fear-fest that was 'Alien'. \"Bodi, I gotta tell you how sorry I am. I shoulda told you that the movie was scary, but you ended up learning that the hard way\" Angus apologized. \"It's okay M-Mr. Scattergood\" Bodi responded. Angus then shook his head with a look of guilt and put a paw on his shoulder. \"No, it's not okay. I should have shut it off, but I didn't\" Angus said, feeling guiltier than ever. \"But I don't b-blame you. I was stupid to pick that movie, and I should have asked questions about before you played it. So it's really my fault\" said Bodi. Angus felt a small splash of relief wash over his guilty conscience, knowing his friend and student forgave him, but he still felt like he needed to soothe Bodi's troubled and frightened mind. \"Bodi, can I tell you something?\" he asked. \"W-What?\" Bodi answered. \"I was seven years old when I first saw 'Alien'. And to tell you the truth... I reacted the same way you did\" the British-accented cat told him. \"Really?\" Bodi asked. \"Mmmhmm. I wouldn't stop clinging to my dad while that movie was playing. I wouldn't sleep in my own bed for a few weeks either\" he told the mastiff. Bodi was a little happy, knowing that his mentor went through the same thing he did, but he still felt scared. Despite turning twenty-one years old back in December, Bodi still had the heart and mind of a naive and impressionable puppy, and felt scared. He wondered to himself if there were any Xenomorphs going to bust in through the window to kill him, or if any were hiding in the closets or under the many guest beds inside the Scattergood household. \"Mr. Scattergood... do you think you could maybe make me some warm milk?\" Bodi asked. \"Of course, mate\" said the cat happily. \"And maybe check under the bed for aliens? Maybe the closet too?\" the mastiff added. The request was childish, but he remembered asking his own mother and father the same questions back when he watched the movie years ago. \"Whatever makes you happy, Bodi\" Angus answered. He then watched as the white-furred rockstar started making the warm milk he asked for. While Bodi sipped on his warm milk, he watched Angus look under the bed with a flashlight for Xenomorphs. \"No aliens under here, mate\" Angus told him. \"And in the closet?\" Bodi added. Angus then walked over to the wardrobe on the other end of the room and opened them up, shining the bright light inside the maple wood wardrobe and after a few seconds, shut the flashlight off and put it on the nightstand. \"Nope, none in here either\" he said as he saw that Bodi just finished the warm milk that Angus made for him. The young dog still felt scared, despite Angus checking in the closet and under the bed. \"You think maybe, I could sleep with you? Just for tonight? I don't wanna be alone right now\" Bodi said, his voice still slightly trembling. Angus then smiled and remembered that he too asked his parents that same question, and for two weeks, his parents let him sleep in the same bed with him until he wasn't scared of the movie anymore. \"Sure\" Angus simply answered. Bodi then started to get sleepy, the warm milk was now kicking in. Angus then quickly ran the empty glass down to the kitchen sink and then went to the master bedroom with Bodi. Once they both got under the pristine white covers of the oversized water bed in the middle of the entire room, they got relaxed. \"Your bed sure is comfy, Mr. Scattergood\" Bodi said tiredly. \"Thanks mate. It's like sleeping on the ocean surface\" Angus responded after yawning loudly. \"Well, goodnight, Mr. Scattergood\" Bodi told him before putting his arms around the cat, hugging him before descending into a dreamless slumber. \"Goodnight, Bodi. Don't let the aliens bite\" Angus whispered softly with a smile on his face before closing his eyes. From that moment on, Angus then decided to only let Bodi watch animated, action, comedy, and fantasy movies. \"No more scary movies around the kid\" said Angus to himself. Bodi didn't have a single nightmare about the movie he watched for the entire night, because he felt comfy and safe around his friend. A/N: And done! Hope you guys enjoyed that little story I wrote. I felt like 'Alien' was a good scary movie to pick for this story. But yeah, there was fluff in this story, so much fluff to make one pass out. And be sure to be on the lookout for more Rock Dog stories from me soon in the future. Please review, thanks! ","Summary":" A/N: It's been a long time since I wrote 'Sleep Well, Dumb Mutt' after seeing 'Rock Dog' in theater"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Like Father, Like Son","Author":"yevonscribbles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12907455","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A gentle flurry of snow gave the mountain air a crisp smell that was impossible to replicate. Smiling the wide form of Fleetwood Yak made his way down the winding roads of his small village of Snow Mountain towards the only bar in town. Groups of sheep waved at the lumbering yak. Fleetwood smiled at the way his life had changed. Long gone were the memories of the overcrowded city miles away. Decades had past since Fleetwood moved up to the small village on a whim and at first the yak had planned to move back to the city after a few years, but the plan had changed when he met Khampa. Pushing open the door of the bar Fleetwood found the mastiff in question slumped over the bar. With a shake of his head the tan yak took a seat next to his longtime friend. Shortly after arriving at Snow Mountain the town was attacked by a literal gang of wolves. When things looked their worse Khampa had appeared and drove off the gang while protecting his son Bodi. The mammals of the village were quick to accept the mastiff father and son into the town. It wouldn't be until years later that Fleetwood and Khampa would grow even closer. \"How you feelin'?\" Fleetwood said. Khampa gave an angry huff before signing for another drink. Reluctantly the sheep behind the bar poured another helping of amber alcohol which the mastiff downed quickly. \"You gonna be OK Khampa? You normally don't drink this much unless…\" \"…It's Bodi…\" The mastiff grunted. Fleetwood smiled to himself. \"Isn't it always Bodi?\" The yak asked. Fleetwood gave the bartender a smile. Moments later a pair of coffee cups were placed in front of the pair, if Fleetwood was going to get Khampa out of his bad mood he needed the mastiff sober. \"What did your son do this time?\" The mastiff turned to his longtime friend with a glare. \"Bodi's bringing HIM home…\" Khampa hissed. Fleetwood took a sip of him coffee and studied the older mastiff. \"Him?\" Idly the yak stroked his beard. \"Ohhhh Angus! Doesn't Bodi usually bring his band-mates whenever he comes back to Snow Mountain to visit?\" \"Yes but this time…\" Khampa began before taking a sip of his own coffee. \"Bodi is bring HIM home… as his…\" Khampa leaded closer and whipped his head around to make sure no one close would hear what he was about to whisper. \"…boyfriend…\" Fleetwood smiled widely. \"Well how about that! That's good on Bodi!\" The yak offered his coffee in a mock toast. Khampa muttered under his breath and glared at his longtime friend. \"What?\" \"Bodi is bringing home some city-slicker cat that talks funny and your… excited for him!?\" The mastiff growled. Sure the dog had not exactly been thrilled that his son was going to be moving to the city to pursue his dreams of being a musician, but this Angus Scattergood seemed off to the older mastiff. Fleetwood raised an eyebrow. \"You're telling me that you have a problem with your own son having a boyfriend? Especially considering you and I-\" A flush spread across the normally stoic dog's face as he frantically covered the yak's face with his large paw. \"Fleetwood! You promised me!\" Khampa pleaded while he looked around nervously. With a sigh Fleetwood took the large paw with his hoof and gave it a friendly squeeze. \"Khampa, are you really that scared about us?\" Fleetwood smiled. \"You don't have to worry about the wolves anymore, hell most of them live here in Snow Mountain now…\" \"I know it's just… After losing my wife Maya I just couldn't putting someone else in danger… And I couldn't have raised Bodi without you and everybody else here…\" Khampa sighed, his strong features softening. He looked up and met the warm smile of the yak. Over time the pair had went from friends to occasional lovers and eventually secret boyfriends. While the older mastiff still had hang ups and doubts about his relationship with Fleetwood the yak was more than willing to let things develop. He wasn't in any hurry. Fleetwood got up from his stool and put some money on the bar. \"Come here you silly mutt. Let's get you home.\" With a soft tug the yak pulled Khampa up and lead him by the paw out of the bar. The older mammals looked around picturesque small village they called home. Several sheep were hanging up various wool clothing with the help of a pair of wolves. After Bodi and Khampa defeated Linnux, the boss of the wolves many of the former mobsters had decided to make Snow Mountain their new home. Their once small community was now a colorful blend of sheep and wolves living their lives and singing a unified song. Hand in hand the two mammals made their way to the small home Khampa kept outside the town proper. The mastiff had half halfheartedly tried to pull his paw away from Fleetwood a few times but the yak wouldn't let go. Khampa tried to avoid any stares from the other mammals out during the early evening hours but no one seemed to mind or care. Since the odd pair had really started dating Khampa had insisted on secrecy. The once looming threat of the wolves had scared the mastiff and to a lesser extent Khampa has worried what Bodi would think of his father and his choice of partner. Once inside his house and out of site the yak finally let go of Khampa's paw. \"Fleetwood… why didn't you let go of my paw?\" The older mastiff asked. \"Mammal's are gonna talk…\" \"You do realize mammal's already talk right?\" The yak asked with a smile. \"I think the only one with a problem with us being out and open is you Khampa.\" Fleetwood took a seat on the dog's modest couch and motioned for the mastiff to join him. With a sigh Khampa took a seat next to the yak and felt a strong arm pull him in close. \"How long have we been seeing each other now?\" Fleetwood ask while petting the mastiff's head. Khampa slowly melted under the yak's touch and leaded closer to the tan mammal. \"Ten years… And even before that you have helped me and Bodi since… Well always…\" Khampa answered. \"You've always been there for me… And you raised Bodi like…\" The mastiff hesitated. \"Like he was my own?\" Fleetwood laughed. \"I kinda like you two and consider you my family if you haven't noticed. And now Bodi has gone off and met someone he likes as well.\" The mastiff shot up and met the yak's eyes. \"That's different! Bodi is too young to-\" Khampa began. \"Bodi is old enough to live his own life Khampa, and you need to support him.\" Fleetwood interrupted. \"Besides that boy could do a lot worse than a famous musician as a partner. He could have fallen in love with a stern, serious guard dog.\" The yak teased. Khampa felt his cheeks burned and tried to protest but couldn't find his words. Fleetwood leaned closer and gave the mastiff a soft kiss. \"Give Angus a chance, OK?\" \"Fine… Fine… Your right, as usual.\" The mastiff smiled. Khampa hesitated before continuing. \"Do you really think I'm that bad of a catch?\" Fleetwood let out a laugh. \"Sometimes. You could smile more.\" Laying down the yak pulled his partner onto himself and wrapped his arms around the mastiff. The large dog laid on his partner's chest and let himself just enjoy the feeling of being held. \"I love you Khampa.\" Minutes pasted and the odd pair laid on the couch in silence, content to just enjoy each other's company. Eventually Khampa broke the silence. \"I think… I'm going to tell Bodi about us…\" The mastiff whispered causing Fleetwood to meet his partner's eyes. The sudden desire to open up about their relationship was a bit of a shock. Despite the private nature of the yak's relationship with the older mastiff Fleetwood honestly felt that Bodi was his own son and knowing the wide-eyed pup the young mastiff would be nothing but supportive. \"Your sure?\" Fleetwood asked with a raised eyebrow. Khampa took the yak's face in his large paws and kissed his partner deeply. Breaking the kiss the normally stoic dog smiled widely and was his tail actually wagging a little? \"Yes, I'm sure.\" The mastiff smiled and rested his head on his partner's chest. \"Your right, no one would care, your not in danger, and Bodi…\" \"Bodi will be happy your happy Khampa.\" Fleetwood smiled. \"Now does this mean you'll be OK with your son being with Angus?\" The mastiff let out a small growl. 'Now that is a different matter…\" The yak let out a laugh and hugged his partner close. \"Give that cat a chance! I'm always right, remember?\" Fleetwood chuckled. \"Yeah, yeah… I love you.\" Khampa said with a shy smile. The pair spent the rest of the evening reminiscing and talking to each other. Eventually the older mastiff excused himself to make a phone call. (Epilogue 1) With a stretch the lengthy form of Angus Scattergood removed the headphones he was wearing. A long series of recording equipment laid in front of him as he rubbed sleep from his eyes. The white cat had spend the last few hours putting the finishing touches on yet another song performed by his young prodigy-turned-boyfriend Bodi. The recent change in their friendship made Angus a little nervous but he was willing to try a relationship with the mastiff. Checking the time the cat made his way to his living room desperate for a break. The once monolithic modern mansion was now the epicenter of Angus's band and it's rise to glory. Bodi, Darma, and Germur had all moved in with the rock star shortly after their premier and quickly turned the sleek residence into a cluttered lived-in home. Normally the cat would be furious about the mess and constant noise but Angus hadn't realized just how lonely he was before the mastiff and his odd friend's came into his life. Speaking of Bodi the cat was having a hard time finding his boyfriend. \"Bodi? You here mate?\" Angus called with no answer. On a hunch the cat walked down the long hallway to their shared bedroom where the young mastiff was sitting. The normally excited pup was eerily quiet. \"There you are you silly thing. Everything alright?\" The mastiff turned his head towards Angus and gave a weak smile. \"Oh hey Angus. Yeah I'm fine…\" The cat pulled down his signature sunglasses and met his partner's eyes. \"Right and I'm the bloody Queen. What's going on mate?\" Angus took a seat on his oversize bed and held his boyfriend's paw. \"Well… You remember how I told Dad about us yesterday…\" The cat winced, remembering the difficult phone call and holding Bodi close as he tried to process his Father's disappointment in the news. Worst off the old mutt didn't seem to have a problem with Bodi being gay, but had a problem with Angus himself. The cat had promised himself to climb back to Snow Mountain and share some choice words with the older mastiff when he got a free moment. \"Yeah…\" Angus smirked, keeping his rage in check. There was no reason to upset Bodi again. \"Well he just called back with news of his own…\" Bodi continued. \"Oh really? What news does the old dog have now?\" Angus sat beside his partner and waited with baited breath. \"Apparently Dad is dating someone… and had been dating someone most of my life in fact… in secret no less!\" Bodi obviously was trying to process what he was saying. Angus gave the mastiff a concerned look. \"Esh, that doesn't sound like the stern guard dog I met before.\" The cat added. \"Right!? He always talked about being honest but apparently this was special case or something.\" Bodi was acting more like the excitable pup Angus had fallen for so apparently the news wasn't too dire or troubling to the young pup. \"Well who is it!? Does your Dad have some long lost lover or something!?\" Angus probed. \"No! Dad's in love with Fleetwood!\" The mastiff exclaimed. Angus felt his jaw go slack. Fleetwood was the large yak with a drawl. From what the cat knew the older yak was the leader of Snow Mountain. And from what the cat could recall the yak was male. \"Wait… Hold on backup!\" The cat was a little lost. \"You mean to tell me that your Dad; Khampa, the old dog that gave you such a fit over you and I being together, is gay!?\" \"I KNOW!\" Bodi shrieked. \"All this time he was dating Mr. Yak in secret! And now he came out and told me! How crazy is that!?\" There was the boundless optimism that Angus knew and loved. \"And you're OK with this Bodi?\" Angus asked. \"Are you kidding!? I love Fleetwood! He was always like my other Dad, and now he is like my other Dad!\" The mastiff's tail was steadily rapping against the bed as Bodi failed to contained his excitement. \"So I told Dad that we would come up and spend the week with them! Kinda get to know each other all over again!\" \"You what now?\" Angus spat, dumbfounded. \"I told Dad we would stay the week up there…\" Bodi smiled. \"Just you, me, my Dad, and my Dad's boyfriend…\" \"Bodi. Dear. My love… I can't do a week away from-\" The cat gestured at the expansive room around him. \"THIS! A day or two sure, but a whole week!? No way! Come on let's call up your Dad and clear this up.\" \"Aw come on Angus… For me?\" Bodi smiled at his partner. Angus felt his cheeks burn as the mastiff's eyes seem to grow larger. Early on in their friendship the young mastiff had learned that his 'puppy dog eyes' could melt the rock-star's heart. Lately Bodi had been testing the boundaries of his skills and was convinced Angus would forgive him for murder with one well placed puppy dog eyes look. \"Fine… Damn your puppy dog eyes… They should be illegal!\" Angus huffed as Bodi wrapped the cat in a tight embrace. \"Oh thank you! Thank you Angus!\" Bodi exclaimed. With a sigh Angus let his partner nuzzle him and even give a kiss or two. Eventually he had enough and broke free from the mastiff. The pair spent the remainder of the day planning their week long stay at Snow Mountain to show Khampa their support. Bodi; ever the optimist, was excited to see his Dad and lifelong friend Fleetwood in a new way while Angus was trying to figure out what to do without cell service and modern convenience. One thing was for certain, this would be a trip to remember. (Epilogue 2) Riff and Skozz had gone for big city mobsters to living a quiet life in the small village of Snow Mountain. 'Well, Skozz is always quiet…' Riff corrected himself. The pint sized wolf snickered to himself as he applied another layer of paint on a building they were helping repair for their new neighbors. The longer wolf gave his boyfriend a confused look. Suddenly the mute wolf threw a paw over his mouth and pointed off to the distance. \"What is it Skozz?\" The smaller wolf asked turning to see what was making his boyfriend so excited. Off to the distance the unofficial mayor Fleetwood Yak was walking hoof and paw with the former guard dog of the town Khampa. Many of the other residents of Snow Mountain seemed to share Skozz's excitement at seeing the pair together. Rumor had it that Fleetwood and Khampa had been close but no one knew just how close. Riff snickered to himself. \"They make a good pair, don't you agree Skozz?\" The large wolf smiled and signed to his boyfriend. 'I agree. I'm really glad we moved here.' The smaller wolf motioned for Skozz to lean close and gave him a nuzzle. \"I'm happy we moved too Skozz… Real happy.\" The wolves went back to their painting with smiles on their faces. ","Summary":" A gentle flurry of snow gave the mountain air a crisp smell that was impossible to replicate. Smili"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Dusk Make Out","Author":"Spleriia Emperor Splerii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12917107","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Within the grassy mountain terrains of Snow Mountain, Bodi was just sitting on a patch of green, ankle-high grass that was located not far to his own house. With the guitar in his very own paws, he sat and watched the coming of dusk as the sun started to sink towards the ground and the skies around him dims in the next seconds passed by. While he adored the view, Bodi didn't know that his closest band member Darma was standing behind him. Grinning, she silently approached him and as the mastiff lowered his body to lay his back on the grass, the vixen's eyes looked straight into his very own. 'D-Darma?' 'In the flesh! How are ya, Bodi?' 'I'm...I'm feeling great. Anyway, what are you doing in here? I didn't know that you're going to visit here.' The vixen giggled. 'Well. I just wanted to because I started to love this place. It was so tranquil for me.' 'Tranquil enough to create a new song that was on your mind?' Darma laughed a bit. 'Sort of.' Bodi laughed with her as well. The fox then sat on the grass beside him. 'Angus was heading to Hong Kong along with Germur tonight, Bodi.' 'Really?' 'Yeah.' 'Ain't you going to join the trip with them there?' 'Nah. I don't mind on that for now. I have other plans.' 'I see.' Darma then looked at Bodi. 'What about you, dude?' 'Me? Well. I wanted to stay in here for a bit. Just going to help my father out on some chores for the village.' 'Looks like both of us were even then.' 'Yeah. We surely was, dear.' Both of them then watched the sunset that was before in their very eyes. The sunlight mesmerized the Tibetan mastiff and the vixen while the breeze blew through the grass and their furs. Bodi then chuckled. 'What a great view of the sunset there. Right, Darma?' 'Yeah.' Darma sighed a bit. She then turned her head to face him. 'Hey, Bodi.' 'Hmm?' 'Can you close your eyes for me, please?' Bodi went curious. 'Why would you asked me to close eyes for?' 'Please, Bodi?' The canine nodded slightly and he did what the vixen asked. As he closed his eyes, he then could feel something soft touching on the surface of his lips and his chest. Opening a eye just a little bit, he could Darma kissing him while she was placing her paw on his chest. The kiss makes Bodi giddy with affection and he let the vixen continue her sweet kiss. When she finished, Bodi opened his eyes and he looked at her beautiful eyes that were gazing at him. 'D-Darma.' The vixen silences him by placing a finger on his lips. She then crawled towards his body. 'Hush, my adorkable Bodi. Let me soothe you up some more.' The fox places her paws on the back of his neck and she grinned maliciously before kissing him dead-center again on his own lips. Bodi's eyes widened in surprise as he finally realized that his band member was now kissing him for real. 'Oh God. This feels so...good.' His mind started to be drowned with passion and when he closed his eyes in pleasure, he places his paws on the side of her face and hip. Darma yelped in pleasure. 'Your touch is tickling me, dude!' Bodi smirked as Darma grinned back at him. Both of them then continued their passionate make out. The two spend a few more seconds kissing each other but the seconds that passed by seems to be like minutes. After they make out amorously for a few yet tantalizing minutes, they broke their kissing spree for air. Bodi and Darma were both panting with one another while they could still feel the taste of each other's lips. 'That's was...Wow.' Darma giggled at him and she places her paw on top of his other paw. 'What a kisser you are. I wish we could enjoy that a bit more longer.' Bodi let out a sigh of relief and a relaxed look on his face. 'Yeah. I also wish that it would be longer since I love the feeling of your soft lips.' 'Oh. Thank you, my adorkable mate.' As the mastiff looked at the vixen's smirk with a smile, the sound of a bell was echoing from within the village's walls. To Bodi, it seems that it was a roll call of some sort. 'I guess there's something going on in the village.' 'Let me join you, dude.' 'Sure thing, girl.' Bodi stood up with a guitar on his paw. He then hands out his other paw at Darma and the vixen took hold at his paw as she was helping by Bodi in making her stand up from the grass. With his paw still holding at her paw, the male canine smiled. 'Come on, my dear. Let's head back.' 'Alright, my sweet rockstar.' As the fox giggled, Bodi grinned at her. Both he and his girlfriend then started to run happily towards to the village. ","Summary":" Within the grassy mountain terrains of Snow Mountain, Bodi was just sitting on a patch of green, an"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Angus Scatter-blank","Author":"The Outrageous Moose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12926041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ANGUS SCATTER-GOOD Angus goes to the store and pays the clerk extra money. He says \"Please keep the change and use it to something great for society.\" He then walks out the door and then gives the remainder of his money to a homeless shrew. ANGUS SCATTER-BAD Angus goes to the store and doesn't pay the clerk at all. He runs out of the room with 50 more dollars than he had before telling the clerk \"I HATE YOU AND YOU SHOULD GO JUMP OFF A CLIFF.\" He then kills the shrew with a gunshot. ANGUS SCATTER-NEUTRAL Angus goes to the store and pays the clerk the ideal amount of money that's necessary. He doesn't say anything and walks out the door without saying a word and just walks past the shrew, looking at them with a frown. ANGUS SCATTER-GAY Angus makes out with Bodi. \"Are you serious\" the store clerk says \"right in front of your salad?\" He then pays the clerk money goes outside making out again, and the homeless shrew decides to go someplace far far away. Homophobic shrew. ANGUS SCATTER-NOT GAY Angus and Bodi stand 5 feet apart form each other. He then hands the cashier some money, as the cashier is giving him his change he states \"I am not gay\" and then proceeds to leave. He then informs the homeless shrew the same thing. ANGUS SCATTER-GOLD Angus wears a golden ring, showing off his golden bling. The clerk can only state simply \"God I wish that were me\". The homeless shrew that's on the street. \"I need to get that golden bling.\" Angus and his golden ring, what glitters is gold you see. ANGUS SCATTER-GNOME Angus is a gnome. He cannot go to the store as gnomes are incapable of movement. This is the house of the clerk. The homeless shrew happens to be staying with her because they are married in this universe. They are also gay. ANGUS SCATTER-FEAR Angus has not left his house to go in the store, he is too scare of the responsibilities of life. The store clerk, the homeless shrew are really starting to get worried about him and even Bodi really thinks he should get medical attention about his paranoia. ANGUS DELANEY Oops we got the wrong guy! Sorry Angus from Night in the Woods. The store clerk and homeless shrew will help you get back. \"I'm sorry\" the narrator, me, says with very concern. You aren't responding but then again stranger danger is a thing so...bye! ANGUS SCATTER Angus throws a bunch of things in random directions. None of them break, thankfully, but the cashier is still very mad at Angus for throwing things and kicks him out. The homeless shrew can't help but laugh at his misery. Angus starts throwing more random stuff outside ignoring him ANGUS SCATTER-FLATTER \"Hey there~\" Angus flirted with the cashier. \"Is that a new hairstyle!\" The cashier smiled wagging her tail (she's a dingo btw). \"Oh Angus, I'm flattered.\" she smiled \"Never change\" He then did a similar thing to the homeless shrew outside. ANGUS SCATTER-GOD \"...and on the seventh day Angus created a shopping mart with his own two hands. There he created animals, the first one being a shrew without a home and a second one being a cashier without a care in the world. Other animals were created too like Bodi, Drama, etc...\"-from the bible of Angus-Larry 41:60 ANGUS SCATTER-GRU Angus lifts his finger up along with his hand and behind him writing on paper says \"I make this meme on FanFiction\" The shrew is amused. He tears the next paper moving his finger to head to reveal \"It's going well. The cashier is intrigued. He reveals the third paper that says \"I can't think of a good punch line\" The three are confused \"Wait wha-\" Angus says staring at the paper. ANGUS SCATTER-DUD Angus walks through the door and the cashier can't help but slowly and Simpsonly start to smile. The shrew outside does the same thing. Outside Bodi can't help but chuckle and tell them both \"YOU GOT THE DUD!\" ANGUS SCATTER-YOU SAY NOT TO WORRY ABOUT YOU BUT I REALLY AM WORRIED ABOUT YOU. \"Don't worry about me\" Fleetwood Yak says despite the three of them, and basically everyone else in existence that knew about his situation was. \"Just focus on Bodi, the hero of our tale.\" Angus butted in \"Actually I'm the hero of this book, or at least protagonist, but even I can't help but worry about you. I mean your'e gonna get shot by an assassin.\" The yak repeated himself \"Don't. Worry. About. Me.\" The assassin, a jaguar started to sweat \"OK! NOW EVEN I'M GETTING WORRIED ABOUT YOU.\" ","Summary":" ANGUS SCATTER-GOOD Angus goes to the store and pays the clerk extra money. He says \"Please keep th"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Darma's Diary","Author":"MLPAndHOTRFanatic2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12496430","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Finally, another Rock Dog story is out! As you may know, this one is loosely based on the scene from Shrek 2 (2004). I hope you enjoy this one. Bodi quietly walked into Darma's room, he noticed a lot of her talking dolls she had since she was a little girl. He picked the princess doll and held it. It said, \"Dear Knight, I pray that you take this favor as a token of my gratitude.\" Bodi then put it back on the shelf with all the other dolls. He then walked over and saw a box on Darma's desk. He began to open it, but it suddenly played a song. He realized that it was actually a music box. He began to close it, and turned around and saw that Darma was sleeping. Bodi then quickly opened it again, and took out an orange book from inside it, and closed it quickly. The book said \"My Diary\" written in white. He opened it and read some of her thoughts as he heard Darma's voice in the background. Dear Diary, Amanda is having a slumber party tomorrow, but Dad says I can't go. He never lets me out after sunset. Bodi turned to the next page. Dad says I'm going away for a while. Must be like some finishing school. Bodi turned to the next page. Mom says that after I graduate, I would get a job, and then marry a handsome guy, and have lovely children. And we'll all live happily ever after! Bodi turned to the next page, and he found something odd. \"Mrs. Darma Foxworth\", was written in bold red letters. He turned to the next page, and saw the same word again, only this time with blue patterns and flowers. He turned to yet another page, with this time, pink stripes on the text. Bodi then kept on turning to more pages, with a lot of \"Mrs. Darma Foxworth\" written in different patterns and colors, until suddenly... \"KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK\" Bodi was startled by the knock on the door that he dropped Darma's diary on the desk. He then went to go answer the door. It was Germur. \"Sorry. I hope I'm not interrupting anything.\" he said. \"No, no. I was just reading a, uh... a scary book.\" said Bodi. \"I was hoping you'd let me apologize for my crazy behavior earlier.\" said Germur. \"Okay. I accept it.\" said Bodi. Soon, Bodi then went back to bed. Well, what did you think of this new story? I also want to let you know that I'm sorry for the long delay on the fifth chapter of Depression . I was busy with school and other things. I have only one week left, so that way I can work on the story during the summer. Anyways, stay tuned for more Rock Dog stories and other stories coming soon! Peace out! ","Summary":" Finally, another Rock Dog story is out! As you may know, this one is loosely based on the scene fro"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Rock Revelation (Rock Dog)","Author":"Leo the Tiger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12677775","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Rock Revelation (Rock Dog) Angus Scattergood opened the doors to his mansion to allow his new band member and biggest admirer inside. \"Hello, there, Bodi,\" he greeted after making some adjustments. \"Sorry about the doormat trap. I use it to keep unwanted intruders out.\" \"That's all right,\" said Bodi. \"I can see why you did that now. You didn't want to be bothered. Or was it?\" \"No. I just hate the rabid fanboy attitude that some of those fans have. That includes all the people chasing us when you led me into that dumpster. I had never felt so disgusted in my life. No pun intended. I'm super-wealthy, and yet I discovered what those homeless folks deal with.\" \"I guess.\" \"Anyways, I asked you over here because I wanted to say I'm sorry for using you.\" The two walked into the recording studios and sat down on the floor by Angus's drum set. \"By that, I meant I took full credit for the song 'Glorious.' You wrote it with me.\" \"What led you to do that? I had never been so confused or depressed in my life.\" \"Have you not been involved in the music industry before?\" \"No, not really.\" \"Well, because you are now officially part of my backup band, alongside Gemur and Darma, what you should know is that with the music industry, there are times when you sign a contract with a record label. They expect you to meet deadlines, and you can't get out of your contract once you're in it, unless they find a loophole. As a result, they were going to pull me from the label I had signed to if I didn't come up with a new song in just three days. I therefore took advantage of you wanting a music lesson from me, and you helped me write the song.\" \"So what led you to take full credit for it?\" \"Mainly to get the producers off my back. You know how producers can be sometimes.\" \"It seems I have lots to learn, then. I thought you always had control over the music, and you made the money from sales.\" \"You can, but the label and producers also depend on sales of certain songs. If you don't do well, you're out.\" \"Did you get it in on time?\" \"Well, just barely. There was the whole distraction over you getting kidnapped by those wolves. I was about to send it, but decided it wasn't worth the trouble and that I'd just get the boot. But when we played it live at the fight club, I had them on the phone listening to it, and they were able to work it out. I just had them change the credits to include you. So you're now in the money. Just don't forget you're still paying taxes.\" \"Of course not. And I forgive you. If I have anything to apologize for, it's coming off as a rabid fanboy. I had the foam finger saying I was your number one fan, and some other stuff.\" \"That's what they all say. No hard feelings, though; you proved it. What was that other instrument you were carrying, though? It didn't look like an ordinary guitar to me.\" \"It wasn't. It's called a dramyin. It's a traditional folk music lute with seven strings. All I did was make some adjustments to make it more like a conventional guitar, and soon I was growing my ambitions to be a rock star, not knowing all the things you go through, though. Remember, I come from Snow Mountain. And the village elder playing it the day we sang at the fight club was Fleetwood Yak.\" \"Oh, I see. One other thing; how did you get us all levitating up there?\" \"It's a bit complicated to explain, but my father, Khampa, wanted me to be his successor in leading the sheep against the wolves who attack. These are the same wolves who kidnapped me. But I couldn't qualify or prove myself worthy until I found the fire. I found it by playing guitar, however, instead of through martial arts.\" \"Well, music is a powerful weapon. We all know that. Oh, and please take this. I never got to give this to you.\" Angus pulled out his old acoustic guitar and an autograph. \"This is a sign of gratitude from me to you. I wanted to give it to you at the park, but by that point, you got kidnapped.\" \"Beter late than never; thank you very much.\" Bodi smiled and began to strum a few chords. \"My pleasure, mate.\" Angus got up, attached his electric guitar with the Union Jack design, and joined in the improv. Soon the pair was working on writing a new song called \"Finding the Fire,\" paying tribute to Bodi's and Khampa's victory over the wolves, and later on in the process, had Darma and Germur record the bass guitar and drum tracks. All the while, Bodi continued to learn more about how the music industry works, and the commitment he had to make to be a true rock star. But he took it all in stride, he behaved, and he put in the hours needed to pull it off. Angus, in return, didn't mind being his mentor, and would later credit Bodi for \"being his and his career's ultimate savior.\" The foursome later celebrated \"Finding the Fire\" reaching #1 in the charts, and it also helped Angus's latest album to go platnium, just as all his other albums had. THE END Rock Dog © Mandoo Pictures and Huayi Brothers, and everybody else who owns the rights. It was released in the US by Lionsgate through its Summit Pictures label. ","Summary":" Rock Revelation (Rock Dog) Angus Scattergood opened the doors to his mansion to allow his new band "},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Rock dog relationship troubles","Author":"potatermater","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12867392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After their concert bodi darma and germer went back to angus' mansion. The goat was discussing the next performance bodi and darma went to their rooms and sighed. How am I ever gonna tell her how I feel about her bodi asked. I can't just tell him he'll never believe it darma said. They sighed as they lay in their beds. A few days later the gang were in the park rehearsing when darma heard a strange noise and went to investigate. As she was looking two arms popped out from a bush and covered her mouth and wrapped around her mid section. A few hours later bodi and germer noticed darma was missing. Then bodi saw a strange disk in a case it said watch me. They went back to the mansion and slid the disk in the player. Then it showed linnux looking beat up a bit. Hello bodi he said in an ominous tone. Linnux bodi said. Yes I'm back the wolf said. And you probably noticed darma is gone for now she's safe. Then they saw darma in the arms of a couple of new goons. Help she cried. If you want to see her again you will come to my hideout. See you in 3 hours he said with an evil grin. The video ended there. Bodi was indecisive about this. But he knew he'd have to save her. Then when it was time he went alone. He was scared understandably and knew it wasn't gonna be easy. He felt a bit sick to his stomach. It's for darma he kept saying to himself to comfort himself. He made it at last. Hello bodi the wicked wolf said. Where's darma bodi demanded. The wolf boss pointed and bodi gasped in shock. He saw darma was tied up and gagged. She tried to talk but it was muffled. Then a figure stepped out of the darkness. You bodi said as he saw the figure. It was trey the mean snow leopard. He was working with linnux. Long time no see the feline said sinisterly. Sorry darma I really do like you but I like humiliating him more he said. But why said bodi practically begging. Because of you trey said bitterly because you got in and I didn't. So you're working for him bodi said. Exactly said trey with an evil smile. What do you want bodi asked. Revenge and a rematch said trey. They took out their guitars and began. A few minutes later it looked like trey was gonna win but bodis fire helped him claim victory. It not only knocked out trey but also linnux. He took this time to rescue darma he took off the bandana covering her mouth. She gasped for air. Thanks she told bodi. Then he untied the ropes. They started to run but trey and linnux blocked the way. Bodi used his fire once again and blasted linnux away this time for good. No hard feelings trey asked nervously. Darma then slapped trey across the face. Trey you are a big jerk who only cares about yourself and you are never allowed to be near me again darma told him. She stormed off and bodi followed. Back at the mansion darma had a blanket wrapped around her on the couch. Hey bodi thanks again for saving me darma said. No problem said bodi and uh well you see...he continued. Yeah I uh said darma. I love you they said in unison. Bodi gasped and blushed while darma gasped as well. You love me they said. I was just a bit nervous and well I uh...said bodi. I know darma told him. Then she gave him a kiss on the side of his face. And then he soon joined in and the didn't care who knew it. ","Summary":" After their concert bodi darma and germer went back to angus' mansion. The goat was discussing the "},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Follow Your Heart","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12395004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Follow Your Heart Let your heart do what you think is right Let your heart follow your dreams of becoming a rockstar of a dog But when you're a rockstar rocking away Remember your heritage and where you came from And use them as inspiration for your songs ","Summary":" Follow Your Heart Let your heart do what you think is right Let your heart follow your dreams of be"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Cold Blue Rain","Author":"MythicWolf04","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12614877","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The stars seemed to ripple and move up in the night sky as Bodi lay on the grass and looked up at them with tired eyes. What a night. The mastiff had become one of them, a star, in the course of a day after a few near death experiences the day before that, and he was surprised his life had taken such a drastic turn. He went from a miserable guard dog in a mountain village to a rockstar over such a short time, and he had to admit, he had no idea how that happened. Bodi was expecting it to take much longer than that, but his persistence won Mr. Scattergood over in the end. Speaking of the slightly obnoxious cat, he was laying next to Bodi on the grass at that moment, smiling softly to himself. \"You know, Bodi, you did pretty good out there tonight,\" Angus murmured, picking at the grass on his lawn absentmindedly. \"Aw, thanks Mr. Scattergood, I'm glad you thought so!\" Bodi exclaimed, looking over at the cat next to him with a lopsided grin. \"You keep this up and you could get pretty big. Probably not as big as me, but still big. You've got some real talent,\" the feline replied, yawning as he sat up. \"You really think I could be successful just like you?\" The mastiff asked, his tail wagging as he got up as well. \"There's a small chance if you keep working as hard as you are right now,\" Angus stated, standing up and stretching. \"So this means you'll give me lessons, for real this time?\" Bodi questioned, looking up at the cat with a hopeful smile. The white cat hummed, scratching his chin thoughtfully. \"You know, perhaps I could. You're pretty good with a guitar as is, but there's always room for improvement,\" he murmured. \"Sure, why not? I'll teach ya for real this time.\" Bodi's eyes widened, and he jumped up to his feet, hugging Mr. Scattergood in his elation. \"Thank you, Mr. Scattergood, I won't let you down, I promise!\" He exclaimed, laughing. \"That's great, Bodi, but you need to actually let me down, you're crushing me!\" Angus replied, struggling against the mastiff and failing to move him. \"O- Oh, of course, sorry!\" Bodi stammered, setting the smaller cat down, his face heating up slightly. The cat started to dust himself off, grumbling about how clingy Bodi was, and then he crossed his arms, looking back over at the mastiff. \"We could start tomorrow if you want. I'd imagine you want to go home and get some sleep,\" Angus stated, turning around to head into the front door to his castle of a house. \"Oh… I actually don't have a place to stay. No money, remember? I can't go anywhere, and Snow Mountain is pretty far away,\" the mastiff murmured, wringing his hands. Angus stopped and looked back at him with a frown. \"So ya got nowhere to spend the night, huh?\" He asked thoughtfully. Bodi shook his head slightly. Angus hummed, scratching an ear. \"Then… I suppose you could spend the night here, if you want to.\" Bodi grinned, his tail wagging behind him. \"That's awesome, thank you very much, Mr. Scattergood!\" He exclaimed, grabbing his nearly forgotten guitar off the ground and following the feline inside his mansion. \"Don't mention it. Just try not to touch anything while you stay, alright?\" Angus asked, the front doors closing automatically behind the two while the cat led them through the open living room. Bodi nodded silently, following Mr. Scattergood through the maze of hallways that was his mansion until he stopped in front of a large oak door that must be where he would sleep. \"Well, here's the guest room. My room is down the hall and to the left, and I'll see you bright and early in the morning for lessons,\" Angus stated rapidly, pushing the doors open and starting to walk down the hall. Bodi frowned softly, confused as to the cat's sudden briskness. \"Hey, Mr. Scattergood, wait a second,\" he called out before the other could get too far away. The feline turned back to look at him, expression unreadable due to those sunglasses he never took off. \"What is it now, Bodi?\" Angus questioned, annoyance present in his voice. \"Thanks, you know, for all of this. Letting me stay the night, lessons, this guitar, everything. I just wanted to say I appreciate all you've done for me,\" Bodi murmured with a soft smile. Angus's frown softened. \"It's… you're welcome, Bodi. Now get some sleep, it's late,\" he conceded, waving him off. The mastiff chuckled quietly. \"Night, Mr. Scattergood!\" He called before walking through the huge doors into his temporary bedroom. The mastiff gasped, looking around the guest room. It was massive, easily the size of his house back in Snow Mountain, and there was a very large bed in the middle of the room. It looked to be about twice the size of a king sized bed, with black blankets and pillows adorning it. Bodi also noted the absurd amount of vinyl records adorning the walls, and the two large desks on both far corners of the room with blank sheet music scattered across them. It was a bit too large for Bodi's tastes, but he could survive a night on that bed. It looked a whole lot more comfortable than the stiff mattresses back in his home. The dog gently set his guitar down at the foot of the bed, and climbed in, but the feeling of the mattress was strange, and rippling, like… water? Bodi pressed his paw down on the bed, and sure enough, he saw water rippling under the sheets, and it felt relatively cool. He pressed his paw down on it again, a little more roughly, and laughed at the larger ripple. The Tibetan mastiff then crawled up to the head of the bed and took his sherpa hat off, setting it on the small nightstand, next to the lamp. He crawled under the covers and shut the lamp off, cloaking the room in darkness. After a moment of shuffling around to make himself comfortable, Bodi sighed heavily in contentment, staring up at the high ceiling. \"What a day,\" he whispered, grinning to himself. The mastiff wondered what Mr. Scattergood would have in store for him tomorrow. He just really wanted to actually learn how to play the guitar better, and this time, Angus wouldn't trick him into furthering his own goals. Bodi wondered why his cat mentor was so quick on getting him to bed earlier. They had only just returned to his mansion after dropping Darma and Germur at their respective apartments, and lay on the front lawn for a few moments. It didn't really make a lot of sense to him, but he guessed Angus was just really tired after the long day. Shrugging to himself, Bodi turned over and closed his eyes, sleep finding him quickly as he realized just how exhausted he was. The dog slipped into unconsciousness, a smile on his face as he dreamed of rock music and electric guitars. -o0o- Bodi yawned, cracking his eyes open against the bright morning light that was filtering out of a window. He groaned, rubbing them sleepily while he slowly sat up, grumbling about not getting enough sleep as he did so. The mastiff was surprised, however, that he was able to sleep so well. Usually, the mattresses back home were too stiff for him to get anymore than a few good hours of sleep. He supposed it was his dad's way of keeping him vigilant in case of an imminent threat. The strange water bed was a very nice change of pace for him, however. Bodi crawled over to the nightstand, grabbing his sherpa and putting it on, and then he climbed out of bed and stood up, stretching his limbs out once he was upright. After a moment, he walked over and grabbed his old guitar and headed out of the spacious bedroom to search out Mr. Scattergood. The dog started down the hallway in the direction of the living room, trying to remember the route he'd taken last night. He wished that Mr. Scattergood hadn't decided to live in such a huge place, especially by himself. Bodi guessed it could get pretty lonely, having nothing but a mechanical butler to keep you company. After heading down a few hallways and turning himself around a number of times, Bodi managed to reach the living room and was greeted with Mr. Scattergood sitting on his oversized couch with a newspaper and a large cup of coffee in his hands. \"Good morning, Mr. Scattergood!\" Bodi greeted cheerfully, walking over to the cat and sitting down on the couch next to him. Angus looked up from his newspaper, and smiled softly. \"Morning. How'd that water bed treat ya?\" He asked, setting the paper down and taking a sip of his coffee. \"Oh boy, it was the best thing I've ever slept on, even if it was rather strange. Thanks again for letting me stay the night!\" The mastiff exclaimed, a huge grin on his face and his tail wagging. \"Of course, mate. Now, we need to get started on those lessons, don't we? We've got a lot of ground to cover, you know,\" Mr. Scattergood stated, getting up from the couch, his mug in hand. \"But I haven't even eaten anything yet! I just got up and I'm really hungry,\" Bodi grumbled, clutching at his empty stomach to emphasize his point while the feline look at him with slight amusement, lips curled up in a small grin. \"You can have something to eat later, Bodi. We've got lessons to start, come on,\" Angues replied, chuckling at Bodi's groan of annoyance as he waved the dog to follow him. The two walked throughout the mansion in silence for a few minutes, Bodi content to gawk at his surroundings and wonder why someone would want a house like this. The same thought from before about Mr. Scattergood being lonely flitted back through his mind as he observed everything, and the mastiff looked over at the cat with a slightly upset expression. \"What are ya looking at me like that for?\" The feline questioned suspiciously, immediately turning defensive to the gaze. \"Sorry, Mr. Scattergood. I was just wondering, if you have such a big house, why do you live here all by yourself? Isn't it really lonely, staying cooped up in here every day of the week with nobody to keep you company?\" Bodi asked, his frown deeping and his tail dropping. He couldn't read Angus's expression through those sunglasses of his to see a reaction. The cat chuckled nervously. \"Lonely? No, of- of course I'm not lonely in here. I've got Ozzie to keep me company! It's never been a big deal, I like the quiet and isolation. I'm fine, Bodi,\" Mr. Scattergood insisted, crossing his arms and giving a reassuring smile. Bodi nodded, although he wasn't convinced at all. There was no way he could be content living here in isolation, especially after that horrific lie to assure the dog he was fine. Maybe he could track down Ozzie when he had a break, and see if he could get anything out of the butler. The mastiff had figured out Angus didn't like people, but there had to be a really good reason for him to literally lock himself inside of his mansion and do nothing but sit around all day. He didn't like that one bit. Maybe he could find a way to drag the crabby feline out of the house for a little while that didn't involve being chased by crowds into dumpsters. He would have to figure out everything later, he decided, as the two came upon the dark recording studio that they'd written Glorious in a few days beforehand. Angus set his half empty mug of coffee on an amp before turning to face the mastiff. \"Alright, time to get to work. Let's see, what to start on, what to start on…\" Mr. Scattergood trailed off, grabbing a guitar at random from the group next to the doorway. Bodi smiled softly, ready to start the day strong and learn something from his idol, and maybe learn something about him as well.[Chapter 2] Bodi groaned, setting his guitar down and stretching his legs as he got up out of the chair he'd been sitting in for the past two hours. Thanks to Mr. Scattergood, he got to know his guitar, and by extension his teacher a little better. He learned that Angus liked to gripe about how the most popular music these days all sounded the same, and he made Bodi promise to never get interested in that kind of music. The mastiff doubted he ever would, as he agreed wholeheartedly with the cat in that regard. \"Alright, I think it's time for a lunch break. I've got tons of stuff in my kitchen, if you wanna make a sandwich or somethin',\" Angus said, setting his guitar on a stand and looking over at the dog. Bodi hummed, scratching his chin. He could just eat something here… or he could drag Mr. Scattergood out of his house and go find a restaurant to eat at in the city. He grabbed his guitar and slung it across his back. \"We could go out and get something instead of staying cooped up here, you know,\" the mastiff replied as the two walked out of the recording studio. \"Wha- go outside? Are you mental? I'll get recognized, it isn't safe for me out there! You saw what happened last time, Bodi!\" Angus exclaimed indignantly, arms waving around to accentuate his point. \"Then we make you a disguise, it shouldn't be hard. Come on, Mr. Scattergood, you should get out of here for once,\" Bodi insisted, smiling. \"You gotta be out of your flippin' mind! There's no way I'm going out there, it's… its not- hey, what're you doing?\" The cat shouted in confusion as Bodi grabbed his thin arm, headed for the front doorway. \"I don't think that's the real reason you don't want to go, now come on, we're gonna find Darma and Germur and go eat!\" The mastiff exclaimed, dragging the livid cat through the living room. Ozzie happened to be rolling by, and seeing their path towards the door, opened it for them. Angus continued to shout profanities as the stronger dog dragged him through the front lawn while the hedge maze lowered for them. A moment later the two were out of the lawn, with the electrified gate shut behind them, and the cat was still livid. \"I can't believe you just bloody did that! Let me go back into my house now, or I'll… I'll…\" Mr. Scattergood trailed off, but he continued scowling. \"Not happening, Mr. Scattergood. Now come on, let's go find my friends,\" Bodi murmured happily, hand still attached to Angus's arm in case he decided to escape while they walked down the sidewalk towards the city center. While the two traveled, Angus used Bodi as a shield to block people from noticing him, but the mastiff didn't really get why. Sure, he was a big celebrity, and the dog had forgotten to grab some sort of disguise for him on the way out, but it wasn't like he could do anything about it. Mr. Scattergood was bound to get noticed before long, especially when the got to the park. \"So where do you plan on taking us for lunch after we find your mates, anyway?\" Angus asked when they started nearing the skyscrapers of the city downtown. \"Darma and Germur talked about this noodle place that they really liked going to a few days before. I figured we could go there,\" the mastiff replied cheerfully, looking over at his teacher. \"I'm just as likely to be spotted anywhere in this stupid city, so I don't suppose it really matters,\" the cat grumbled, crossing his arms in annoyance. \"Lighten up, Mr. Scattergood! You're getting out of the house and doing something, you should be excited! When's the last time you've actually been outside and walked around?\" Bodi questioned, glancing over at the feline with a brow raised. \"If we aren't counting that incident a few days ago? I… I don't remember, it's been a really long time,\" Angus murmured thoughtfully, scratching at his left ear. \"That isn't healthy, you know. Why wouldn't you go outside? It's great out here,\" the dog remarked, taking a look at their surroundings. They were getting further in the city now, with apartment buildings surrounding them in a concrete jungle. Rock and Roll Park wasn't too far of a walk from their position. Angus didn't reply, leaving Bodi to guide them through the busy streets. Somehow, the feline had managed to find a hoodie along the way, snatching it up and putting the hood on tightly. The mastiff wasn't too sure of how he'd grabbed it, but he wasn't one to judge. A few minutes later the two arrived at the entrance to the park. Bodi figured Darma and Germur would be at the same spot they were always at, considering he didn't have a magic radio you could talk to others with like Mr. Scattergood. He really needed to ask the cat for one. Luckily for the pair, Bodi spotted his friends at the same bench they always hung out at, and he waved at them cheerfully. Darma waved back, and the mastiff ran over, Angus in tow. \"Hey Darma, hey Germur! How are you guys doing today?\" Bodi asked, tail wagging as he sat down next to the fox, Angus next to him on the edge of the bench, arms crossed. \"Hey, Bodi! We're doing fine, just hanging out at the park for a while before we head back to our apartments. What's up?\" Darma questioned, smiling at the sight of the glowering Mr. Scattergood. \"Oh, Mr. Scattergood and I were taking a break from my lessons, and we were going out to get lunch at that noodle place you two were talking about, and I was wondering if you two wanted to come with us,\" the mastiff explained, hopeful expression on his face. \"Oh man Bode, that sounds like a great plan. Let's do it,\" Germur murmured, nodding his head in satisfaction. \"Great! Come on guys, let's go!\" Bodi beamed, jumping up from the bench and grabbing Mr. Scattergood out of habit. \"Bodi, would ya quit grabbing hold of me like that? It's bloody annoying, it is!\" Angus exclaimed in irritation, scowling at the mastiff. \"Oh, uh… sorry Mr. Scattergood,\" the dog stammered in embarassment, letting his teacher go. Darma chuckled softly, getting up from her seat on the bench as well. \"The noodle place isn't far, just follow Germur and I,\" she said, starting to walk out of the park, the other three moving to keep up with her. As the group of four walked along, Darma slowed down a bit to walk with Bodi. \"Hey, how did you manage to get Mr. Scattergood out of the house to come along with you, Bodi?\" She asked in a low voice, glancing back at the cat, who still held that scowl from before. \"I just grabbed his arm and dragged him out. It really wasn't that hard to do; Mr. Scattergood isn't very strong,\" the dog replied with a shrug, not seeing how he did that as a very big deal. \"I figured it would take a bit more effort to get him to agree to come. On the radio, they would always talk about how he wouldn't leave his house even if it rained fire and brimstone,\" Darma remarked, brows scrunched up in thought. Bodi scratched his head in confusion. \"I'm sure Mr. Scattergood would leave his house if it rained fire. Anyone would want to get away from something like that, right? And can it rain fire here? I didn't think the weather could get this extreme in the city,\" he pointed out, confused by his friend's words. \"Bodi, it's an expression. What… do you know what an expression is?\" The fox asked, looking at Bodi in disbelief. The mastiff shook his head no, shrugging. \"Darma, he's lived in a mountain town away from everything all his life. Course he isn't gonna know this stuff,\" Mr. Scattergood murmured in his defense, joining the conversation. \"Can someone tell me what the heck an expression is?\" The dog asked, getting a little annoyed at how confused he was. \"Bodi, mate, it's something a person would say to exaggerate a point. It wouldn't ever actually rain fire and brimstone, we just say things like it to make our point sound better,\" Angus tried explaining, shooting a frown in Darma's direction during his statement. \"So you're saying… it was a lie, it won't actually rain fire and stuff? Thank goodness, glad that's cleared up,\" Bodi murmured in relief, looking over at Angus, who nodded slightly. \"Oh man, he's got a lot to learn you know,\" Darma remarked with an exasperated smile, confusing Bodi even more. There was more to learn about than just those expressions? What all had he missed growing up in Snow Mountain? After a few more moments of walking, the group silent after that conversation, they had arrived in front of the noodle restaurant. Bodi didn't know what it was called, due to the Chinese characters used for the name, but he didn't really mind. He didn't think he'd ever go to the city when he was little, so he never bothered to learn it. Darma led them inside, and the mastiff was greeted with a small, but cozy interior. There was a large bar type setup of stools in front of a long table that looked out of a large window into the street, a few booths by the far wall of the establishment, and the counter and kitchen adjacent to the window. It was small, and a bit cramped, but Bodi didn't really mind; in fact, he found it charming. \"This place looks pretty cool,\" the mastiff remarked, sitting down on one of the stools, tail wagging as he did so. \"Germur and I hang out here a lot, so the employees know the two of us by name. Do you guys have any idea of what you want?\" Darma asked as Angus sat down beside Bodi. The dog hummed, scratching his chin. \"I guess whatever is your favorite, I'm not picky about food,\" Bodi replied, shrugging his shoulders. Truth be told, he didn't really have the patience to read any menus, he was just too hungry to care. \"Lo mein for me, Darma. Just shrimp for the meat,\" Mr. Scattergood stated, crossing his arms. The fox then proceeded to glower at him, hands on her hips. \"Isn't there something else you should be saying, instead of demanding me to get them?\" Darma questioned, cocking a brow. The cat sighed heavily, clearly not liking his predicament. Bodi chuckled softly to himself. \"Lo mein, please,\" he emphasized, voice not as sharp as before. Darma nodded to herself, walking over to the counter while Germur sat on the other side of the mastiff. \"Darma doesn't like disrespect, Mr. Scattergood. You should probably remember to be nice around her,\" the goat stated, looking at the feline pointedly. Angus sighed, cupping his chin in his hands. \"Yeah, alright, I'm sorry. I'll try to remember that next time,\" he grumbled. \"Wait, remember what?\" Germur asked, his mind leaving once again. Bodi laughed at Mr. Scattergood's baffled face, him not having experienced that before. Angus was interrupted from saying anything when Darma sat down beside Germur with a sigh. \"Noodles will be ready in a few minutes, guys. Now I was wondering if we had any plans for the future,\" she stated, looking over at Mr. Scattergood. \"What kind of plans might those be, Darma?\" He questioned, looking back over at her with an inquisitive stare. \"Like new song plans, or concert plans. We've gotta make money somehow, you know. Germur and I have part time jobs to keep up with, and that's barely making ends meet as is,\" the fox elaborated. \"Hm. Yeah, you're probably right. I'll talk to my agent when we get home, see what I can do. Don't worry, I'll get this all figured out soon,\" Angus replied, reassuring grin on his face. \"Speaking of that, I should get a job, shouldn't I? I've got no money, and I don't want to burden you by staying at your house all the time, Mr. Scattergood,\" Bodi spoke up, finding an opportunity to join the conversation. \"I don't mind you at my place, mate, but what job would you want? Gotta think about your experience,\" the feline murmured, small frown on his face. \"I can play the guitar-\" \"Besides musical talent, Bodi,\" Angus interrupted with a slight chuckle, shaking his head. The mastiff didn't get a chance to respond, as everyone's noodles were deposited in front of them by a friendly looking crocodile of a waiter, who then disappeared back into the kitchen. Bodi looked curiously down at his noodles, grabbing the pair of chopsticks they were given as well. \"They're wonton noodles, my and Germur's favorite. Try them,\" Darma insisted, pointing down at his bowl. It took Bodi a moment to figure out the chopsticks, but he found they weren't too hard to use. He then snatched up a few noodles and slurped them up, smiling at the taste. The dog then proceeded to start scarfing down the bowl like he hadn't eaten anything before in his life. \"They're pretty good, huh?\" The fox asked, chuckling. Bodi stopped for a second to nod vigorously before digging back into his meal. As the dog ate his noodles, he took the absence of a conversation to think about what job he might like to have. What was he good at doing, besides music? The only thing he could think of was taking care of the sheep on Snow Mountain. They were small and needed someone responsible to make sure they didn't get themselves killed. Where could Bodi put that skill to use, he wondered. The sheep did act a heck of a lot like the children he sometimes saw playing at the park or walking with their parents. Maybe… maybe the mastiff could help take care of children! \"Guys, I know what job I want!\" Bodi exclaimed suddenly, dropping his chopsticks in excitement. \"And that job would be?\" Mr. Scattergood asked, morning for the dog to go on. \"I could watch children for their parents! You know, like if they want to have a night out or something!\" The mastiff answered excitedly, his tail wagging. Darma looked over at him with a surprised expression. \"Well… I certainly wasn't expecting to hear that one, but if you want to be a babysitter, than sure, go for it,\" she murmured, smiling amusedly. \"A babysitter? Really?\" Angus muttered to himself. \"I'd like to see how you manage that one.\" \"Yeah, now I've just gotta figure out how to start,\" Bodi replied, taking a bite out of a dumpling in the noodles. \"Bode, I can help you start, man,\" Germur spoke up, nodding to himself. \"Thanks, Germur! I can't wait to get started!\" The dog exclaimed, excited that he could start to make a living for himself. Bodi was surprised at how much his life had changed recently, but he was glad it did. It was all thanks to Mr. Scattergood that he was doing all of this, and he seemed to he really supportive, which gave the dog a warm feeling in his chest akin to pride. He was looking forward to seeing where his life would take him next. A/N: Sorry about the long wait, school has been stupid recently! I'll try my best to give you guys relatively consistent updates, but no promises. I'm definitely going to finish this, I promise you that. ","Summary":" The stars seemed to ripple and move up in the night sky as Bodi lay on the grass and looked up at t"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Lara of Arabia","Author":"The Masked Writer1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6840491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So here is my Lawrence of Arabia fanfiction! This fanfiction will be based almost entirely on the movie and its storyline, including some possible facts from the life of the real TE Lawrence. I hope you will enjoy this. Interesting fact-When making the movie, at the Aqaba scene, O'Toole falls off his camel, like the real Lawrence so many years ago. Someone stood over him and protected him from the trampling hooves of the horses behind him. Now transport yourself to the early 1900s in the hustle and bustle of Cairo, Egypt... The hot, dry air of Cairo hit my face as I stepped out of the black British consulate car that I fear had absorbed the burning rays of the Egyptian sun. 'Here we are Miss.' I brushed a lock of golden brown hair out of my face as I graciously thanked the driver before stepping out into the bustling city of the Nile; in front of me was my future, the building where a fantastic adventure lay waiting. With awe clearly written on my face, I stepped forward, only to be unceremoniously helped to detach my dark green skirt from the rear door I had stepped out of. I was suddenly painfully aware that I would be the sole woman in this establishment that I had dreamed of. 'Good luck, Miss', repeated the driver cordially, in an almost robotic manner. I could almost make out pity in his eyes as he drove away, leaving me standing, rather forlornly as I stared at the building in front of me with mixed emotions. Who was I? What was I doing here? I, Lara Grecoff, have always striven for adventure, my father though hungered for it even more. He himself, a wealthy and influential Canadian politician, had travelled the world, from the Jungles of Borneo to the peaks of the Himalayas, he was the reason I was here. He, being in close connection with the British government learnt of the imminent Arabic revolt even before the Great War had even begun. I felt tears trickle out of my eyes like my life blood. I hated when I cried. At least, in front of people I did. I had always been one to show my emotions freely and with liberty, until I was faced with the opportunity to come here. I swore I must never cry, for I was a woman, and crying shows weakness, if I cried, it would be all over. People wouldn't take me more seriously than they ever would, and I would be on a boat back to North America with a feeling of failure in the pit of my stomach in no time. No, I must never, ever, cry. Only, when I thought of my cousin, just slightly older than me, with his happy go lucky ways and his smile that could be make everyone come running for fear it would disappear in a flash, I felt that my heart would explode. These past years, with the war and the like, seem to have only brought sorrow and misery; but not for my father. My father, strong as ever, when the whole world seems to be coming down on us. He with his Arab Revolt and its effect on the 'damn' Ottoman Empire, and the world. I hate to say this, or even think of it, but my father being an old and fiercely opinionated Russian, had grudges like still fresh scars against the Turks. Just the mention of 'Turkish Baths' or 'Turkish Delights' had him growling like a pariah hound. His great-grandfather, a valiant Cossack, had been killed in cold blood by the Turks because of some ancient feud between the Russians and the Turks; but not before he had been subjected to unspeakable cruelties and humiliation, such as whippings, beatings, and rape. Great-great grandfather Petya is said to have lived long after that, but is said to have been haunted mercilessly by the past. I am told that he woke up in the nights screaming as if a demon had possessed him, even into what should have been a peaceful old age. I shivered and prayed I would never have to witness or have to experience anything as horrifying as that in my lifetime. In any case, my father was strictly resolute that I be an integral part of this rebellion. I was shocked the moment I heard this, and a hodge-podge of excitement and confusion bubbled inside of me as I tried to imagine riding camels in the Sahara. 'But, but, how?' my voice quivered. 'I'm not sure yet, malynchka, but if I have any say in this, you are going to be part of this Revolution!' his eyes glistened in the lamplight. 'This is impossible!' I cried, 'besides I'm not a man—what do you expect me to be, a nurse, and treat bullet wounds?' I frowned with disgust. 'I'm not a puppet to be tampered with! I have a future, now that I have finished university, and I have a career to pursue...writing perhaps...' my voice faltered for a second. 'Yes,' my father said tentatively never averting his gaze for a moment, 'only you have to travel the world, like I did, do something that will benefit, mankind-a civilization that once was great must be resurrected!' he bellowed. 'Besides, you have taken humanitarian studies at university, how could they refuse your assistance? I would never doubt you could make an intelligent adviser or perhaps even document the journey; opportunities such as these cannot be passed up! You have all the training necessary, I made sure of that while you were at university. 'You told me you wanted me to be well-rounded,' I mumbled weakly. My father only looked at me slyly. 'It is hard for a girl of your calibre to get a good education these days, but I made sure you got it.' I looked up at him; a spark of thankfulness in my eyes. What he said was true. If I hadn't studied what I had at university, I might have not been the person I was today. 'I know, I know your concerns, but did I ever tell you about McMahon?' he said. 'Who?' I questioned, a touch of irritation still in my voice. 'Sir Henry McMahon, he is the High Commissioner of Egypt, he and I once took a trip down the Amazon together, quite a dashing fellow, at least, I believe he still is the High Commissioner...' a moment of uncertainty upon my father's face. 'I saved his life; he could never refuse me.. .' For a moment I felt like a spoiled child getting every wish and whim of hers simply because of her wealthy, generous father; but I shook the thought away as quickly as it appeared, I was not that kind of person. His words sank in. I suddenly wanted this all. The experience. The world. 'My dear, I also, must say, I've never known you to shy away from a good fight.' Before I could process any second thoughts, I was on a boat leaving my known world behind and heading out to a far way continent. To a land of frightening men with sabres in their teeth, and sultans with exquisite fountain filled palaces and veiled women hiding seductively under their silken cloth in royal harems. At least, that is what I had been preparing for, I even had two rifles and my father's scimitar tucked under my clothes, which he warned I must keep under my pillow every night. Thankfully, I was not one of those women that fainted dead at the slightest things; whether they are blood or sights far worse than that. I suppose you could say I was different.[Chapter 2] This segment was written three years ago. To whoever loyally waited for an update, I appreciate your devotion! Everything that will be posted as further chapters of my existing stories will probably have been written 3 years in the past, unless I state that they were not. Once more, might I add that when I wrote this I was much younger and my writing has improved since then, as have my ideas. I held my breath and stepped through the solid doors that seemed to bid my entry cautiously. I could not deny that my heart was beating with the intensity of a steam train, and I was finding it difficult to breathe. I managed to close my eyes and walk on. 'There must be women here' I repeated to myself over and over like a parrot with a speech impediment. 'Clerks, office workers...' somehow even though I knew that was not what I was here for, saying that in my head gave me small words of comfort. Hitching up my skirts and adjusting my bonnet, I asked a solitary looking man sipping a sherry in the midday heat. 'Could, could you please direct me to the office of the High Commissioner?' I stuttered suddenly nervous. The man gazed at me, scrutinizing my soul, before accepting me and replying,' upstairs melady,' I began to rush hurriedly away when he called out 'Is that a Canadian accent I here?' 'Uhh, yes, uh, yes!' I prepared myself for the obvious reaction. A grin spread across the man's broad face. 'Well! We haven't had a Canadian here for at least 8 months! Indians, come and go, but whenever they see the desert, they run back from where they came. 'Specially the Southerners. Northerners usually stay. They have a desert there too, ya know? I continued nodding, adjusting my bonnet—'uh, the- uh, High Commissioner?' He smiled again 'Well, -uh, God Save the King!' he saluted before saying promptly 'second door from the left, big old room.' I sighed thankfully and began my assent upstairs. My heart was involuntarily beating a mile a minute, and somehow I could not slow its awkward pattering drumming. Taking deep breaths I continued trying my best to calm my taut nerves. I climbed holding onto my skirts, and reaching the proper floor I followed the man's instructions to a tee, noticing an officer's mess on my way, lazily inhabited by lounging officers, and petite waiters wearing distinctive red fez. My tongue watered, I knew it sounded childish, but I longed for a tart glass of lemonade. With a quick intake of breath, I marched onward, hopefully with more confidence. Suddenly, that strange vertigo of fear and nervousness came at me again, and I leaned against the wall, pressing my damp hand against it, rethinking everything my father had said, in the space of what seemed like an hour. ' They couldn't refuse you.' I came to the appointed door, only to hear words being spoken inside. Words came forward jumbled at first for about 20 seconds, and I was unsure whether to interrupt. I could go back, I needn't stay here- maybe some family needs a nanny... I heard a slow, carefully articulated voice say, 'There is indeed, he's of no use here in Cairo, he might be in Arabia. He knows his stuff, sir. A loud, arrogant voice called back, 'He knows his books you mean, I've already sent out Colonel Brighton who's a soldier, and if Brighton thinks we should send him some small arms, we will.' Who could this man be? I thought momentarily, this followed by a sinking feeling in my chest like a stone dropped in a pond. If this man was not wanted in Arabia, what chance did I have of ever making an appearance on the desert horizon? It was now or never. I entered. I rapped on the already halfway open glass door. 'Excuse me, may I have a word?' Silence. 'Come in,' the words were sudden but tentative at the same time. I walked slowly in, carefully greeting the men with a bow. The man directly ahead of me must be McMahon I thought. He was large with a great moustache and hulking figure. The man not so far from him, was older, still large, yet in the manner of the distinguished French gentleman, cane placed on chair. 'You must be,' I extended my hand toward who I thought to be McMahon. 'Murray, General Murray, and you are?' A cold sweat broke out on my palms, and my arm felt frozen in space. 'I was expecting to speak, speak, to Mr. McMahon...' my words evaporated like dew on a hot summer's day. 'McMahon no longer works here, he has left, and if anyone, I am the man to speak to, you are?' he looked at me questionably, the Frenchman nearby having raised his eyebrows accordingly. A strange vertigo overcame me as I tried to digest the fact that McMahon was gone. What would I do? He was my only link to Arabia, and it was virtually impossible to contact my father now... The words came out, surprisingly clear to my ears. 'I am Lara Grecoff, and my father is Vladimir Grecoff. He contacted McMahon recently, for me to come and to be involved in the Arab Revolution at the moment, as a journalist, someone to survey the situation, I have completed my studies at university only a year ago and have very good credentials but I have been spending extra time getting experience in the journalistic field and field of writing. I have never intended to be a full-time journalist, but one of my fields is humanitarian studies, and since this is the perfect time and place to get experience in both my humanitarian field and my writing field...' 'The revolution?' Suddenly the moustachioed man laughed uproariously. 'What revolution? I tell you Dryden- a sideshow of a sideshow!' I felt myself turning red with shame and embarrassment. Likewise Dryden, the rotund Frenchman seemed slightly peeved as he ejaculated 'Big things have small beginnings, sir.' Murray seemed as if he wanted to give a response merited of his title, but instead turned his attention toward me. 'My young lady, and a very pretty young lady at that—if you want to be of any assistance, I suggest you see if there are any openings in and around the-uh- telephone operators! Now please, if you would excuse us, if you wish to find some job openings speak to Mr. Harthwaite, downstairs -first-' Bile rose in my throat. Had he been listening to a word of what I was saying? Was my gender simply an indicator that I was perfectly helpless and useless in this place?! 'No!' I cried indignantly. 'My father wished me to speak to McMahon, and if there is any way I may contact him-!' 'McMahon returned to London one week ago I am afraid, which must be a great misfortune to you, but no great loss to us. I am sorry but you are useless to us, so please leave.' I felt on the verge of tears. My vision clouded and I forced myself to control my sensitive nature. My jaw quivered and I was ready to give a retort that would knock that bully Murray out of the park even when everything was against me. 'I am sure you can find me in the files here,' I continued my voice cracking...'My arrival-!' 'I am sure your arrival was completely unexpected Miss-' Suddenly, a man stepped in, looking suspiciously like the one that I spoke to before. He clicked his heels true English style before announcing 'Lawrence, sir.' I only stared at Murray, anger still alive in my chest, like a brewing thunderstorm, but I was forced to turn my attention to the young man who jauntily walked in, somehow looking like a frisky colt among old buzzards. 'Good morning, sir.' The well-rehearsed words were caught in his throat as his eyes rested upon me, and all of a sudden I felt a strange shiver go through my body as we made eye contact. Under the gawky uniform, I admired his attractive face, perhaps not at its fullest under the large cap that covered it, but very feminine, and dare I say it, pretty? Rich, black lashes framed shockingly blue eyes, marine blue in fact, harbouring great intelligence, and with much pressure beneath them. Boringly blue eyes. Breathing suddenly became a chore. 'I'm sorry to interrupt...' his lovely eyes moved over me, brimming with questions. 'Come in, Lawrence, we were just finishing...now,' ' I am sorry , but I shall not leave until I get some sort of reference!' I tried. 'Excuse me but, what seems to be the problem?' Lawrence asked sending eyes riveted toward him. 'As I said, we were just finishing, but if you must know, Lieutenant Lawrence, this young lady, Miss Grecoff, seems to be interested in being of help in—Arabia!' the words came out in a half-chuckle, but his mirth was greeted with stony silence from both Dryden and Lawrence. 'A journalist, or a person to assess the situation, her with her humanitarian studies, which in fact was just what I wanted to speak to you about, Lawrence. I intend for you to join Brighton. Why the Arab Bureau wants you there, I simply don't know, you don't seem able to perform your present duties properly. Dryden, you can have him for six weeks. Might even make a man of him.' Joy floated over Lawrence's face, but it was gone in a moment like a fleeting shadow. Whether it was for my sake or because he didn't want to betray emotion towards Murray, I could not tell. Only, it was hopeless in my eyes, so far, I could read him like an open book. 'As for you, Miss...Miss, Grecoff... What is that, Russian? What are you doing here; don't you have enough trouble where you're from as it is?' My cheeks flushed once again, but before I could speak, Lawrence moved in. 'I'm sure you could find room for another person in your envoy, anything could happen, and even with a guide, one person is very vulnerable.' I looked intently at the man that was putting his job and the mission of his life on the line for my sake. I was at a loss for words when faced with this chivalry. For a person he didn't even know! I was expecting every man I met to at least harbour some hostility for me (I evidently was not prepared for Murray), but this was completely new and frighteningly pleasant. 'Hah!' came Murray. 'A woman! As if Arabia isn't hostile enough for a man, for a woman, Lawrence, you're already quite strange, but these ideas of yours are bordering on mad.' My heart sank, but in moments floated again. 'Yes, I know that, and I understand the calculated risk, but I believe that I could be a sufficient escort for Miss Grecoff, if she is everything we expect her to be, I believe we do need a person to help with the documentation of this experience,' he stuttered on this one, and I was sure I saw a fellow writer in his eyes, 'and I am quite sure her humanitarian experience would be very important, essential, in fact in a war zone!' Murray gazed sceptically at me. 'Do you nurse, Miss Grecoff?' 'Um, oh, y-yes.' I stuttered. I shivered. I hated blood. I avoided any type of womanly nursing jobs like the plague. Even small children. I couldn't even stitch a wound. 'There, then,' Lawrence cried. 'Well, she would be a perfect addition to the envoy, wouldn't you agree, Murray?' We made eye contact once again, and I smiled wanly at him, mentally crying my thanks. A man came in suddenly, taking up Murray's attention with some business about artillery. Only, I didn't pay attention to this, too involved in gazing at Lawrence with a weird school-girl anxiety about me, before I realized in the eyes of everyone we were just insolent children. 'But there must be artillery!' Murray moaned to himself. Dryden broke the awkward silence with the quick exclamation. 'So, this is something of an expedition. He...They must get to Yenbo, find a guide, find the Arabs, and get back, they can't do that in six weeks.' 'Two months then.' My heart leapt into my throat. 'Three.' 'All right, three,' Murray looked honestly annoyed, but then his eyes alighted on me again. 'So, it seems, my dear, you are going to Arabia, I suggest you...' 'Yes, I know, keep a scimitar under a pillow every night!' my voice was involuntarily filled with enthusiasm, and I saw Lawrence smile at me, as if he wished to laugh aloud with happiness. Turning to Dryden, Murray cleared his throat. 'Now would you let me do some work!' 'Thank you, sir,' Dryden motioned towards us to leave. Lawrence walked forward eagerly. 'I would like to say, sir, I am very grateful.' 'Shut up, and get out.' I myself almost laughed aloud. Lawrence briskly turned to leave, stopping only at the doorway to give a great salute, coupled with a monstrous 'Sir!' I was crying, now, from holding in my laughter. Not to be out done, I gave a voluptuous curtsy. Putting on my most serious and womanly face I said, 'My thanks are trivial in comparison to the things you have done for the men here. You are truly honourable general and- true gentlemen.' All Murray could give was a weak 'Thank-you,' a stupefied look on his face. I quickly joined Lawrence at the door, my heart pounding with adrenaline. He was a tall man, more handsome up close, and he really smiled at me then; a smile which seemed to electrify the air around us. Once again, I was left in stupor by his charms. He grabbed my wrist then, pulling me into the hallway, giggling. Giggling! I didn't believe I had ever heard a man giggle! 'I don't believe I had ever seen such a look on Murray's face!' he looked into my eyes again. 'Miss Grecoff.' He raised his eyebrows at me. 'Lara, my name is Lara, and I don't believe I shall ever know why you stuck your neck out for me, Mr. –Lawrence.' 'Lawrence, just, Lawrence.' At that moment I spied a loose kiss curl of the richest colour of gold, like ripe hay; and I thought that only women went into the category of blonde and blue-eyed beauty. Now, I was beginning to rethink those theories. 'You shall know in due time,' 'Or is it because you're simply a gentleman and you don't believe a woman like me can stand up for herself?' I couldn't help it. The words flew out of my mouth making me wish I could eat them. I was teasing the man who saved my hide! 'Not in front of Murray,' 'I most certainly could, Lawrence!' 'We better catch up to Dryden, Lara!' He grasped my wrist again, and a familiar tingle went up my spine as we rushed forward to catch up to the man who dawdled ahead of us. As we walked into Dryden's room, Lawrence asked 'So, what is the job anyway?' 'Find Prince Feisal.' 'When I've found him?' 'Find out what kind of man he is, find out what his intentions are, not his immediate intentions, - that's Colonel Brighton's duties...But find out his intentions in Arabia altogether.' Dryden's eyes gazed over us approvingly. 'Prince Feisal's brothers?' I mentioned. 'You do seem informed, Miss Grecoff, as for his brothers, I believe you shall see one of them, before you head out for Feisal. You shall be on a journey across the Red Sea, and will most likely meet him before you start toward Feisal. He, at the moment is not of great importance, but...' 'That's new,' Lawrence had sauntered over to an Egyptian statue of a cat. He slowly turned though, 'Where are they now?' 'Anywhere between ten miles of Medina, they are Hashemite Bedouins, they can cross sixty miles of desert in a day,' I moved closer, almost unbelieving that these strange fantasies of mine were coming true in the form of real people who could perform fantastic feats. 'Dryden, this is going to be fun,' Lawrence lit a match in milliseconds, and I saw my excitement reflected in his eyes. Dryden smirked. 'Lawrence, only two kinds of creature get fun in the desert, Bedouins and gods, and you're neither.' 'Take it from me, for ordinary men; it's a burning fiery, furnace.' My first thought came in the visualization of Dryden sweating an ocean atop a camel in the desert and my second in the strange thought that Lawrence was not an ordinary man. 'No, Dryden, it's going to be fun.' The match was lighted and connected with Dryden's cigarette. Lawrence held the match up, and rolling his sleeves looked at it as if it were a crystal ball, holding the future in its quivering flame... 'It is recognized, that you have a funny sense of fun.' I wryly interjected 'Perhaps that's why most of us are here, because we have a funny sense of fun.' . . . In a whirlwind of preparation and acknowledgment of my unprecedented arrival, we finally managed to leave. I found myself getting to know Lawrence better, and I was refreshed by the mind of a fellow writer. We were trapped; having tangled each other in our charms. Or so, that was how it seemed. For when Lawrence walked into a room, he always made it seem as if Apollo himself had blessed us with his arrival. In fact we only knew each other for just over a week. Most people though, considered him either very peculiar or simply a clown, while, dare I say it, I saw something more in him. Beneath that thin veneer of delicate German-Russian attractiveness (blonde-hair, blue eyes, aquiline nose, and very black brows and lashes, similar to my own), I saw something wild and dangerous, a flame that glowed and flickered like the match he held the day I met him, a flame that could nurture and protect, burn and devour, a flame that could one day set the desert on fire. I even thought I saw madness veiled under those blue eyes. I was terrified of him, but it was that kind of exultant, awe-stricken, heart-quickening terror, that drew me to him, like a moth to a lamp. I saw my own inner fire, inside of him and I saw many other things that cannot be described. He was everything I loved and detested about humanity, he was a man without comparison, not Napoleon or Julius Caesar, he was greater than the sum of his parts, he was everything and anything, and without knowing it, I adored him and worshiped him. Already these feelings for him were beginning to develop inside of me, but they were not yet realized, they were just the way that he walked, his stature, his voice, or the way that he laughed. The night of our departure, we were both on the bow of the streamlined ship, I laughing as Lawrence shot bottles of the deck of the boat. My laughter subsided as the last bottle cracked into splintered glass and shot off into the foaming star-specked sea. The night was like a rich blanket, only restless, filled with the promise of a new day and a coming adventure. The other men had already retired, grudgingly leaving us for our charades, probably thinking that shooting bottles off the deck was a harmless way to exert the energies of a young man who had a few too many glasses of wine that night. I grabbed Lawrence's arm. 'Our destination is far over the wide ocean, do you believe we shall ever get there?' Lawrence gazed into my eyes, perfectly sober in the intensity of his gaze. 'I shall not rest until I have built Jerusalem in England's green and pleasant land.' His melodious voice floated over the churning waves. 'I'm afraid you're doing exactly the opposite.' He chuckled, a lovely lilting sound which plucked my heartstrings. 'That, we shall.'[Chapter 3] Sand, sand...Endless, rolling dunes, of silt-soft rich, golden sand which caressed your fingers like fairy dust when you held it, but stung your face with the fury of killer hornets during a storm. Already, I felt words and stories pop into my brain like newly inflated helium balloons. This fabulous land that I had entered had all the makings of a century of novels, with plenty of room left for more. I was in ecstasy as I realized the potential for fantasies involving hideous burrowing trolls, 7 metres long, mysteries filled with beautiful countesses who were seeking vengeance against jewel-laden medicine-men who had poisoned their husbands, and adventures with stir-crazy archaeologists searching for lost tombs and necropolises is the cliff-sides. A nasty jerk of my she-camel's head (who I had secretly named Mimosa for my own reasons) awoke me from my silent reverie. I grunted as I changed my position on my saddle, which admittedly had taken quite a bit of getting used to on my part. I was prepared to stay silent though throughout the laborious riding, which thankfully was not unlike the swinging of the boat which we had crossed the Red Sea on, before entering port. There we had admired the town's distinctive features, walking amid the peaceful dustiness and trying to peek through the lacy niches that served as windows. It was very beautiful, as quiet as it was, and I was quick to observe the veiled women as they scuttled into doorways like little black mice in the shadow of our tread. Might I add, we also paid a visit to the distinguished brother of our dear monarch Feisal, who was helpful, but as we suspected aboard ship, not the man we needed to lead the people. He served a sumptuous meal to us in the mid-morning day which consisted of everything from almond biscuits, to sweet dates, ripe olives, and juicy figs. Thankfully my courteous and respectful demeanour was repaid duly. I stretched my tendons, and wiggled my feet with relief, for they had been plagued with Charlie horses all day. I once again revelled in the feel of pants. Ah! Pants! Thy softness against my poor legs! I had recently adopted the officer's dress for obvious reasons, and in no way did I miss the horrid skirts I was used to! Yes, I can now say horrid! Awful, despicable! My only problem being the measures on my uniform which were a bit off-hand- since they were made for a man of course. A bit baggy on the hips and arms, and tight across the chest, so I would be catching strange looks from my counterpart if a button popped by chance. It seemed I had completely forgot about my other companions who had stopped to rest beside me, and I looked up to see Lawrence gazing over the dunes in much the same way I had done, his eyes glowing like two brilliant opals excavated from Ali Baba's treasure cave. 'Here you may drink.' The Arab we had acquired was a stern man. So far, I had not seen him smile once, and his conduct toward both of us was one and the same, chilly. Assuredly, his conduct toward me having first met was nothing less than awkward. Him having stared at me for a veritable 18 seconds, before shaking his head slowly and mumbling 'What is the world coming to?' in Arabic was not exactly reassuring. On the bright side, he didn't to portray too much outward hostility, but of course all that could change in a matter of moments I was sure, even by the slightest misconduct- at least that was my theory. Prince Feisal would be another matter altogether, for better or worse, I could not say. 'One cup.' I almost cried out with relief! Water! Sweet elixir! I could feel my mouth watering as the container began to empty. I eagerly awaited my turn, but was unexpectedly thwarted by Lawrence's pride. 'You do not drink?' I felt the urge to slap him, rising in my chest. Of course not, his pride wouldn't let him drink in front of a British officer, I'm sure! 'No.' 'I'll drink when you do,' I closed my eyes slowly, cursing under my breath. 'I am Bedou,' Lawrence turned to me, offering me the coarse metal jug. A sickly sweet smile spread across my face. 'No thank you,' Unfortunately, I too, was blessed with that infernal emotion known as pride. . . . The slow trotting of the camels creates a rhythm which makes drifting hard to resist. Drifting- that beautiful release from the world, which may begin in the form of thought, before progressing to the point where one is staring at a place, focusing pointlessly until one's mind dislocates from one's body, which can be potentially fatal. We both became informed that falling off one's camel is not a pleasant experience. I reminded myself to stay alert, but inevitably my thoughts wandered. I remembered aboard our ship, it was as I recall the S.S Arabia our some fool thing like that, on one of our last night's of the journey how a quite intoxicated Lawrence (they did have great quantities of liquor aboard the boat) chased me from bow to stern in attempt to kiss me. I turned a couple of shades of pink at the recollection. I had evaded him for some time, laughter tainting my lips, my skirts still tripping me, when at the stern he finally caught me from behind, wrapping his arms around my waist and placing his hands on my thighs. I struggled fruitlessly, but in reality, my heart was close to leaping out of my chest, and my body was tingling pleasantly as he spun me around to nibble my neck. His teeth bit me gently as I sensed his warm tongue make contact with my skin. I was shocked at both his action and my response of allowing him to keep his hands firmly placed below my breasts. Only then, did our captain enter the scene, interrupting who he called the 'Midnight Lovers'. Even now, I was confused. I had long heard of soldier's chasing pretty girls to kiss, intoxicated our not, but Lawrence's act of veritably trying to make love to me left me speechless. Make love. That strange tingling sensation returned. I being a virgin was both titillated and frightened of those words. The only thing I could recollect about making love would be what old matrons whispered about, and the idea of such painful grinding left me slightly nauseated. If the captain hadn't come though, would Lawrence have kissed me harder? What would I have done? Assuredly, run, struggle more, cry out for help...The only other option would be to respond to these touches, these advances, yet, doing such a thing would...I shivered. Had I wanted the captain to come, to make those sweet lips stop their soft, firm caresses? Was I mad? Was it just desire whispering sweet nothings in my ear? My head snapped up. Not a couple of feet away, was the same man who had so ruthlessly tried to kiss me a few days ago. He could have been a completely different man. Solemn, focused. Intently looking around him at what looked like gigantic stone pyramids. They were magnificent, but all I could see was him. That night- his usually perfectly combed golden hair was bedraggled, kiss curls hanging, eyes glimmering, smile playfully seductive. I tried my best to copy Lawrence now. Trying to think elsewhere, looking far into the distance, perhaps until the sands swallowed me once again. . . . The night was a rich blanket which enveloped us all in its silky embrace. Our campfire was turning into a pile of flickering ashes, and we snuggled into our sleeping bags, divulging into meditative silence. It was our first night out on the open sand, and talk that night was virtually non-existent. Only, it seemed as if a storm was quietly brewing, as the fire died in the same manner. The heavens above were utterly incredible, for away from bright city lights, there was nothing in the way of the untarnished Milky Way. The stars twinkled peacefully, and I contemplated their affect on us in the thick silence. Lawrence beside me lounged comfortably, whereas I huddled, holding my knees to me, eyes darting from him back to me. 'It's a beautiful night, isn't it,' I suggested. 'Surely,' 'I, I' 'Hmm... .' 'Nothing, I just remembered something,' 'You know what this makes me think of? When I was small, I used to think the stars were the eyes dead people, winking down at us.' 'What..!' 'I know it's foolish,' 'More frightening than foolish...' 'How did you come up with that?' 'My brothers told me,' A pause. 'My brothers were both killed in battle,' I didn't say anything, not even a startled oh; I just took Lawrence's hand and pressed my thumb into his palm. It seemed like the only proper thing to do, somehow a gesture of comradeship, between two souls having wandered out into the desert only to find each other. Exhaustion swept over me, and I was forced to lie down, cradling my head in my arms, as I touched Lawrence's arm once more in an act of reassurance. My breathing slowed, yet I was still conscious to hear our Bedou pose a question. 'Truly, you are a British officer?' 'Yes,' 'From Cairo?' 'Yes,' 'You did not ride from Cairo?' 'No,' 'Thank heavens, it's five hundred miles, we came by boat,' 'And before, from- Britain?' 'Yes,' 'Truly?' 'From Oxfordshire,' 'Is that a desert country?' 'No, fat country, fat people,' 'You are not fat?' 'No, I'm different,' Those were the last words I heard before sleep overcame my senses.[Chapter 4] I know, I know it's copied verbatim from the film. I know it's all hopelessly contrived and I am making this character sound like Gertrude Bell. I AM SORRY! Once more, I wrote this originally three or four years ago when I was much younger and less imaginative.. The next morning I awoke before the others, just as dawn broke over the horizon; it had been a night of deep sleep and no dreams for me, which was, frankly, unusual. Yet, I in no way regretted being an early riser, as I watched over the dunes as the burning fiery orb began its ascent in the sky with agonizing slowness, as if it was proving that it was the all-powerful fireball which ruled us in the desert, while we were mere humans, who toiled under its malevolent gaze. As these thoughts whirled through my head, like swirling gases, I did not happen to notice Lawrence who had apparently woken up, and was staring at me, with a grin on his face as I admired the sky. 'You're awake?' he turned to me. 'Certainly,' I mimicked something he might say. 'The sun is most golden and glorious this morning, Lieutenant Lawrence...' I continued in a droning monotone. 'Indeed, I believe we shall experience the full force of our celestial dead weight in a few hours, Miss Grecoff,' 'Yet, if a solar eclipse darkened our heavens, would it so darken our hearts, also?' my words fell on deaf ears. 'I hate this useless, chitchat. Come here, I want to show you my notebooks,' A smile lit my face as I looked on intrigued at a thick leather notebook that was thrown in front of me. I picked it up gently, brushing off particles of sand, and gently opened its pages with reverence. 'I've been writing approximately since the Red Sea, and when we went into port, for I'm sure I must at least document the bare facts for now. My prologue though was started earlier on, though' I moved in closer, scanning the journals. Descriptions and musings of the war, Feisal, the Arabs, their history, my mind spun with the quantity of facts I had acquired in a few pages. 'If you ever managed to publish a whole book, it would certainly be a triumph,' I finished with awe as I looked upward eyes glimmering. An icy chill ran through me all of a sudden. 'Certainly, I couldn't write this, nor have the passion- I think I am more set on documenting fictional fantasies. As far as journalism went, it was all about getting writing experience,' I bit my lower lip, 'In any case, it almost seems like theft or cheating to have me here in the same position as you, what in the world do I have to offer here? So far, I feel pointless,' Lawrence looked at me intently, raising my chin carefully. His mouth was set into a thin line and his gaze was remarkably steady and intense. 'You have come here to offer what you have, which is more than either of us will hope to gain from the other. You have already proved yourself, to me, to Dryden, and to Murray. You just have to keep proving yourself. It may not be easy, but you are the only one of us that knows the real reason you're here,' I closed my eyes momentarily and thought about Lawrence's hopeful words. My father? Mostly. After all, it was his idea, but, I could have refused. I could have meekly told him that I had no red blood, that I wasn't interest. Yet, I accepted, I persevered, learning about Arab culture, reviewing politics, planning for an expedition, and bringing along several journals, packing re-packing, and contacting family and friends. At the time, fear or doubt had never entered my brain. It was something I had been waiting for all my life, but I just hadn't realized. I opened my eyes. Our Arab had awakened, and new energy was rushing through my veins. New reason filled me, and my own personal mission became as clear as a bolt of lightning out of the blue. It was as if the reason for life had just made itself clear to me. Breakfast past sluggishly, as we were offered pasty white food that looked suspiciously like maggots, and tasted suspiciously fatty and spongy at the same time. Possibly the best part, was Lawrence having forged a new friendship with our guide, something I was sure would come in handy. Our mood having lightened, the day spent riding under open sky was, in fact, enjoyable, and I eagerly spoke to Lawrence on occasion when our camels neared each other in their continuous rhythm. As we mounted a particular hillock of sand, our guide jumped off, as he pointed out into the distance in a manner which made me fear that we may be in dangerous territory. 'Bedou,' the words in this context were spine-chilling, and the three of us, dismounted our camels to try to spot the ones who had halted our expedition. Lawrence made use of the binoculars hung around his neck for this purpose, as I likewise tried without, but to no avail. 'From here to Lord Feisal's camp is Hareth country,' I racked my brain, ah, the Hareth! Information flooded my mind as I remembered what I had learnt. 'Yes, I know,' came Lawrence, and his words provided not the slightest comfort. 'I am not Hareth,' 'No, Ha-' 'Hazimi of the Beni Salam,' Our words melded into one statement. We broke off as we realized that we had just said the exact same thing in almost perfect synchrony. Our eyes met, and as I felt those marine spheres bore into me once again, I honestly hoped that some of the emotion that pinched me would become evident to him. In fact, I felt my cheeks become hot, and I couldn't stop smiling in an idiotic way afterward. . . . We continued, descending a steep incline, and leading our camels hazardously behind us. I was very careful with each movement, hands sweating buckets with the fear I may come tumbling down at any moment. Lawrence in front of me moved more recklessly in the effort to catch up to our guide, who at but a few feet, moved with confident precision. I grasped the rope which held my camel carefully, but still felt my feet shifting precariously. I finally realized that being at the back of the group was in no means a guarantee of safety. Lawrence in front of me, was moving faster, and as I proceeded toward him in the hope of conquering this slope once and for all, was interrupted by his own slip. I gasped letting go of my camel to help him up, when tripping over my rope I crashed onto him, so that we found ourselves rolling together the rest of the way. There was no time to give a cry as we tumbled to a halt below, I having landed directly atop him, so that I was literally lying, my legs spread across his navel, my hair having flown in all directions. Still overcome with shock I barely registered when Lawrence jokingly commented, 'I rather like this position,' I immediately got up, the familiar heat returning to my cheeks as I struggled for much need words. Bedraggled Lawrence likewise raised himself, and somehow, I laughed. Tears staining my cheeks, I laughed, which was how our helpful guide found us, on the ground again, clutching each other in a delicious moment of hysteria. . . . We had been going at a steady trot for a good while, but, eventually, we halted once again, to my surprise for a lesson in camel riding. 'Put your right foot in front, lock it with you left foot, then when you're ready to go, hit her on the shoulder and say, hut, hut, hut!' Adequate hand gestures were provided to illustrate the situation. I gave a small smile of superiority remembering how our guide had grudgingly complimented my superior riding abilities earlier, before Lawrence gave a shout of 'Hut, hut- hut!' Suddenly, his camel bolted with impressive speed, and as the guide looked on with alarm, he disappeared over a nearby dune. I slapped my camel eagerly, as we headed off to see what we could see. I gave a raucous cry, half of mirth and half of pain. I immediately jumped off, to attend to the fallen Lawrence, who sat lopsided on the sand, his camel groaning frantically. I reached my hands out, brushing away his hair and feeling his face gently, fingering his cheekbones, a laughable expression on my face. Lawrence didn't seem to be overly enjoying the attention, but I felt it by duty to baby him. 'You poor thing!' I chuckled, admiring the hard contours of his muscles as he got up with a small 'hmmpff' to restore his bruised dignity. Likewise, our Bedou behind us, tried to disguise his laughter in the form of an unfortunate clucking. 'Today will be difficult, but tomorrow, good riding!' . . . Riding continued day in and day out, with a fantastic number of failures on both our parts, and an adequate number of successes. Thankfully, we made good time, and the evening was made to rest, as we basked in the coolest hour of the day, exchanging conversation, writing (I was very much involved with documenting the anatomy of a camel and my story of the desert countess),and philosophizing. Philosophizing had always been a main pursuit of mine since childhood, and Lawrence mind was so refreshing, I could hardly wait for the evenings of discussions, headed by Lawrence's angelic drone, and thrust into confusion and chaos by my bright chirp. Our nights would eventually end though, and the soothing chatter of our own voices and the stillness of the night would lull to glorious slumber. Morning was always exciting, and after we ate, we headed out to see what new disasters we might encounter on our way. In no time at all we had made it to the Matzurah well. The sloshing of water broke the stillness of midday, as our Bedou (whom I finally learnt was named Tabad) carefully reeled up a goatskin of purity. The two of us both managed to get a drink, and thankfully, English chivalry applied, so that i managed to quench my aching thirst with a cool drink first. I regarded the dusty atmosphere around me as I drank, and it hit me how precious water must be to Arabs in a land such as this, for the way that sweet elixir tasted, I thought I was drinking honeyed wine, not brackish water. 'Good?' Tabad posed the question with a jolly note. 'It's alright,' Lawrence weakly said. 'This is a Hareth well, the Hareth are a dirty people,' muttered Tabad as if trying to make an excuse for the inferior water. I laughed involuntarily. 'It's the best thing I ever tasted—and I think it's making me tipsy!' I whirled around, pretending to be drunk, before I stumbled on a loose stone on the side of the well. Horror lit my face as I fell, only to be caught by Lawrence, who had managed to keep a sharp eye out for me. 'Thank-you,' I mouthed, my eyes closed, and my breathing heavy with relief. 'All in a day's work, melady,' 'You saved my life!' 'I hope you would allow me the lengths to kiss thy hand,' 'Charmed,' I whispered as his lips touched my skin once again. I followed as Lawrence sauntered over to a nearby mound, lying down comfortably on his side. I joined him, putting my head in my hands, as he pulled out the scope lens on his compass, whistling a tune I didn't recognize. 'Don't scope me!' I giggled. 'Hmm... .' Lawrence pretended to stroke his chin in mock arousal, eyes curved to slits. 'You are a filthy beast, and I hope I never lay eyes on you as long as I live!' I cried snatching away the compass. 'I'm afraid Mademoiselle -'I felt my wrists tighten in an iron grip, yet before I could give a joking groan of protest, the thud of the goatskin into the well distracted our attentions. Tabad stood, just above the well, eyes staring into the innumerable distance I felt my veins run cold. Lawrence and I both turned, looking in the same direction, and as I felt the grip on my wrists slacken, I felt the blood in my hands return, thumping my pulse painfully loudly. You could have heard a pin drop in the pervading silence. In the distance a small black spot materialized before my eyes, and as we stood stock still gazing into the horizon, I believe an onlooker would have laughed at our helplessness. 'Turks,' Lawrence's words, cut through the air like a knife though hot butter. Tabad had turned into a frozen statue. His whole body petrified, only his eyes animated. 'It must be an Arab!' I whispered frantically, 'A Hareth!' The blurred image continued, nearing us with astonishing slowness, yet at the moment, I felt as if the whole world was centred in that moment. All of space and time in the head of a needle. My heart thudded in my chest, and then, I could see the sweat glistening on Lawrence's brow, I sensed the wispy breeze cool my wet arms and legs, tasted salty blood in my mouth from biting down so hard on my tongue. 'Bedou,' Seconds turned into hours, and still the sun beat down unmercifully above our bare heads. Terror suddenly gripped me as I saw the swinging of the far-off man's capes, and I felt a nauseating churning in my stomach, as I continued to stare paralyzed with fear. Closer, ever closer he came, a vision from afar, suddenly, real, alive, no longer an unreal shadow, no longer stuff of nightmares, but of flesh and bones. Lawrence began to cautiously move, in choppy jerks closer to the well, motioning at me to stay behind. Glaring, I disobeyed him, the terror inside of me, only fuelling the urge to move, somewhere, and I craved Lawrence's reassuring stability beside me. As if he was a mechanical puppet suddenly come to life, Tabad flew across the sand, already it was obvious his purpose. That was when I knew, for sure that our visitor was in no way a friend. 'Tabad!' In a split-second I saw the gun steady, then a gunshot. The gun flew directly to Lawrence's feet, and coldness filled my heart, for what had just occurred seemed utterly impossible. Tabad's crumpled body lay on the sand like a tribute. A tribute to what? Survival of the fittest, survival of the one without mercy or rationality. Shoot first and talk later? I still could not comprehend that our guide was dead, shot by a pitiless monster. I felt myself quivering with rage. Our black stranger trotted gradually closer, before alighting on the sand, and surveying our deceased comrade, face covered, and primitive bayonet slung over shoulder in a manner which made one believe that from doing such deeds all his life, that he was forcing himself to find some enjoyment in the act. Beside me, Lawrence, was likewise reflecting my emotions with an intensity which surprised me. In fact, I had seen him accepting and embracing Arab culture so much, to see him not defending it, but openly protesting its cruelty was close to frightening. 'He is dead,' our visitor sharply ejected. 'Yes,' Lawrence's voice cut like razors. 'Why?' 'He drunk from my well,' 'I drunk from it,' 'You are welcome,' finally the man's face appeared, revealing a great oily moustache and a darkly outlined visage. 'He was my friend,' I could not only see the rage, I could hear it now. 'He was both our friends!' I had felt forgotten up to now, and taking the opportunity I questioned 'What makes this your well...' 'Ali, Ali of the Hareth, and this well is a well which has been passed down from me by my father's fathers,' he was about to make a mocking bow when he looked at me, more intently at time, noticing for once, something different. 'A woman?' his words were filled with confusion and the slightest bit of respect. 'In all my days, I have never seen—' 'A Canadian woman, in uniform, standing up for what I believe is right, and trying to make sense of an event which causes horror to stir within me,' Even I was shocked by my own words. Then, the strangest thing happened. He laughed. Ali of the Hareth laughed a wondrous roar which was relinquished by the emptiness of the desert. 'Come closer, woman, you minx !' where he had learnt such a word I would never know, but I stood silently. 'No,' In a moment, Lawrence grasped me. 'You won't lay a hand on her,' the resolution in his voice and the protective way in which he held me to him, was wonderful, but I felt the desire to fight my own battles strong within me. Ali just smiled. He sauntered closer. 'This pistol yours?' the question was directed at Lawrence, but in that moment I saw him gleam his white teeth directly at me. 'His,' The pistol went into the man's belt, and even though I felt the desire to ripple the pond by asking why he hadn't posed the same question to me, but I knew how unsafe it was for both of us. The question was repeated again to Lawrence's metal cup, which was met with the answer 'Mine'. 'Then I will use it,' he proceeded to disrupt the well. 'Your friend, was a Hazimi of the Beni Salam' 'I know,' 'What was a Hazimi doing here?' 'We came to drink, Ali of the Hareth,' breaking my bonds, I came directly up to our opponent. For I had not only escaped the bonds of Lawrence's iron grip, but the bonds of fear which held be stronger than the most powerful chains. I was elated as I continued. 'We are on our way to see Prince Feisal, and I am sure you never intended to be an obstruction in our journey,' I was preparing myself for everything, to be struck, grabbed, even rape could be survived with little mental trauma I hoped, but I never expected what would happen next. He kissed me. On the side of my face, in a quick gesture. I was stunned. 'Now, you were saying?' Lawrence thankfully came to my rescue, for I had turned into a marble sculpture. 'We came from Cairo!' 'Indeed! I was in Cairo, for my schooling, I can both read and write,' Ali took a swig from the cup, and his gesture of indifference, stunned me, for I still could not understand his previous behaviour. 'Lord Feisal already has an Englishman,' 'Yes,' Lawrence's disgusted silence seemed to speak more than a furious speech. 'What is your name?' 'My name is for my friends,' 'None of my friends is a murderer,' the disgust rose like bile in his throat. 'You are angry, English,' Ali moved to his camel. 'He was nothing, the well is everything, the Hazimi may not drink at our wells, he knew that,' I wished to form a response, but words could not form for, I was still motionless. 'Salaam!' I closed my eyes. 'Sharif Ali, as long as the Arabs continue to fight tribe against tribe, so long will they be a little people, a silly people, greedy, barbarous and cruel as you are,' to make his point, Lawrence brushed his uniform off, as if trying to rid himself of Ali of the Hareth. ' In defiance, he grabbed the goatskin's rope and pulled it fiercely, in an effort to wash his face of the dark man. Ali returned. 'I will take you to Feisal,' 'We do not want your company Sharif,' 'Wadi Safra is another mile from here. You will not find it, and not finding it, you will die,' 'What of you?' Surprisingly he turned to me again, his eyes roving me. 'I don't intend to die,' my words sounded weak to my ears. 'You shall not die,' suddenly his words became sweeter, yet they were sweet in the sense that there was respect in them. ' We shall not die,' I held Lawrence's arm firmly, resolution sparkling in my eyes. 'Indeed,' 'We shall find it with this,' beside me Lawrence held up his compass, which Ali snapped up. It seemed Ali of the Hareth was winning in the sense that he had us on strings, but we were winning in the power of our enduring determination. 'Good army compass, how if I take it?' 'Then you would be a thief,' 'Have you no fear, English?' 'None- might I add that he is the bravest man I have yet to know?' I courageously added. 'In fact, he is braver than the man who kills without fear, slaughters without justice, and brings glory to his people in the form of fresh blood! For, he-'here I moved closer to Lawrence, 'is a man of mercy,' That familiar respect flashed in Ali's eyes once again. 'Truly,' but instead of returning the compass to Lawrence, it was given to me. 'Take it,' Tentatively, I reached my hand out to take the compass, which I followed with a glare of triumph, and perhaps dual respect, for we were no longer enemies per-say, but two people that had managed to find momentary peace in the midst of their conflict. 'God be with you,' and in a flash, he was gone, as the Bedou go, disappearing over a stretch of vast sand. The two of us who remained had only but a moment to catch our breaths. Lawrence turned to me. 'Good army compass,' I meekly said, offering the compass, my eyes downcast. I finally looked upward to see Lawrence's eyes shining as his gaze rested upon me. 'You are the most extraordinary woman I have ever met,'[Chapter 5] Once more, I am so sorry for this..*cries* I wrote this in the impetuousness of youth, when writing self-inserts was still cool. 'As I walk along the Bois de Boulogne with an independent air!' ' Chomnoya noch...' I'm the man who broke the bank at Monte Carlo!' Forgetting the ensuing lyrics, I gave musical 'na, na, na, na, na!' and tried to rack my brain for complimentary Russian folk songs, only I was drawing a blank as we tried to out-sing each other, having entered a cavernous valley of echoing granite cliffs. Having escaped the Matzurah well and its baffling and unpleasant memories, we headed due west in the direction of Feisal's appointed camp. All of a sudden, an unreal cry, entered our hearing, and our heads snapped around at the cry- 'You people!' we gazed in the direction of the voice came from in a mixture one quarter shock, one quarter relief, and one quarter disappointment that our karaoke session had been broken up. In mere moments, we were sidled up against a thick-set man with a pudgy face and closely shaven head. He often snarled at the merest provocation and seemed the very embodiment of the English diplomat, rudely invading and controlling puppet monarchy. 'I've been waiting for your arrival,' he searched us intently, 'two people, I was told, by Feisal, one of them, apparently, a woman, I shall be pleased to inform him that his sources proved accurate,' I looked into around me and was humbled to see Feisal's camp in the distance, a huddle of black tents with both camels and horses with elaborate feathers tethered beside them. 'As you probably know, my name is Brighton- you are?' he gestured toward us. 'Lawrence,' I felt unsure how to answer, these people so used to calling each other by their last names. 'Miss Grecoff, but I prefer to be called by my first name, Lara,' Brighton stiffened, 'All right then, well, I openly curious of your intentions here, Miss... .' Lawrence stiffened likewise, 'She is here with exactly the same intentions of I, to assess the situation as I was vaguely committed to do, and happens to be a very qualified individual for that matter,' Feeling that protective flame flare up again, I felt my heart quicken with happiness. 'I see you are not English' 'No, Canadian,' 'Ah, well' 'In any case, the situation here is absolutely awful, no morale at all, and they just don't have anything it takes to form a properly formed army! The situation is utterly hopeless it seems, but I will make it clear, now and now only, that here I don't intend for you to be getting particularly chummy with these Arabs, they're goddamn savages!' 'Your guide?' Brighton motioned again. I interrupted 'Killed,' 'I tell you, bloody savages,' 'How can you possibly blame an entire race of being savage, Brighton?' added Lawrence nonchalantly. 'A savage is a savage, a person who kills without thought or reason, and war! These people, have no discipline, no-' 'You seem to be speaking by British standards,' I said, 'Society is different everywhere isn't it?' Lawrence had momentarily moved ahead of us, as Brighton turned to me with a glare. 'The world, has standards, Miss Grecoff, and we can't accept one violent people to put a blotch in our empire,' with that he clopped toward Lawrence, as I took a moment to catch my breath. ' Empire,' ' Empire,' The word rung in my head like a tolling bell. I sat in my camel saddle feeling as if my heartbeat had stilled. Arabia is meant to be added to the British Empire. I should have known all along. I should have realized that the situation in my mind was laughable really. A powerful country sticking up for a less powerful one, simply because it hated its aggressor. Impossible, I know realized, as I chastised myself for being so pitifully naive. All they wanted was Arabia after all, simply another epic glory for the empire, another state to vanquish, this whole time, just another farce to rape a newly freed country. How naive. How very, very naive. I was shot back into reality by a horrifying boom which seemed like an ugly omen of things to come. I looked up, to see Turkish fighter planes, like buzzing hornets, having appeared virtually out of nowhere, proceeding to drop grenades down onto the camp with frightening regularity. Screams and the whinnying of horses could be heard from afar, and clucking to my nerve-racked Mimosa with alarm, I hastened to the side of my companions who sat, Brighton, his face unreadable and Lawrence, his face with more misery reflected in his eyes than fear. People began to scatter like terrified termites, evacuating tents in the hope of safety in open air, clumping together like flocks of swallows, a sadly stupid thing to do. Their cries roared and jumbled as the fighter planes zoomed down like angry mosquitoes. Suddenly, a figure appeared out of the swirling dust, astride a white stallion with beautiful feathers adorning its mane. With a great cry he raised his sword in the air calling all his men to 'stand and fight!' stand and fight!' It was a truly pitiful scene. The fleeing warriors, broken by strain, with their leader, calling them all to defend their camp, with nothing but pure courage and pretty footwork. Horses bolted into the frenzy as explosions created more waste, fire, smoke, and general debris to be scattered in all directions. In the centre of it all, Feisal, older than I expected, for I could see him clearly now, we having ignored the receding bombs and moved fully into the thrall. In fact, he couldn't have been very old. Only, trying to be a lord to his people, and protect them from animosity that came from all directions, must have been the reasons that his face was so deeply worn with pain and grief. He noticed as then, the gnarled head looking toward us with blank eyes. 'Who are you?' his voice may have been heavy, but it still kept its dignity. 'Lieutenant Lawrence, sir and- Miss, er- Lara Grecoff,' Brighton grunted. 'Seconded to the Arab Bureau,' 'This is a bloody mess sir, we'll have to move south,' he added in a dark growl as he looked around at the destruction. 'Yes, Colonel, fifty miles south, you were right and I was wrong,' Feisal's voice harboured black humour. I felt a sharpness stab my heart as I listened to the conversation, and I remembered Brighton's earlier words, ' empire', 'empire'. 'We must save some thought for the wounded,' Feisal's words trailed off into the distance like a lost dream. 'Well, we'll take care of them at Yenbo, sir,' 'If they can get to Yenbo,' Yenbo, Yenbo, Empire, Empire, they can't get away with this, I mustn't let them let get away with this. 'Well, they can hardly come with us, sir,' 'No, but they must try to reach Yenbo,' 'Lieutenant- and Miss-?' 'Lawrence, and Miss Lara Grecoff,' Lawrence answered. Trying to appear courteous I added 'We are very honoured and pleased to be in your prescience, Lord Feisal,' I bowed my head, gently as if apologizing for every fighter plane that dared attack such an illustrious camp as Feisal's. 'We all are deeply regretful of the fact that you happened to be in such a vulnerable position,' Feisal gazed at me. 'You are a very considerate young lady, I fear in a situation which appears to be very inconsiderate to our people.' He turned to Lawrence. 'For you see Lieutenant Lawrence, my people are unused to explosives and machines, he sighed, 'First the guns and now this', before turning and galloping away as if accepting his fate in a heart-breaking manner. Such a beautiful figure, a figure to lead the people with strength and justice, yet swept away by powers greater than him. It hurt to watch the solitary man ride away. . . . As darkness set in, cooling the land, a rag-tag group of wanderers began their march south, ever south. Everyone's heart was heavy with defeat, heads were low, and even camels seemed to drag their feet through the sand. Our course was monotonous and having learnt what I had about Britain's real interest in Arabia, I couldn't force myself to speak to Lawrence, which I attributed to menstrual pains, leaving him with a startled and hurt look upon his face. I'd always found it hard to lie, but lying to Lawrence was like stabbing myself in the ribs. Riding continued on in the morning, a solemn yet dignified precession. Thoughts chased each other through my head like mating sparrows. Can anything be done? Besides, the Arabs are in such a hopeless state, who could defeat the Turks? Even when the English try, they don't seem to be getting far. I racked my brain. Who cares, besides me and- Lawrence? You can see the fire, the sparkle in his eyes. He has told me about his involvement in the Arab Bureau; those who actually want to create an Arab state. I probably know him better than anyone else now...Afterward? If the war was won? If the revolution succeeded? What then? I knew I mustn't let this happen, we mustn't let this happen. Lawrence and I- only, as much as we needed our joint cooperation to make this work, I didn't- I couldn't tell Lawrence, what if it made him give of hope? What if it crushed him? I never knew Lawrence to be a weak figure, but all the same fear ate away at me. I felt the need to be secretive, but I knew it I had to tell him eventually. I couldn't harbour a secret like this forever. ","Summary":" So here is my Lawrence of Arabia fanfiction! This fanfiction will be based almost entirely on the m"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Slave Master","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12173323","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first fic of the upcoming movie \"Rock Dog\". Description: The film is coming in February next year but I wanted to do this this year cause it's furries year. Anyway, I saw the trailer earlier in 2015 but I didn't get the Boss wolf's name until after a year. Another thing, Bodi's father looks sexy. Pairings: Khampa/Linnux, Bodi/Trey, Riff/Skozz (Slash) Rated: K+ Date: June 30 It was about night time in the village on Snow Mountain , Khampa was sleeping alone in his house while his son was sound asleep in his own bed, dreaming away until he heard a rather unpleasant noise and instantly rolled onto the floor. Who's there? He asked getting into his karate pose while grinding his teeth together but no one was there so he got the courage and investigated. He creped down passed Bodi's room but stopped and walked quietly in, went by his bedside and looked at him all snuggled up, hugging his Angus Scattergood doll and kissed him right on the cheek \"sweet dreams son\" He said before springing back into stealth mode. He crawled outside his son's room and moved up against the wall, shimmied along it out the door. Outside, he peeked to see if the intruder was around then when he wasn't, the Tibetan Mastiff sighed in relief. \"I need some air\" He said fully coming out the door and closing it behind him but as he was started to walk a few feet away, he was tackled and rolled on the grass. Khampa saw that it was Linnux \"What the heck are you doing here? He asked growling. \"You\" He said hungrily. The Tibetan Mastiff pushed the alpha wolf backwards and got up, he walked to him but he unspokenly surprised him with a takedown. \"Do your worst\" Khampa shouted struggling and the wolf smirked sexually brought a truly unexpected twist. He put his mouth on his without question causing the Tibetan Mastiff to struggle even more but after they rolled over, Khampa quickly pulled off \"If this your idea of some kind of sick joke cause it's not playing along? Khampa yelled. \"I didn't come back to take Snow Mountain\" he sat up \"Oh, really...if you came here for my son then you'll have to get through me\" He stated scolding him while in his stance. \"I'm here to make peace\" The wolf said panting. He thought that he would hear him out but he was wrong as Khampa started up his Kamehameha, he accepted his fate and closed his eyes as he blasted but Linnux slowly opened them and looked straight at the dog who was breathing heavily. \"I can't do it\" he looked away and the wolf sighed but Khampa pulled him up by his tie \"I can't kill you until I have a reason\" He said with anger in his voice. The light came on in the window. \"Dad, what're you doing? Bodi asked while rubbing his eyes as he was having a fantastic dream about Trey and him watching in one of Angus Scattergood's concerts. \"I'm fine, go back to sleep son\" He suggested as his eyes narrowed to his window, Bodi just rolled his eyes as he walked to turn off the light then plopped back onto his bed and went fast asleep, resumed dreaming. \"Now, what're you doing here? He demanded. \"I came to confess my love for you\" He admitted. Khampa looked at him confused and sighed in relief as he looked down at him then put a hand out. Linnux took it and got up then hugged him, Khampa hugged back but when the elder Tibetan Mastiff pulled away, the boss wolf wasn't letting go but he did pull him close to his body. \"Linnux? He asked shocked. \"Come back with me to the city\" he whispered into his ear \" He licked his cheek followed by a light kiss and pulled away. \"Are you mad, this my home and I must protect it as long as I'm guarding it from scum like you\" He said getting up in his face. The wolf sighed \"I didn't want do this\" He said grinning. \"What're you about-\" He was cut off by a hug following by another kiss though as he was in process, he stuck a tranquilizer dart into the back on his neck. Khampa instantly felt real light-headed and fell on the wolf who caught him once he balanced \"You're heavy\" He said complaining about how much he weighs. He grabbed his arm and placed his around his neck. \"You made me do this\" He said quietly before picking him up with both arms and walked while stumbling to his car. As always, Riff was behind the wheel with his partner, Skozz next to him. \"Well, this is a waste of time\" Riff said looked at his love interest with a bored love on his face. \"What is? He asked looking back at him. \"We could be dining on those delicious sheep by now but out boss said that he's got in \"under control\" \"He quoted. Skozz just leaned and gave him a kiss to make him feel better \"Skozz, we can do kissy-kissy when we get back to our hideout\" He stated and sat back in the seat, waiting for his boss. In about 10 seconds, in the review-mirror, he saw Krampa thrown in the back seat \"Well, I got the target\" Linnux said getting in and closed the door. \"I thought we were going to eat some sheep\" Skozz said looking back. \"I explained this to you before; once Bodi finds out his dad's gone, we'll give him a call and tell him that we had him hostage, here's where it get's juicy\" he rubbing his hand together \" we bargain with him into giving us all of the sheep in exchange for his father. \"What if he refuses? Riff asked cutting in. \"If he refuses \" he grabbed Khampa and kissing his cheek\" his dad stays with me forever\" He said with his wicked laugh. Riff and Skozz join in his laugh as they turned back around and drove off to the hideout. This is spoiler-free cause we all basically know the moral of the movie already if you've heard of this, I got lucky and found it randomly. When I white for upcoming movies, I based them off what I read on the Wikipedia and watched the trailer, so there's no need to get all antsy. One more personal thing, I have a very special place in my heart for foreign males, Trey's accent is unknown but I bet he's Australian, let me know if I'm wrong.[Chapter 2] This is my second chapter of Rock Dog Pairings: Khampa/Linnux, Bodi/Trey, Riff/Skozz (Slash) Rated: K Riff was driving to the hide out\" we're almost here\" He said, looking at the road. \"perfect\" Linnux smiled while showing his teeth and looked at Khampa who was just waking up. \"Ohh, what happened\" He asked, looking around, but he was yet again, injected with the dart to the back which made him fall asleep in the boss wolf's lap. Linnux smiled and rubbed his cheek before sitting him next to him to which he dozed of on his shoulder \"So, you can't keep your paws off of me\" He laughed before patted his cheek before giving it a kiss, we're gonna have so much fun\" He placed a paw on his lap, clueing that he was falling in love with his enemy. Riff and Skozz rolled their eyes in annoyance as they came to a complete stop in the back Which was a dim alleyway. It was starting to rain and Linnux open the door \"Come on, give me a hand with him\" He said, lifted the head out and stepping out. Riff and Skozz got his legs \"What're we doing again, I lost track? Riff asked. \"I don't even know anymore, but we better get him inside before it rains\" His life partner answered\" The two stepped out of the car After some struggling, he managed to get him inside. \"Boss, can we take a break now? Riff asked. \"Take all the time you need, I got some plans of my own\" The two henchmen dropped the legs and gone to the fireplace to chat. Linnux was thinking aheard of the plan so he turned to see a chair and some strong blue rope. He smirked and dragged him by his collor. (0) After minutes went by, Khampa grunted as his opened his eyes and looked around then tried to get up, but discovered his hands and feet were tied up. \"What's going on here? He growled, but calm down. He thought that if he meditated for a bit that he would eventually slip through \"I am a snake\" He said to himself. Suddenly, he was rudely interrupted by steps behind him. \"Show yourself, fight me! He said in anger before he saw someone coming out of the darkness, it was his one and only nemesis. \"Linnux\" The wolf had his hands behind his back while approaching him with grinning smile. \"You finally awoken\" He said. \"Release me and I'll give you a warm welcome\" He struggled and growled in anger. \"Oh\" he walked around him \"I will, but you must do whatever I say\" He stopped in front of him and slightly sat on his legs. \"As if, when I get out of here\" He struggled more\" Linnux stopped him by holding his face in place. Khampa panted and the wolf could see that then figured out what he was doing before quickly getting off \"I have a certain question to ask you\" He turned his back to him. \"Who don't you love me? He turned his back to him. \"Are you crazy, falling for my own nemesis\" He got a chuckle out of that. \"that's a laugh. Linnux sighed in disappointment then snapped his fingers and his two henchmen came running. \"I have a job for you two, go to village and deliver the message to his son\" Who, Bodi? Skooz asked, scratching his head. \"Yes, do I have to repeat myself? He growled. \"What do you want us to do? Riff asked. \"That I got his father prisioner here and wanna make a trade\" He smiled evilly. Riff bowed to his boss before dragging the now fainted partner out the exit door. \"Heh, you really think you can blackmail my son? He asked with a raised eye-brow. \"If you don't cooperate, your village will be no more will be \" The wolf gave him a clue how he can stop his plan. \"I don't think so\" He growled again. \"Have it your way then\" Linnux turned to him and walked behind him. Khampa breathed in and out until he felt both hands on his shoulders. He started to growl and struggled more, but he ending on tipping over backwards. \"The wolf just went to sit in his chair \"the clock is ticking so you better make up your mind\" He was chewing on a cinnamon dog brisket. \"So what, you gonna keep me here? The dog struggled again. Linnux chuckled and got up from his chair then sat on his knees in front on Khampa's head. \"I'd hate to see you get hurt' He rubbed his right hand on his cheek, but he pulled away in an instant. \"Just remember, play nice and your village will stay peaceful\" He got up to his feet and left him there. Kampha tried to wiggle his way behind Linnux without being detected. Meanwhile, Bodi was still sleeping with his doll while he heard a rock being thrown at his upstairs window so he grunted awake and yawned \"Who could be here in the middle of the night\" He stretched and jumped out, walking sleepily to the window. He saw that it was Trey, his rebel boyfriend so he raised the window up. \"Trey, what're you doing here...if my dad catches you\" He paused and looked at the door then looked back. \"Don't sweat it, leopards are sneaky like wolves\" He winked at him. \"so, can I come inside or what? He scratched the back of his head. \"I don't want you to wake my dad up\" He whispered. \"I'll take my chances\" He said after scoffing, got out a grappling hook, aimed for the window and launched it. \"Who\" Bodi stepped aside as the hook latched on, he looked to see if his father heard it and he didn't. Anyway, Trey pulled himself up into Bodi's room. \"Nice place you got\" the leopard walked around. \"You can look around in the morning\" He yawned and gone back to bed. Trey was checking himself out in the mirror until he caught his lover sleeping so he figured he'd get in bed with him, but he didn't go to sleep, he just laid on his back to look at the ceiling with his arms behind his head. This is rather mature of me cause this is K rated and I'm trying my hardest to not put any graphic adult content in, but I'll just keep it average. there is a force d romance between Liinnux in getting Kampa to fall for him, that's it. I'll make more of this when I can and add some sexual comedy if that's even a thing (giggle)[Chapter 3] This is my third chapter of Rock Dog Pairings: Khampa/Linnux, Bodi/Trey, Riff/Skozz (Slash) Rated: K Linnux was thinking of a plan for his possible lover/main enemy \"If I confess my love for him\" The wolf rubbed his head and scratched that off. Khampa saw the keys on the other side of his waist so his eyes locked while turning on his spy mode. He reached out a hand to get it so he extended his head which was close stomosh. The wolf rubbed two fingers on his head \"why is this so hard? He asked himself. Khampa did remember what his enemy said and can tell that he wasn't bluffing either and there was only one way that he get out of this. \"You got a choice to make, save my son and become Linnex's lackey\" It wasn't really a choice to make regardless, but it's what he must do to save his village. He took a sigh. \"I'm so gonna regret this\" He said when he gave his son that ticket to ride the train, but proved him wrong. He took another sigh cause Linnux doesn't have a motive or dose he? He looked up at the mafia wolf and got into his mind, he saw no amount of what he wanted most in life until the wolf looked down at him. Khampa smiled nervously. \"Wow\" he turned around and laughed before cupping the dog's chin in his hand \"you're gonna be a problem for me' He said, thinking about how he moved so silently. \"My son had already beaten you once and he can do it again' He grinded his teeth. Ohhh, have you forgotton that I sent two of my henchwolves after him\" Linnux grinned back. That was it for him, defeated for the second time so he breathed \"Don't worry\" He lifted his head up to his eyes \"nothing bad will happen...if you cooperate. He said before snickering and pushed him down thus landing him on the ground. \"I'll figure out a way to stop you\" He said with anger. \"Keep it up\" He got up and walked to his body \"you're wasting your time\" he evil laughed with his hands on his hips then Khampa pushed himself, causing one of the front legs on the chair to trip him over. Linnux fell on top of him \"Nice reflex' He laughed \"Well, what're you gonna do now? He asked. The Tibetan Mastiff grabbed his suit and they rolled over with his aggression. \"If you harm my son again\" He growled. \"That's it, acting strong when you're really weak\" He spoke with reason \"you surrendered yourself so willingly until Bodi came along and you're all alone\" Khampa was burning with fire for him to speak of how weak he is. \"I'm gonna prove you wrong' He got close to him face \"how I'm not weak\" He whispered in his ear. \"I'm waiting to see what you're capable of\" He said, but a silence from him unresponsive so Linnux grabbed both of his cheek cause he was getting impatient. \"why won't you show me? The wolf was in tears on the side of his eyelids until Khampa pushed his face into his thus smacking his lips with him. It lasted for two seconds before the dog pulled away and looked at Linnux panting while he was huffing \"You see, I'm not weak\" He said, under his breath. 'Impressive\" It all he had to say before he mentioned that his back was hurting so Khampa rolled on his side then he rolled with him. \"Thanks\" The wolf smiled at him. This was his chance to take advantage now \"Maybe if I keep on doing this then I can escape\" He thought. He couldn't just be attracted to him, he gotta find something out about him. It lasted for two seconds before the dog pulled away and looked at Linnux panting while he was huffing \"You see, I'm not weak\" He said, under his breath. 'Impressive\" It all he had to say before he mentioned that his back was hurting so Khampa rolled on his side then he rolled with him. \"Thanks\" The wolf smiled at him. This was his chance to take advantage now \"Maybe if I keep on doing this then I can escape\" He thought. He couldn't just be attracted to him, he gotta find something out about him. \"If only if you cooperate\" That sentence echoed in his head and will do anything for protect his village and son. \"Stop those two wolves from going near my son? He demanded. \"Heh\" The wolf got up from the floor and pulled Khampa up by the robe \"I'll make the call\" He thought of what he wanted from him \"if you agree to be my boyfriend. \"What!?\" Khampa was surprised that his most evil enemy is fairly attracted to him. The dog didn't really have a choice, but maybe he could try to get in tough with his feminine side and this is the prefect way to practice. \"I knew you would deny my offer\" He turned his back in disappointment to him so he cannot see his heart breaking. Khampa released his chakra and thruster himself to charm the wolf \"Fine...I'm become your boyfriend\" He said with pausing in the middle of the sentence. \"So, you made your choice? He turned around and with a grinning smile. \"Not yet, I having only two conditions' He stopped the wolf from getting excited. \"What is it? he crossed his arms \"you want me to stop my henchwolves and make a vow to never go after him again, right? He predicted. \"That's the deal\" He said. \"Fine, but you stay with me\" He evilly smiled. Khampa agreed willingly like he had a plan which he did. The wolf walked to him to untie his hands. Once he felt his hands were loose, he thanked him and hugged him \"Ohh you're quite welcome Khamp\" Linnux issued a nickname for him and the dog got up. Tables have turned where Khampa made his boyfriend back faced the chair. He pushed him down and got on his legs then rested his head on his shoulder \"Mind if I hold you a while longer? He asked, seductively. \"Take all the time you need\" He approved. 'You got to closed you're eyes first for a big surprise\" Khampa pulled away for a minute. Linnux's eyes were closed and Khampa continued to butter him up. The wolf felt him tackle with his neck and his kissed his cheek. He moaned as he found enjoyment in this \"Wow\" He mouthed until he heard his hand being tied up which opened his eyes \"What, what're you doing/ He asked. \"He tightened the rope then slowly pulled away. \" I make a vow to protect my village and my son from the likes of you wolves. Linnux growled and tried to bite him, but the dog got up and pushed him over on his back. He ran to the door 'Please, don't leave me cause the deal ifs off if you do\" He looked at his eyes and had a moment, but not to long before going out and slamming the door. Linnux was furious though sad about him leaving cause he had finally found satisfaction so why eat sheep when you have the leader of the flock. \"I'm coming, my son\" Khampa looked up at the night moon and ran across puddles of water. This was a long stretch to make in the fact that Khampa took advantage of Linnux by him crushing on him, not much to get out of this, but I was thinking to go with a scene from the The Little Mermaid where Ariel sighed the contract, that could still work though I would have to go at a different approach. got any other ideas in mind you'd like to share, creditability is my dedication to my fanz for being loyal ","Summary":" This is my first fic of the upcoming movie \"Rock Dog\". Description: The film is coming in Februar"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Honest Trailers: The NeverEnding Story III: Escape From Fantasia","Author":"Legatum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12985419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Following Trailer is Rated NM For No Mercy! From the nation the produced the NeverEnding Story… and virtually no other movie worth mentioning, comes one of the notorious movie Threequels that ruined such notables as Jaws, Superman, Blade, Alien, Darkman, and the X-Men. The NeverEnding Story III: Escape From Fantasia! You loved the original that became a timeless classic, you loved the sequel a lot less, now prepare for a steaming torpedo of shit that succeeded in blowing one of the most beloved franchises of its generation out of the water. After using up all the original source material on the first two movies, observe one of the most desperate storylines in cinema history. After saving Fantasia twice from the forces of evil, Bastian, defender of imagination and and destroyer of Gods, must face off against the Nasty, a cliché gang of High School bullies that make Condiment King look like the Lex Luthor. When these cardboard cutouts from every High school move ever made steal the NeverEnding Story, Bastian must take it back and come to grips with the fact that his character has hit rock bottom. Suspend your disbelief to its absolute limits as you watch all the insane changes to your beloved Fantasia that nobody wanted, including: Replacing the original theme song at the end with, \"Born To Be Wild\" by Steppenwolf. A lobotomized Falkor, the baby Rockbiter watching TV, IN FANTASIA! Voicing the female Rockbiter with a Welsh puppet designer, the male Rockbiter singing rock music, and the Rockbiter family riding bicycles. If you haven't noticed, the Rockbiters are really f***ed up in this film. So crack open the chloroform for a cheap-ass cash grab that failed to make any money, but did succeed in achieving the first major objective of most sequels from the 80s and 90s; pissing everyone right the hell off. Starring: Balthazar Bratt- Bastian The ChildBrained Empress- The Childlike Empress Puff The Magic Dragon- Falkor Stoned Off His Ass- Rockbiter R.I.P- The NeverEnding Story Theme Song The NeverEnding Story III: Fantasia is F***ed! Thank God they stopped after this one. The way things were going, the villain for the next movie probably would have been Mary Poppins. ","Summary":" The Following Trailer is Rated NM For No Mercy! From the nation the produced the NeverEnding Story…"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"La Historia Sin Fin","Author":"PaulinaAlexandra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10403957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Luego de que Sebastian le da un nombre a fantasía… En la oscuridad se encuentra la emperatriz con sebastian, ella le muestra el grano de arena que queda luego de la devastación. Sebastian: ¿Qué es eso? La emperatriz: Lo que queda de fantasía Sebastian: ¿Cómo podemos recuperar fantasía? La emperatriz: ¿Cómo quieres que se recupere fantasía?, esta es tu historia, tú decides como recuperarla. Sebastian: Fantasía se debe alimentar de las historias que las personas crean. De historias y cuentos que soñamos y que hagan partícipes a otros personajes como actores principales. La luz vuelve al lugar donde se encuentra La emperatriz con Sebastian, la torre de marfil vuelve a brillar… aparece caminando a lo lejos atreyu con mirada desconcertada… Sebastian: Atreyu, tienes que darle vida nuevamente a fantasía. Atreyu: ¿Cómo? Sebastian: Sueña historias que nos transporten y nos hagan sentir que somos partícipes de aquellas. (Primer plano de la cara de Atreyu donde comienza a soñar con cómo salvar a Artax del pantano de la tristeza) (Luego la música típica del fin de la historia sigue sonando) Narrador: pero bueno eso es otra historia… de la historia sin fin… ","Summary":" Luego de que Sebastian le da un nombre a fantasía… En la oscuridad se encuentra la emperatriz con s"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Darkness and Love","Author":"fabulousfriends","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11293962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There's a cold dark corner in the back of my room, it speaks to me and says I'm coming for you. As I lie on my bed in the fetal position, my eyes are closed hoping and wishing. Maybe that one day my dreams will come true, that I don't have to be here so down and blue. The corner keeps talking about how I'm going to die, all I can do is lie there and cry. As the corner gets closer and takes me in, my soul starts to burn as so does my skin. My bones shall lie there turning to dust, my bed surrounding nothing but rust. Darkness and war. Two words that describe the once bright and peaceful land that was Fantasia. Men, woman and children had all felt the wrath of the new threat that had been trying so hard to take over the land of Fantasia. The Darkness was slowly but surly covering Fantasia with its evil talons of sorrow and despair. Hate had become stronger than love and friendship was becoming nothing but a myth. Though the myth was only that a myth. Most parts of Fantasia had yet to be affected by the Darkness only the smallest corners of Fantasia had been drowned in sorrow and despair and the rest was left unchanged but everyone knew that was only temporary. One person unaffected by the Darkness was 16 year old Atreyu of the plains people. In fact no one from his tribe had been affected...but other tribes had not been so lucky. One of these tribes were the people of the forest, they had been attacked by creatures that had been taken over by the darkness and only 2 people had come out alive. The tribe leader Asta and a 16 year old girl Yanaha. The plains people and the forest people had many centuries ago formed a treaty stating that if one tribe was in need of help the other would gladly help them in anyway possible and every month for as long as needed people from the forest would go to the pains and vies versa. The day the 2 had arrived at the plains, had caused panic amongst the people but they were quick to help their friends. Atreyu had come to help and upon seeing his friend Yanaha helped her off of her horse Aztec and into his tent where he could tend to her wounds. Atreyu and Yanaha had been friends since Yanaha had come to visit for the first time at the age of 5 and now both of them being 16 their friendship had only grown though it was nothing more than that...friendship. Atreyu took to cleaning a deep flesh wound on Yanaha's arm 'probably from battle' he thought. He took a cloth and put it over her wound. Yanaha tensed but said nothing. Atreyu stopped for a moment so Yanaha could get used to the yet cloth on her arm before continuing in his work. \"It'll need stitches\" he said taking the cloth away and pulling out a needle and thread. \"Can I?\" Atreyu asked pointing to her arm. Yanaha said nothing only nodded. Arteyu started to thread the needle through her skin, stiching the split skin back together she didn't even flinch, it was like she was brain dead. \"I'm not the best at stitches, but, it will do\" He told her, letting go of her arm \"Yanaha?\" Atreyu asked trying to get her to speak. Though like before she said not a word. Atreyu sighed and took up the wet cloth again to clean her face. She had gained a few scrapes and bruises, some of the blood on her face didn't even come from a wound it was just there but other than that she seemed fine...minus the deep flesh wound on her arm. \"Yanaha will you at least talk to me?\" He asked to no reply. He sighed and stood from his position on the floor and walked towards the door, if she didn't want to talk he wasn't going to push her. He turned and faced her again though she wasn't looking at him she was looking to the floor like she had been the entire time. He sighed again \"You should get some sleep\" he said walking out of the tent and heading off towards the horses. It had grown dark and everyone was retiring to bed so Atreyu had to make sure the horses were safe and put them to bed as well. \"Hello Aztec\" he said once he had found the black mare. \"what happened huh?\" He asked stroking her neck. \"Must have been something pretty bad for Yanaha not to say anything.\" He looked the mare over finding some cuts on her legs. \"Looks like you got hurt to\" he said running his hand over her front legs to make sure nothing was severely damaged and then taking her to a round pen tied her up for the night and headed over to Atrax. \"He boy\" he said. \"It's been a long day\" he took Artax over to the round pen where Aztec was tied. \"You two can sleep here tonight\" he then left walking back over to the tents and finding his. He was about to walk back inside when he heard something. It was quiet so he couldn't make out the sound at first but he listened for a bit longer and he had a pretty good idea of what was happening. He opened the tent flap and his suspicions were confirmed. Yanaha was sitting on the bed her knees tucked up under her chin and her arms wrapped around them sobbing, her shoulder black hair falling over her face hiding her eyes. Though he could still see the tears that had begun to fall. \"Yanaha\" he sighed walking over to her and sitting beside her. The moment he sat down she threw her arms around him and wept into his shoulder. Atreyu wrapped his own arms around her whispering comforting words before silently saying \"Tell me everything\" (Dream) The light had begun to dim in the forest and the people were preparing food. The younger children were running around and the elders were sitting around a fire chanting words no one would understand except for those who belonged to the tribe. Yanaha was sitting up in a tree carving a piece of wood into a small wooden bird with her dagger. Humming a little tune she carved little patterns into the little bird. The soft humming soon turned into words. \"The world seems not the same Though I know nothing has changed It's all my state of mind I can't leave it all behind I have to stand up to be stronger\" she sighed and leaned her head against the tree. \"Yanaha!\" Her mother called from below. \"Come down from there it's time for something to eat.\" She walked away towards the fire where everyone had begun to gather around to collect their share of food. Yanaha sighed again. She wasn't really hungry but she knew she had to eat something and so she began to climb down the tree towards the ground. She put her dagger back in her little wooden box she kept to store her things in but she held onto the bird putting it onto her pocket. Though she was wearing a knee lean gut dress made out a soft kind of leather she had made pockets for her to hold small things in, like the small wooden bird or maybe a small stone. She reached the ground but the moment her feet hit the ground everything darkened. Yanaha froze when she heard a scream. She turned and there they were: the people of the darkness had arrived. Their skin was grey and falling away from their bodies, their eyes dark with no emotion their fingers had turned to claws and their teeth had become pointy like a dogs and their faces even resembled a dogs snout. Everything seemed to go in slow motion. Her people were being slaughtered and they were turning into monsters of the dark. Yanaha stood frozen...In fact she couldn't move at all she was frozen in place forced to watch the events unfold in front of her. One of the monsters were coming straight for her but she couldn't do anything to stop it as it got ready to strike raising its claws Yanaha closed her eyes and then...nothing. Yanaha opened her eyes and they widened at what she saw. Her mother was in front of her and she took the blow blood spraying everywhere as the monsters claws made contact. Red liquid splashed onto Yanaha's face as he watched in horror as her mother fell to the ground and she wasn't moving. Then all of a sudden Yanaha could move again. \"MUM NO!\" She screamed running to her side. \"No no no no no no no this can't be happening!\" She cried. \"Y-Yanaha...\" Her mother wheezed \"run...\" And then her skin turned to that flakey grey and her face morphed into dog like features. Yanaha was pulled away from her mother by a strong pair of hands. \"Yanaha we have to leave...NOW!\" It was Asta the tribe leader. \"B-but...\" \"No buts lets go!\" Yanaha followed Asta to the horses but then something grabbed her arm causing her to scream. She turned to see her used to be mother clutching her arm with her long claws causing blood to pour down her arm from a deep wound it had created, but the beast was also smiling. \"Mum?\" Yanaha asked. \"Is that you?\" She started to move closer but the monster then opened her mouth and a horrible screaming noise came out. (End dream) Yanaha awoke screaming cold sweat covering her shaking body. Yanaha closed her eyes and tears began to fall. \"P-please leave me alone\" she pleaded rocking back and forth trying to calm herself down. \"Yanaha!\" She looked up to see Atreyu enter the tent. \"I heard you scream are you Okay?\" \"N-no\" she answered. Atreyu moved to sit beside her. \"Was it another nightmare?\" He asked. Yanaha nodded. She had had the nightmare every night since the incident and every time it only got worse. \"W-why did it have to be her?\" Yanaha asked referring to her mother. Atreyu put an arm around her in a way to comfort her. \"I don't know Yanaha I don't know.\" It had now been a week since Asta and Yanaha had arrived and things had begun to go back to the way they used to be. Though it didn't appear that things were going to be that way for long. A week and a day after the arrival a message came from the Ivory Tower. It came in the form of a crystal and when it arrived it started to glow and the voice of moon child the childlike Empress came out. \"Hello my dear friends.\" It said drawing the tribe to the crystal floating in mid air. \"You have helped us in the past and for that I am forever grateful.\" Everyone turned to look at Atreyu who had looked down to the ground a slight blush appearing on his face, and then turning back to the crystal as the Empresses voice continued. \"I wish for Atreyu to return to the Ivory Tower for we are in need of him again, so if you would please let him once again join us I thank you...\" The crystal stopped glowing and disappeared completely. Everyone turned back to Atreyu who was now walking away from the group towards the horses. Yanaha chased after him. \"Atreyu wait!\" She called. \"What is It?\" He asked turning to face her. \"Your leaving? So soon\" \"Well yes of course if the Empress wants me then I need to leave as soon as possible\" \"When will you return?\" \"That I am not sure of I'm not sure if I will ever return but if and when I do I will be back as soon as possible I promise.\" He then moved to hug her and she hugged back. \"I promise.\" He said again. \"Okay...\" Yanaha said her eyes then widened. \"What?\" Atreyu asked. \"Wait here!\" Yanaha said running off. Atreyu smiled. She had turned back into her old self in the past week and it made him happy to see her so full of joy again. \"I'm back!\" Yanaha's said pulling Atreyu back to reality. \"Here.\" She said handing him a small package she held in her hands. \"What's this?\" He asked. \"Just some biscuits...I made them yesterday...\" \"Well thank you Yanaha.\" Atreyu said taking them from her. \"I made enough for everyone...you and the Empress...um...\" She looked down and blushed. Atreyu though she looked cute like that but he quickly dismissed the thought. \"Are you going to be okay?\" He asked getting atop of Artax. Yanaha looked up. \"Oh um...yes I think so...\" \"Don't worry everything will turn out fine.\" \"If you say so.\" She said giving him a small smile. \"Now like you said you have to go!\" Atreyu chuckled and reached down to ruffle her hair making her laugh. \"Then I will see you when I return goodbye.\" That was the last thing said as he rode off leaving the tribe behind. Yanaha stood were he left her waving goodbye. As Atreyu rode off towards the Ivory Tower (a two day trip) he couldn't help but wonder why the Empress wanted him back at the Ivory tower for the last time he was asked to go there he was sent on a quest to save Fantasia and he had almost been killed on several occasions. And then another thought hit him. What if Bastian had returned? Atreyu felt a mixed feeling of happiness and fear overwhelm him. Atreyu and Bastian were great friends but...he didn't want to think about it. Well he wouldn't know until he arrived but deep in his heart he truly wished that the saviour had returned. ","Summary":" There's a cold dark corner in the back of my room, it speaks to me and says I'm coming for you. As "},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"A Neverendinglike Story","Author":"Bolt Greywing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12593057","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Neverendinglike Story by Bolt Greywing Stormy Night It was a dark and stormy night as lightning flashed across the treetops of the Waldemar Forest. A very foolish and unwise bat decided that tonight would be the perfect night to go out flying. As he flew rain began to beat against his wings while he was out searching for food. The rain started to get much worse but the dopey bat was able to down at least two or three moths before his wings became effectively waterlogged. He decided to continue his search but thirty minutes later the wind blew so hard that his wings were pinned to his body. The bat valiantly fought against the pouring rain and harsh wind but it was no use. The bat was forced to make a crash landing into the trees below. He rolled and flipped a couple of times before coming to an end on a waiting tree branch. The dazed bat didn't have any time to recover when a large branch came crashing down right on top of him. Sometime later after the storm had died down a small and lowly carpenter set to work on one of the forest trees. With his back full of gear he proceeded to climb the tree inching his way up the thick tree bark. Once he climbed up to one of the large branches he pulled out his sturdy ax and began to hack at it. It was quite sturdy and would make for good lumber material. However wood cutting is a very dangerous business and one can never be too careful. He had many memories of some of his own friends who fell to their death from a tree branch such as this which is why he strapped himself to the tree just in case. After getting the bark a bit started with the ax he then proceeded to saw the branch but as he did so he took the time to gaze out at the moonlit night. He always liked this time of night everything felt so magical even the lunar moth glow was a site to behold, lighting up the area wherever it went. He continued to saw until the branch gave way and yelled out timber just so he wouldn't hurt anyone if the branch came an animals way so it had to move. This piece of wood would make for many fine toys to sell the carpenter chuckled feeling rather proud to make toys for the children as long as it didn't hurt his pockets too much. The money he would make off of this little venture would provide his wife with a pretty good income. He chuckled to himself. Yet it was far too much for him to carry in its current form and would need to be whittled down a bit. He then decided to shimmy on down to the forest floor where the wood was. The noise of the fallen branch was enough to stir the bat. The bat looked around curiously wondering where the sound was coming from till it was replaced by an even different sound. It cocked its head to the side for it was quite unsure where all these loud noises were coming from. It decided to try heading on downwards to investigate. As it tried to move its massive wings it felt a sharp pain sink in. It was not even able to move at all. The bat looked down and noticed that its wing was caught under a large branch. Not only that but the branch also obscured him from view. No one would be able to find him. Any other bat would have found it easy to wiggle out from this predicament but not this one. Instead the silly bat began to squeak so loudly that he could he could be heard from miles away. The woodcutter turned his head as he tried to make sense of the noise he was hearing. As soon as he did it suddenly stopped for quite a while so he assumed whatever was there had flown off. He then back to his work on the log sheering away a bit of the wood here and there trying to make some toys out of it. Then it started all over again with the squeaking again this time it was even louder than before. With a grumble and a huff the woodcutter packed up all his tools for he knew that only one bat in that entire colony could ever conjure up such a din. \"Blast that stupid bat! He is likely to get himself killed that little scamp! Oi with that racket he has probably woken up every last snake in this vast forest!\" The woodcutter spoke knowing that he'd have to save him yet again. He then went off very quickly to search for the noise. Several snakes stirred from their pleasant slumber from the sound of a creature calling out for help. This was too good of a chance to miss out on a free meal like that. The snakes thought to themselves. The sound of the noise was like a dinner going off quite loudly. Stupid bats were quite a rarity to find as most tended to be more quiet making the process of capturing them harder. A single bat or two could last a snake two weeks to a month at best. Now it would be a race to see who gets to snag this most important meal. The woodcutter after much searching finally located the tree where the sound was coming from and began to climb it. He would have some harsh words for that bat later after he was safe. He took his time going through the many limbs till he finally reached the bat's branch. At first he didn't see the bat but the noise coming from the fallen branch on his left gave him a good idea where the bat was. It would have been almost comical of a site to see if it wasn't as serious as the woodcutter thought. He needed to get this bat out of here quickly as he frantically searched for the appropriate tools in his bag. The bat couldn't see the woodcutter but heard the sound of him moving about with his large ears. He was quite curious about this small creature compared to others of his colony. The bat's own curiosity and his strangeness made other bats question whether he fell on his head at birth since he had almost no sense for danger. He could feel the branches thorns sticking directly into his wings some of which were drawing blood. The bat felt the intense pain from this branch and began to wiggle about trying to get into a more comfortable position but the branch on top of him was not helping things. As he turned his head he saw small parts of the branch fall off but it was not going as quickly as he wanted it to happen. \"Quit your wiggling you stupid bat! I can't get this branch off you if your moving around so much. Now sit still!\" The woodcutter shouted as if trying to calm an over zealous child. The bat's ears drooped at the loud scolding he received from the woodcutter as it reminded him of the many times he was shouted at by members of his own colony. Whenever he tried to do something nice for them, it often got messed up though most of the time it was not his fault. He got blamed for pretty much everything and was forced to spend most nights indoors while the other were out. This was the first time he snuck out in a long time without the others notice as he was a bit tired of being cooped up in the tree with little to do. He wanted to go out exploring but the others had said no to him since he was still grounded from before. The woodcutter trimmed and cut the branch part after part. Nearly 25% of the work was already done. He moved over to the opposite side to to trim that part as well. The bat continued to wriggle, but a lot less than before. \"Do not give me that pouty bat face it is not going to work on me you stupid bat, so quit your belly aching.\" The woodcutter said. The bat broke down into tears at the harsh words. He let out a long wail for it seemed like no one really liked having him around. \"Oh for peat sakes stop that infernal din can't you see I am trying to work here.\" The woodcutter sighed. The bat quieted down for a bit, but looked like he was waiting for something. \"Okay what do you want now?\" The woodcutter asked. The bat attempted to point with his good wing to himself and then to the woodcutter. The meaning was a bit vague for the woodcutter to understand, but he gave it his best shot. \"I am guessing your trying to indicate friend.\" The woodcutter spoke while he tore off more of the branch. The bat nodded his head to indicate he understood. \"If I became your friend will you please be quiet for a bit?\" The woodcutter asked. The bat nodded once more. \"Fine I will be your friend.\" The woodcutter replied. The bat gave the small woodcutter a big lick as a way to show his appreciation. \"Now cut that out. Yuck. If there is one thing I can't stand its bat drool.\" The woodcutter grumbled as he tried to get the gunk off of him. At long last the bat was finally free of the branch that he was under for the last 30 minutes. However when the branch was finally removed it left large gaping holes in the wing structure. The bat walked around here and there while he tested out his wings to see if they were okay. After a while he finally settled himself down on one spot and began to clean himself unaware of the hidden danger that lurked within the tree branches. A large snake hidden away secretly was watching the two with its glowing orange eyes. \"Bat now is not the time to be giving yourself a bath. We can't stay here.\" The woodcutter warned. The bat ignored the woodcutter's warning and continued to get himself clean. The serpent began to slither closer towards the bat. The woodcutter turned around and saw something out of the corner of his eye and whistled. \"Bat there is a snake behind you. We need to fly now!\" The bat cocked its head and turned its whole body around. The bat glanced at the snake just briefly before returning back to his cleaning. The snake was now well within striking distance. It unhinged its jaw to snap up its unsuspecting prey. \"Oh you stupid bat!\" The woodcutter shouted realizing the bat was not going to listen to reason. The woodcutter pulled out his knife from his bag and plunged it with all his might directly into the bat's sensitive tail. (Author's notes: This story will have many more chapters and adventures ahead. So expect more to come soon. This part felt like a good place to end the chapter. So guys I hope you enjoy reading about this wonderful story.) ","Summary":" Neverendinglike Story by Bolt Greywing Stormy Night It was a dark and stormy night as lightning fla"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Time of War","Author":"Chaos Dragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3877025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Time of War It seemed that no matter how long Bastian was there, he would never get used to the desert. It was a hot, arid landscape of sand, sparse weeds and unforgiving sun. Sometimes in the distance he would see Bedouins and other desert farers, the former leading horses or riding them, the latter falling to camels. They came, they went, and still Bastian stayed. It was his post, mortars and forgotten things cluttering the small base. His unit had moved in and taken possession of it months before; the abandoned city in the sand was a perfect base for operations. His superior officers could radio orders, there was nothing to impede with their satellite driven communications. Air drops every so often supplied them with necessaries: replacements for weapons ruined beyond repair during missions, ammunition and other weapons as needed. Sometimes they would even get lucky and there would be something that had nothing to do with the war. A radio, music, old books that had seen better decades but were better than watching the sand shifting and the sun playing tricks on the eyes. The last drop had happened two days ago and Bastian couldn't help but look forward to the simple pleasure that a half inflated basketball would bring. It was war and they all needed a break. It would be a welcome distraction to take away the faces of the dead, make the endless sand seem a little less red with the blood that never seemed to leave their hands. His team had been out for nineteen hours—two hours longer than they should have been. Another recon mission gone wrong; another sneak attack when the heat of the day left the sand in the darkest hours before dawn. Terrorists or no, they were well equipped and there was no avoiding the way the body heat screamed out from the cooling sand to their technology. Eight men dead, none of them his team. There was one wound and at that it was only a burn. Hodges had saved his life and most likely several others when he grabbed the barrel of an enemy's AK-47 barehanded and forced it down. God, he hated this. Morning, again, as they picked their way back to base across the sands with care. It was dangerous, shifting and moving like a living thing. There had only been one casualty because of the sand, but they'd learned it since that night as well as any of the people of the desert. He imagined that if he ever went home, back to the State and the city and the life of someone who is not a murderer, a killer without conscience, he would still have the gliding shuffle to his feet that he used now to walk atop the cool grains beneath his feet. Cool now, the sun was rising and they would be burning hot before too long. Well before that they would be in the dubious shelter of their concrete sanctuary. With any luck they would all be foolishly sweating precious water as they tried to play basketball without giving in to the heat. One hundred and twelve degrees was not easy weather to play anything in; they might be wiser to stick to the shadows and play with the cards. Break down their rifles and clean them again, remove any traces of sand that relentlessly found their way back in within minutes. A hundred yards, fifty, ten more and the sand became hard and concrete beneath his boots. He didn't look back for his team, only counted the boot strikes beneath foot to know that all were accounted for. Simons would turn left in two more paces to the communications center to radio the recon back, the death count, the mission report. The expected veering came and went, and in four more he listened as Tyler went right to take what ammunition was left back to the munitions point set up. Five more and Bastian stopped, his M-4 now slung across one shoulder so that he could lift his hands and pull the Kevlar helmet off and scrub his hand through short, sand crusted brown hair. \"Get cleaned up, next mission is tomorrow at zero-seven-hundred hours,\" he said with a soft voice. \"Dismissed.\" \"Sir?\" Benjamin's voice was soft but awake. The four hours he'd forced them to take had been beneficial, they would all be able to do some sort of relaxing this morning before giving in to the exhaustion that inevitably followed every mission. \"We're getting a game together. Paulin's even got something rigged as baskets. Did…Did you still want to play?\" Bastian considered it for a second; his level of tired and the desire to do something so completely out of context in the middle of this war. He nodded. \"I'll play. When?\" \"In an hour.\" Benjamin was smiling; he was young enough, new enough, to still take pleasure in the positive attentions of a superior officer. He schooled his thoughts to blankness before turning and heading towards the tiny bunker that served as his barracks. While not the ranking officer in the camp, he was entitled to the privacy it afforded to him as the second in command. Bastian had certainly protested the field promotion when it had been given, but he'd long since stopped trying to change it. He had the experience, if not the years, and more successful missions than anyone else in his Special Forces team. Boots were untied and turned upside down on two metal rods he'd painstakingly pounded into cracks in the foundations. Vipers and scorpions would find no purchase to climb and give him a nasty surprise the next time he tugged them on. His camouflage over-shirt was dropped next to the arch that led to the makeshift bathroom he'd created, socks following as he undid the belt to his pants with a sigh. A glimpse of the mirror showed him that he didn't look as weary as he felt, and certainly wouldn't drop from exhaustion in the near future. The brown standard issue shirt was next, tossed after over-shirt and socks and the mirror caught his eyes again. Blood on his hands, some on his face, dried flecks of it amidst the stubble that he needed to remove. His was a lean frame, wiry muscle and sinew over bone. It only chose to emphasize the only other blemish on otherwise empty skin. The Auryn symbol etched into the flesh above his heart. It hurt something inside him to see it—no matter that his eyes wandered to it every single time he saw himself in the rickety mirror, it still broke a piece of him that he understood would never heal. So many people had asked him about it over the years, even his own father in the time before his death. He'd lied with each and every answer. His father had assumed that it was a tattoo, and Bastian had latched on to that explanation with a fervor that belied his calm and slightly nervous exterior the first time the question had been posed. Everyone accepted it with an ease that made him wonder at their lack of imagination, but then, he understood now, people accepted the read and easily understood answers. Once grown the imagination grew stagnant and stale and it was easiest to accept rather than question. Even now in this command, his SF team always assumed and never asked if it was a tattoo. He'd had the odd few examine as closely as Bastian would allow; each and every one of them had been amazed at the detail, the immaculate lines and color. The metallic sheen to the scales of Auryn, the way it seemed very nearly alive . But then, Bastian knew the truth, and had since the morning he woke up after leaving Fantasia when he was on the cusp of the end of his childhood, fresh from the defeat of Xayida. It was the Auryn symbol because it was Auryn. It was his link to Fantasia and every memory of his childhood, of Atreyu and Falcor and every single being he'd known there. It was the symbol of his link to the Childlike Empress, to the realms of his imagination that somehow hadn't died when he'd reached manhood. Even as he thought it Auryn stirred on his breast, a faint movement that felt like fingers tracing themselves around his serpentine heads as they lifted from his flesh to stare at him in the mirror. Auryn's eyes, all four of them, flashed red for a moment, a tongue slipping out to taste the air from one head while the other tilted quizzically at him. It had been a long time since he'd truly thought of Fantasia, and Auryn knew it even as Bastian shook his head no to the unasked question. Will you go there with me? No, he would not go. He didn't belong there. Not him, not now, not anymore. Maybe he had once, but that was years ago and too many sacrifices since. Bastian looked at his hands, eyes blurring for a moment as the potent imagination left to him imagined them painted with blood—red and fresh from every person he'd killed. Only twenty-three and already skilled in the ruthless art of death. The very reason he refused to step foot back into Fantasia; how could he poison it with the person he had become? It was an almost bitter laugh that broke across his lips at that thought. With the person he had become, indeed. If that were entirely true then he would have been back to visit, he wouldn't have stayed away for six years. He would have at least told her why he could no longer visit, be the hero, the savior that they all hailed him as. Be the Guardian that Atreyu had explained to him that he was. Still was, no matter that most Guardians forgot what they where and whom they guarded well before their sixteenth birthdays. He was the only one who had made it to that cusp; no one had ever heard of a Guardian remaining into adulthood. And yet, Bastian had. In all of the research he'd done he'd never found an explanation for it. Nor had Atreyu, or Falkor, or the Empress' Advisors and Wise Men. They'd all been blind to it for years before Bastian had realized exactly what it was, why he , of all the Guardians of Fantasia there had ever been, could remember. It was her. If none of them had made the connection, Bastian couldn't blame them. It was… unusual at best. Perhaps sacrilegious to the way Fantasian society functioned at worse. He himself hadn't realized it until well into his sixteenth year and in the middle of a visit that he brought to a screaming halt once he realized what had been done, what had happened to allow him to remain Guardian. The mirror in front of Bastian's face rippled for a moment, its imperfect surface moving like water to make him think of the midnight dark waves of the Acid Sea. The picture cleared and he had to blink several times to see it clearly. Afternoon Court in the Childlike Empress' palace, he saw, and unwanted his eyes searched through the bright colors, the sheer silk, the smooth satin, the exquisite pattering of velvets, brocades. Searching, he knew and did not stop, for the one sparkling diamond amidst the flurry of color. She was there, somewhere. Not amongst the petitioners, nowhere near the council and advisors. The dais was empty as well. She wasn't there, and Bastian's heart stilled in his chest for a moment. Odd, he thought, that after all this time he would still want to see her so desperately. He almost didn't realize it was her when he finally did see her. The recognition only came from the crowded masses as they pulled back to let her through. The path was set to the dais and Bastian was grateful because he couldn't see her as she was, surrounded by people and with her back to him. She was gowned in white with her dark hair spilled down the back in dark curls. A tiara graced the top of her head. Even from the angle he could see her hands, pale and fragile and delicate—he could almost hate himself for the hungry way he watched her. His hand moved again without him realizing it until he was barely brushing the silvered surface, his fingers trailing across the image of her. \"I named you once,\" he breathed out, eyes dark and focused on her. Bastian breathed in once as he watched her a moment more, then her head turned and she stopped still where she was. Ice seemed to grow from within him as he realized that this mirror, this conduit, had tuned him to her and she had heard. He pulled back even as Auryn slithered more of his body from Bastian's flesh, unwilling for her to see him, to know that he'd been watching her. Again. Better that she think he was like all the rest and that Auryn was only waiting for a new Guardian to arise. She was beautiful, he saw; night dark eyes searching, set into skin as pale as porcelain. Her hair was almost wild around her face, curls streaking across it to make shadow dark lines against her pale skin, her eyes were wide, and her lips parted in surprise. He watched as she spoke, her lips moving, curving around his name. Whether it was quietly said or not Bastian couldn't say, but he broke the contact in a heartbeat, hand jerking away from the mirror to lay across Auryn and force the snakes back into flesh. Within moments the images of Fantasia settled into the dull marred mirror that they had begun as. But not before he'd seen her, not before he realized once again why he was a Guardian still. Not before she saw him through whatever conduit had allowed him to see her. Oh, it was her. She was the reason, she was always the reason. No matter how hard he tried to let it, to let her and Fantasia and everything about them both go, there was still, there was always her. He'd suspected some time after Xayida, he'd wondered as he grew from fourteen to fifteen. He'd known when he was sixteen, that final visit that had been so brief before he fled Fantasia and swore to himself that he would never return. It had been the day that he realized that the Childlike Empress was not so childlike anymore, the day he knew that it was because of him. Because he was in love with her. He'd always loved her, he knew that, he'd loved her since the first time he'd picked up the book, little more than a child, from the day and night that he'd shouted encouragement through it to Atreyu and Artax, wept with the warrior-child and mourned his four-legged companion. He'd loved her always, had had to love her to have the strength of heart to make that wish, to name her and recreate Fantasia from the very seeds of his own imagination. He hadn't known, the second time he returned to Fantasia. Bastian never even suspected, though he wondered now at the way the denizens of the realm had looked at him. So wrapped up in his own youthful problems Bastian had never even realized that she wasn't a child anymore, that the ethereal being that had been seven-years-old since the beginning of time had aged. Not just aged, that she mirrored his, that while he was fourteen, she was fourteen. Perhaps it was because he'd been so young himself the first time they met, he had been ten or eleven, she had been eternally seven. She wasn't fourteen anymore. She wasn't a child. She was grown, a woman, the Childlike Empress was no more. The heat sweltered against Bastian's skin as he turned away from the mirror. The spigot outside would do for the crude cleaning that was all he needed to play a short game of basketball here in the desert. And she, Fantasia and all of the things that inevitably were brought to heart with it, would be pushed back again. Bastian would go back to death, the art of killing. It was the only way possible—he had to forget her. Once he forgot, perhaps the balance would be restored, perhaps she would be the Childlike Empress again. Perhaps another Guardian would finally be called. He would forget her. He knew how. Without looking back he walked into the sunshine and the endless dust and sand of war. -- This oneshot is not a political statement. Any reviews and/or PM's sent condemning me will be mocked liberally. ","Summary":" Time of War It seemed that no matter how long Bastian was there, he would never get used to the des"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"A Boy in the Mirror","Author":"Antilles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3579498","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Boy In The Mirror Summary: The Magic Mirror Gate shows the person's true soul. Bastian knows it, but Atreyu does not. My take on how they would feel when faced with that test Disclaimer: Don't own anything that sounds familiar A/N: After locating the script for the movie (which I haven't seen in a few years) and reading through it, I realized that as the reader, Bastian will know some events that Atreyu doesn't, and his reactions would be completely different from those of the other boy - especially their first encounter at the Magic Mirror Gate.This brought on the realization for this little piece...the points of view vary - this is Atreyu, this is Bastian. On with the story I slowly step toward the second gate. After the encounter with the Sphinx, my heart is still racing, and my head is low. I know I panicked, and raced right through when I should have been calm. I am terrified now of what I can find at the second step. I don't know about it, since I didn't hear anything from my guide. All I felt was the residue of fear from the first gate. Now I hesitantly raise my head, as the wind howls in my ears. Snow settles on my hair and my face, and I step forward to a giant frame. A mirror? Is that it? I give a nervous gulp. If only he stopped to listen - if only he knew what that mirror does... I wonder would his hesitation increase even more had he known the truth. Like him, my heart is racing with fear. What will he see? Like him, I slowly take a breath of much needed air, trying to push the fear down. I know - I heard - the Mirror shows the true self of a person. I know he doesn't know what the Mirror does - he didn't stop to listen. Maybe he chose right. It's better to face unknown at some point. True self... I wonder if I would be brave enough to face myself... I know he won't run now - not when he's so close to the Oracle... What will he see? More certain of myself now, I raise my head. At first, I only see a dim outline of myself - the mirror's depths are confusing. Then the image shifts and changes, as I come closer, peering inside. There's nothing to be afraid of. After all, it's just a mirror, somehow, for whichever purpose, left standing there in the middle of a snowy desert. Why is it here? The clouds in the mirror and my shape slowly disappear and I stare. I look into the dim and dusty room. I can't see anything, despite the numerous shapes jumping out of me from the darkness. When my eyes adjust to the darkness after blinded by snow, I finally notice that the room has an occupant. It's a boy, no older than I am. He's lying on his stomach with a blanket over his dark head, holding a heavy, leather-bound book in his hands. He frowns incredulously at the book before his head comes up, and we look into each other's eyes. He stares at me, looking through me - as if I'm not supposed to exist. His eyes, which I can see now, are dark and wide with astonishment. How am I to know that I would see him again? I don't. All I can do is stare, until he jumps to his feet and flings the book away, as if it burns his hands... I read on. As he starts to approach the mirror, I gulp, feeling more nervous than I really should. After all, it's not I who faces that mirror. It's him. Those thoughts last only until I start reading what, exactly he sees. A dusty room? Strange shapes in the darkness? A boy, reading a book under a blanket??? I gulp. Suddenly, the nervousness returns to me full force, and I slowly raise my own head, searching for a mirror in this cluttered space. Surely, he's mistaken. He can't be seeing me . I'm not his reflection - he doesn't exist , for goodness' sake. I find one with my eyes, before returning to the book. The shadow in the mirror, cracked in half, is dim and distant, and yet, I feel as if something is nudging me to look up - to look into the murky shadows in the broken mirror. The mirror in my attic seemingly encourages me to face the same test he does... But that's ridiculous! This isn't true! I frown incredulously and slowly raise my head. He's there, in the mirror, looking straight into my soul. Behind him is snowy waste. I can hear the wind howling around his figure, I can see it in his dark hair, flying in a cloud around his shoulders and face. Snow had settled on his face and his clothes, and his eyes are as wide as mine are. I can't help it but stare. He's... Me? But... Impossible! He doesn't exist ... Does he??? Knowing what I do about that mirror, I stare, unable to tear my eyes away from the boy in the broken frame. He's me? Why does he see me? I don't understand... Why do I see that strange boy instead of my own reflection? I don't understand. How can Atreyu be my reflection? As I stare in amazement into my reflection of the Magic Mirror Gate - which somehow reflects the dusty Attic of my school, I don't even think that in a few years, I'll be standing right next to him. How can I know it? I don't. I jump to my feet, staring in the reflection as it slowly starts fading. The book burns my hands, and I throw it away... Then, curiosity overcomes my fear, and hesitantly I approach the book, as if it were a wounded animal and would snap at my hand if I'm too rough with it. Hesitantly I take the book back into my hands. Its covers are warm, and the Auryn is reflecting the playful sun ray that is dancing on the floor where I sit. It flips open where I left off. I turn with my back to the mirror and continue reading... ","Summary":" The Boy In The Mirror Summary: The Magic Mirror Gate shows the person's true soul. Bastian knows it"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"The Afterglow","Author":"FantasyChic105","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7464848","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fandom: The Neverending Story Character: Atreyu Genre: Angst/Friendship Disclaimer: I own nothing except, my imagination! :) The Afterglow: Darkness . That's all I am seeing. I struggle to open my eyes, but no prevail. I suddenly remember the Moonchild's words to me. \" He has suffered with you. He went through everything, you went through. And now, he has come here. He is very close. He is listening to every word, we say\" A dark cloud rumbles above I grow very frustrated. \" But if he is so close, where is he!\" \" He doesn't realize…\" Another shake. This time, it begins to crack and destroy, the palace. \" ..That he is part, of The Neverending Story.\" A blast is heard from, miles away, but yet sounds so close. \" But what happens if he doesn't appear!\" The Childlike Empress 's face saddens. \"Then we will disappear…and so will I\". My eyes suddenly jolt awake. The sun is back out. I look around at my surroundings. I'm back in the meadow. I suddenly feel a nudge, behind me. It's my horse. \"Artex!\" I throw my arms, around his neck, and bury my face in his warm fur. I coax him to stand back up, and we quietly ride out of the meadow, up to the Great plains, where I am home….and free ","Summary":" Fandom: The Neverending Story Character: Atreyu Genre: Angst/Friendship Disclaimer: I own nothing e"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Mein Unendliche Kampf","Author":"LaserKing","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9802219","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bastion had won the day; wishing Fantasia back into existence, saving and naming the Empress Moonchild, and uniting himself with the world of his dreams. What eventually followed was somewhat less pleasant. Every cloud, it is said, has a silver lining, and it seems the inverse, too, is often true. The earth child soon realized that there were no limits to his wishing power. The world of Fantasia was his to make and remake, as he saw fit. In the hands of an eleven-year-old boy, who would topple a LEGO castle that was the product of hours of play out of a short flash of anger from having stepped on a brick, this was a disaster-in-waiting. Indeed, no sooner had he finished surveying the vastness of his creation, then did his attention drift. When asked what he would like to wish for next, he answered with one hushed word: \"Revenge.\" Armed with the luck dragon Falkor, he rode down the bullies who had tormented him in school. Would this be a crime, but for the word \"crime\" having no meaning to an absolute metaphysical god. His pettiness found no bounds to contain it. In time, he would simply wish out of existence that which annoyed him; when Teeny Weeny's wimpering struck a nerve, Teeny Weeny was removed; his story erased. When a stone-sized fragment of granite fell from Rock Biter's cobbled lips, he wished that no one knew – not just what a Rock Biter was – but what rocks were, at all. Moonchild once quarreled with Bastion – after an imperfect wish left her with shattered memories of vegetable dinners, the color pink, thunderstorms, darkness, rocks (and the giants that eat them) – and a million hundredyears passed where no one knew what a moon was, much less the hypothetical child of one. Of any of these, and countless more, not even the faintest memory remained. Despite many aeons of rule with the metaphysical fabric of Fantasia in his grasp, Bastion's abuse continued, and grew. Given infinite power, he remade Fantasia as he saw fit, and by the end, all that he originally wrought was not gone, but had never been at all. What denizens there were by the end, knew him not as Bastion the boy, but only as the Power. Finally, in a fit of frustration with the world he had made and remade innumerable times, he unwished it in its entirety, seeking the solace that could only come from absolute annihilation. It was in that moment, less than the blink of an eye to the all-powerful Bastion, that an empress called for a champion, a quest was begun, and ended, and a world died and was reborn again, by the wish of a new god, who hopefully wouldn't be such an inconsiderate dick to everyone. ","Summary":" Bastion had won the day; wishing Fantasia back into existence, saving and naming the Empress Moonch"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Forget Me Not","Author":"Simon System","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3839011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Forget Me Not By Simon System Author's Note: Fornthe purposes of this fic Neverending Story 3 never happened. I hopenyou enjoy my story, creative criticism is always welcome but flamesnwill be ignored or deleted. As the ChildlikenEmpress gazed out on the land of Fantasia from a window of the Ivoryntower her thoughts turned to him, as they did very often. BastiannBalthazar Bux, the hero of Fantasia, the boy whose dreams saved hernand her world. She wondered if henthought of her often as well. It had been a long while, far to longnsince he last visited this world, and her, but she tried not to feelnhurt. He must have had a good reason to stay away so long, but she sondesperately wanted to know what that reason could be. Her positionnisolated her many of her citizens and it was so rare anyone visitednher, only Atreyu came occasionally, but those visits where alwaysnshort as he had to return to his people. She thought back onnwhen she had first encountered the boy, he was shy and timid, afraidnto really dream. When he overcame that he named her. Moon Child, itnwas such a beautiful name, she was proud to carry it. Others wouldnstill call her Empress, but she would always love it when he callednher by her true name. In there secondnencounter he was a bit older and far more confident in himself, and,nwith what she would like to believe she helped in, he was able tonbeat his own personal fears and save her world from the dark witchnXayida. Bastian visitednFantasia often after Xayida's defeat and the Empress spent manynhappy hours talking with him. He told her more about his world, shenshared her tales of her life as ruler of Fantasia. She grew to looknforward to Bastian's visits with great eagerness not proper for anruler like herself. She didn't realize it then, but looking backnnow she knew she had been falling in love with him. But then Bastian'snvisits started becoming less frequent, he didn't look at Fantasianwith the same wonder as he did before. He didn't seem to have timento tell her tales of the human world anymore, and his outlook on lifenseemed a lot darker. She feared she was losing him then, losing himnas Fantasia had lost many of its Keepers before, losing him to humannage. She refused to believenit though; Fantasia has had many Keepers, many of them she had becomenfriends with, and they all stopped coming to her world after reachingna certain age, but none of them had been like Bastian. She had nevernbeen as close to them as she was to Bastian, she hadn't loved themnas she did Bastian. But then Bastiannstopped visiting her and Fantasia all together. Days turned to weeks,nweeks to months, months to years, and still Bastian hadn'tnreturned. But she waited still, unrelenting, confident he would benback. Atreyu had been hit hard by the disappearance of the man whonhad been like a brother to him, but was far more pessimistic then shenwas. He believed Bastian was gone forever as the other Keepers beforenhim were. Her advisers, her friends, all tried to get her to acceptnhe was gone, but she would not listen. Bastian would return tonher, and she would wait as long as it took. But perhaps she couldngaze into the real world…just for a moment. She had done it beforen…it was a power she was rarely allowed to use, but there couldn'tnbe any harm in just looking to see Bastian as long as no one foundnout. - Bastian tapped on hisnkeyboard. He needed to complete this assignment quickly to get tonwork on his next project. The University he attended was prestigious,nand his coursework load was hard, but he really didn't mind, he hadnnothing else. He had no real friends and paid attention to nothingnbut his studies. That attitude had won him a full academicnscholarship. He had alwaysnenvisioned he would study creative writing, but instead he hadndecided to get his Masters in Business. After his father's deathnBastian had lost the will to continue writing. His father had beennkilled a few years ago suddenly, hit by a drunk driver on his waynhome from work. It had hit Bastian hard, so hard it caused him tonrevert to the way he was many years ago, quiet, unsociable. He had nontime for silly dreams of fantasy worlds anymore; he had to look outnfor himself from that moment on. It was lonely, but he learned tonaccept it as life. He buried himself in his school work and ignorednthe world around him. It was the only way for him to remain sane. He rarely thought ofnthat odd childhood fantasy he had called Fantasia, and as time passednhe forget about it entirely. What had seemed real as a child he hadnwritten off as a dumb dream. He had to focus on reality, and realitynwas harsh. - The Empress liked tonbelieve she had an exceptional control over her emotions, but shendidn't even attempt to hold back her tears as she took a look intonBastian's life. Bastian had forgotten.nForgotten Fantasia, forgotten his adventures, and forgotten her. She had refused tonbelieve it for so long, but now the evidence undeniable. Yet what wasnworse was that Bastian miserable. If he had forgotten she hadnbelieved she would be able to take some pleasure in seeing Bastiannhad at least found happiness in his own world. But he hadn't,nBastian was a shell of what he once was, destroyed by personalntragedy. \"Bastian!\" Shenyelled, hoping against hopes that somehow he would hear her. \"Bastiannplease, DON'T FORGET ME BASTIAN!\" - 'Don't forget menBastian.' Bastian looked aroundnhis dorm room. He could have sworn he heard someone calling his name.nHe shrugged when he found no source for the voice, trying to shake itnoff as just his imagination. But for some reason he couldn't let itngo, the voice had seemed familiar, but he couldn't pinpoint who itnhad belonged to. \"Mr. Koriander?\" Henthought out loud, but chuckled. No it definitely wasn't Mr.nKoriander's voice, why would he come to mind? Mr. Koriander was thenmean spirited book shop keeper he had known when he was younger,nBastian recalled visiting his shop a few times but couldn'tnremember much about his visits other than Koriander being a gruff mannwho didn't like kids. For some reason thenmemory had made him smile, Bastian didn't remember many people fromnhis youth, but he knew Mr. Koriander's book shop was still open.nAfter finishing up this last paragraph he would go into town andnvisit the old jerk's shop. It would be nice to see a familiar facenagain. - It didn't take longnfor Bastian to find the shop; he remembered the neighborhood quitenwell. It was still in the exact same spot it was all those years ago.nWhen he entered he realized that nothing had changed. It was stillnfilled with all the same old dusty books, still looked to be poorlynorganized. A man that looked to be only a few years older thennhimself approached him. \"Can I help you?\"nThe man asked. He had short brown hair, a well trimmed moustache andnwore glasses. \"Uh, is Mr. Koriandernhere?\" Bastian asked, surprised to see someone else working in thenold man's store. \"You're talking tonhim.\" The man said with a smile. Bastian looked confusednbut pulled himself together. \"Uh, I'm sorry I meant Mr. KoriandernSenior.\" The man smiled sadlynand responded. \"I'm afraid my father passed away a couple monthsnago, I took over his shop. I'm Simon Koriander.\" He explained. Bastian frowned. Henwanted to yell but held it in; he hadn't been hoping for much, henjust wanted to see someone from his childhood. Since his father diednhe had been so lonely, he just thought Mr. Koriander might justnremember who he was. \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" He finally toldnSimon. Simon nodded. \"Mynfather seemed to be quite well liked in this community; I'm hopingnthe same can be said about me someday. I didn't catch your name.\" \"I'm Bastian Bux, Inuse to shop here when I was a younger.\" He said Simon's eyes lit up.n\"You're Bastian Bux?\" Simon smiled. \"My father told me you'dnbe here someday, wait here a minute.\" Simon vanished into the backnroom. Bastian was caught offnguard by this. Mr. Koriander mentioned him? Simon reentered thenroom holding a large book. \"He said you'd be looking for this.\"nHe handed the book to Bastian who looked over the cover. \"'The NeverendingnStory'?\" Bastian thought hard for a moment, it seemed familiar.n\"I think I might have read this before…Why did Mr. Koriander wantnme to have this?\" Simon simply smiled. \"Inthink the answer for that lies in the book it's self. Give it readnBastian; I think it may help you find something you might have lost.\"nSimon paused. \"The thing about books is they can help you remembernthings you had no idea you forgot.\" Bastian cocked anneyebrow. This guy was strange; he really was old man Koriander'snkid. \"Uh, thanks, how much do I owe you?\" \"Oh no, take it, it'snfree, father knew it would help you. Enjoy Bastian.\" Simon replied. Bastian nodded, thankednhim again and left quickly. He shook his head as he exited; this guynwas more then a little odd. - Bastian sighed andntossed the large heavy book onto his bed. He didn't have time fornthis; he had to get to work on his next assignment. But as he sat innfront of his computer again, he couldn't help but wonder what thenbook might have been about. Surely he had enough time to read a fewnpages, see what Mr. Koriander thought was so important about the dumbnthing. He flopped down on hisnbed and opened the cover of the book. It was quite thick; he picked anrandom page and read the first paragraph. ' Atreyu and Artaxnhad searched the Silver Mountains, the Desert of Shattered Hopes, andnthe Crystal Towers without success. And so, there was only one chancenleft. To find Morla, the ancient one, the wisest being in Fantasianwho's home was the Shell Mountain somewhere in the deadly Swamps ofnSadness .' Bastian paused, thisnseemed quite familiar. Maybe he had read this book before, that name,nAtreyu, seemed like he had heard that somewhere else before. Henflipped ahead further in the book. He skimmed a few pages,ngetting the basic gist of the story. Atreyu was a boy warrior tryingnto save the land of Fantasia from some sort of force known as thenNothing. Bastian didn'tnunderstand why Mr. Koriander would have wanted him to have this. Henwas also had trouble understanding the plot. He skipped ahead furtherndeciding to take one final look before going back to work. 'Bastian, whyndon't you do what you dream, Bastian?' Bastian's eyesnwidened. He was in this story? He rationalized that this was whynKoriander wanted to give him the book, because there was a characternthat shared his name. He closed the book andnstood up. 'Enough wasting time, better get back to work.' Henthought. But try as he might he found himself unable to concentrate,nhe soon picked up the book again. He flipped near to the end of thenbook. 'As the ChildlikenEmpress gazed out on the land of Fantasia from a window of the Ivoryntower her thoughts turned to him, as they did very often. BastiannBalthazar Bux, the hero of Fantasia, the boy whose dreams saved hernand her world.' Bastian paused again,nhis eyes widened. 'Bastian Balthaz Bux'!? That was noncoincidence, maybe Mr. Koriander himself had written this novel? But-but, this ChildlikenEmpress…that name…no it was just imagination. He read furtherndown the page. ' She thought backnon when she had first encountered the boy, he was shy and timid,nafraid to really dream. When he overcame that he named her. MoonnChild, it was such a beautiful name, she was proud to carry it.nOthers would still call her Empress, but she would always love itnwhen he called her by her true name .' \"Moon Child!?\"nBastian said, he knew that name, and that's when it hit him. All ofnit. \"I remember…\" Henwhispered. How could he havenforgotten? Atreyu, Falkor, Urgl, Engywood, Nimbly, The Rock Biter,nand Moon Child…he remember all of his friends, all of hisnadventures, everything. Tears began streakingndown his cheeks it all came back. So long, he had been withoutnFantasia for so long, how could he have forgotten it, how could henhave forgotten her? He willed himself tonpick up the book again. \"Moon Child, Inremember. MOON CHILD, I REMEMBER!\" He yelled. The world becamendarker around him, and Bastian vanished. - After her vision, thenEmpress sat on her throne and wept. She demanded she be left alone sonthat she could deal with her sad realization. Bastian wasn't comingnback, her refusal to accept it had gained her nothing. But the belief Bastiannwould return had been all that had kept her going for so long. Thenposition of Empress was a lonely one; she rarely left the Ivory Towernas she was so often needed by her people to provide guidance.nUndoubtedly she had spent to long in this tower, she longed to leavenit behind and travel the many lands and cities of Fantasia. She justndidn't want to do it alone. She always pictured she would take thenjourney with Bastian at her side. She wondered why shenhad never told him that sooner. She also wondered why she had nevernbeen able to put into words her love for him. Now the chance wasngone. She was so wrapped upnin her despair she didn't notice the young man appear in her thronenroom. Bastian didn'tnrealize where he was or what had happened at first. He was distractednwhen he spotted his reflection a window. It was him, but…younger,nlike he had been when he last visited Fantasia. He looked aroundnquickly, could he be? He spotted the Empressnon her throne crying, and approached her slowly. For the first timenin a very long time Bastian smiled. \"Why is someone so beautifulncrying?\" The Empress opened herneyes and gasped. Could it really be him? \"Bastian?\" Bastian nodded and henstepped forward and wiped away her tears. The Empress threw hernarms around him, taking a moment to make sure he was really there.n\"Yo-you came back!\" \"I'm just sorry forntaking this long.\" Bastian whispered to her. \"B-but I saw you, younforgot, no Keeper has ever regained their memory after forgetting!\" Bastian returned thenhug and looked her in the eyes. \"I heard you Moon Child, I heardnyou pleading for me to remember. You helped me find my way back.nThank you.\" The Empress finallynallowed herself to believe that he wasn't an illusion. \"Inbelieved you be back Bastian, I did. But when I saw you…I thoughtnI'd lost you forever.\" Bastian nodded. \"Mynfather died a few years ago Empress, I guess when something like thatnhappens you stop believe in fairy tales and dreams. I was miserable,nI-I don't think I could ever go back.\" The Empress brought hernhand to Bastian's cheek. \"I am sorry Bastian, the pain of yournloss must have been terrible. But I wouldn't allow you to return tonyour world anyway, your home is here now with me.\" Bastian had to let outna bit of a laugh. \"You 'wouldn't allow me to' Empress?\" She gave a mock seriousnexpression. \"I am the ruler of all Fantasia, and I hereby decreenyou shall stay in Fantasia at my side for all time, peasant.\" Theynboth laughed at this. \"I'm sorry it tooknme so long to tell you this Empress, but I love you.\" Bastian told,nand held his breath waiting for her response. It came in the form ofnher pressing her lips against his. They had both spent thenlast few years alone, neither was going to let this opportunity slipnby. \"Bastian, make me anpromise.\" The Empress said after breaking the kiss. \"Anything Empress.\" \"Promise you'llnnever leave me again.\" She said in a meek tone. \"I will never leavenyou again Empress, this is my home now. If don't mind the companynof course.\" Bastian responded. \"You know I wouldn't,nbut Bastian I have one Final decree.\" She stated in a more seriousntone. \"What?\" He askedncuriously. \"Never call menEmpress again.\" She said. He chuckled. \"You'vengot it Moon Child.\" And the two knew thatnthey would never be alone again. - Simon Koriandernwhistled as he opened up his shop. He smiled when he noticed thenNeverending Story had somehow returned to the selves, as it alwaysndid after it complete whatever it needed to do. Simon understood thenbook well, and had had his own adventures in Fantasia when he wasnyounger. His father had told him Bastian would come some day, and hendid. Simon also understoodnthat some day another young boy or girl, who was lonely, bullied,nmisunderstood by their parents, would come in the door and be drawnnto the book. Until that day came he would continue watching over thenstore as his father did. - That child would comento Simon's shop one day. The Empress wouldnfinally travel with Bastian at her side throughout the many lands ofnFantasia. And of course Bastiannand the Empress would have many more adventures together. But these are allnstories that shall be told another time. ","Summary":" Forget Me Not By Simon System Author's Note: Fornthe purposes of this fic Neverending Story 3 never"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"The Beginning","Author":"Spirited Heart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4101647","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:rnI was bored one day, and I started thinking…how did Fantasia begin?rnWell, here's my answer. It's a bit of a prelude to the story, but oh well.rnJust read it. I don't own The Neverending Story, but if i did i would be VERY VERY happy. Claimer:rngo Bastian! The Beginning It was dark in the beginning, as it usually always is. A pitch blackrnoblivion stretching on for miles after miles, without conclusion orrncommencement. It was a timeless emptiness, and there was no life. Therernwere no stars to shine, no bright sun, moon, or plants, no rocks orrnimmeasurable oceans. There was no day, or night. There was nothing. But then something changed. It was a defining instant, but not justrnfor the human race. It was something that would change two worlds;rnone known, and one hidden. On Earth, in the minds of humans,rnsomething stirred: A need to believe, to think, and to imagine, arnneed to dream of the unattainable. And without their knowing it,rnhumans had created a world. Not an average world, a world like theirrnown, but a world beyond their wildest dreams. Subconsciously, humansrnhad given existence to a land of wonder, imagination, audacity, andrnpower, where their daydreams and fantasies came true and amazingrnanimals and humans lived. At first it was only a tiny speck of white, radiating bright lightrnonto the vast emptiness. It was suspended in the darkness; a tinyrnwindow looking into a new world. But, as humans dreamed more andrnmore, the little speck grew, and it grew so much until it was arnworld, twice the size of the sun and filled with the dreams of the humanrnbeings that had given it life. Fantasia. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:rnI was bored one day, and I started thinking…how did Fantasia begin?rnWell, here's my a"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"the world transform'd shall view","Author":"htbthomas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5704713","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: Written for Alixtii for Yuletide 2009. Thank you to foxtwin, myystic and zoi_no_miko for the beta. :) \"Nicole... Nicole...\" The voice almost rouses her from sleep, amidst a strange dream of flying creatures and fantastic landscapes. She murmurs and drifts off. \"Nicole...\" The voice is high and fragile-sounding, and somewhat alien. She tosses and turns most of the night and minutes before her alarm buzzes she is sitting up in bed, whispering her own name. \"Nicole...\" She eats her breakfast in a daze, her mother's reminders to send off her college applications unheard. Later that morning, she finds herself blinking in the dusty morning light that filters through the high windows of the school library. She had asked the study hall monitor if she could come, but she doesn't really know why. This is Bastian's domain, not hers. She almost expects to find him here, legs drawn beneath him in a comfortable chair... but this is school, not home. Bastian prefers quiet; he reads in his bedroom, a forgotten storeroom or under a tree -- not some public place like this. Bastian has taught her to enjoy reading. The first year their parents were married, they spent nights reading to each other their favorite books -- first him then her -- and she smiles thinking about it. Her private bookshelf at home is just as packed with books as his now, but she still loves to go out with her friends at night. Bastian has friends now -- Nicole found him some mutual friends -- but sometimes Nicole thinks he'll always be closer to his books. Mr. Coreander, the librarian, isn't here. The library is silent save for the ticking of the clock on the wall. She takes slow, careful steps toward the reference section. The book is there again, The NeverEnding Story , she can see the gilt edges glimmering from behind the dictionaries and encyclopedias that hem it in. It wasn't there last month, or last year even. Bastian told her once that the book only appears at a time of great need: in his life, and in Fantasia's. They are inextricably linked. So why is it here now? Why can she see it? She reaches out her hand to touch it and the whispered voice calls, \"Nicole...\" She flinches, but then her hand grasps the book, almost of its own accord. She can't resist reading the title aloud. \"The NeverEnding Story.\" The book seems to whisper in time with her own trembling voice. Nicole remembers that day three years ago when the world went wild because of her whims, standing soaked in the rain, pleading with her new brother Bastian to fight the Nasty... did she want to go through that again? She is unable to stop from opening the pages, from viewing the first illustrated page. It is a pencil sketch of Nicole, standing on a forested hillside, a tall tower in the distance. She is not looking toward the tower, but toward the horizon, something the Nicole outside the book cannot see. The caption below says... \" The Disquiet ?\" she reads aloud. She is alone in the library, so she continues, \"Nicole woke that morning with the sound of voices calling her name urgently. Someone needed her, someplace she had never been before. A churning sensation began in her stomach. 'Who could need my help?' she thought. 'I am not brave, not like--'\" The door to the library creaks open and she looks up guiltily to see her stepbrother in the doorway. \"Bastian?\" \"Nicole?\" He tilts his head in confusion as he walks toward her. He is no longer the awkward fourteen-year old boy she'd first met while their parents were dating. He is seventeen, like she is, almost ready to go out into the world. And his unruly shock of wavy hair over his searching blue eyes is more endearing than 'un.' \"What are you doing...?\" He notices what she is holding. \"Is that...?\" \"Yes,\" she says simply. \"It called to me.\" \"To... you?\" He looks hurt. \"I thought it was calling me.\" \"Why couldn't it be calling to me?\" she challenges him. All her earlier doubts flee in the face of his disbelief. \"Mr. Coreander said 'our' story wasn't over, you know!\" He gives her a half-smile, half-grimace. \"I know, but...\" \"This was always your story.\" \"Yeah.\" He comes around to her side to look at the beautifully printed words. \"What does it say?\" Her mouth twists up in a smirk. \"I just started reading, Bast.\" She points to the picture. \"Is that Fantasia?\" \"Yes, and the Ivory Tower.\" His eyebrows draw down. \"But you've never been there... or have you?\" \"No.\" Suddenly she wants nothing more. \"But I'm going there soon.\" She bookmarks her place with a finger and tucks the book under her arm. Then she holds out her hand. \"Will you come with me?\" He smiles and takes her hand. It fits into hers just right -- it shouldn't feel so right, she thinks. Should it? \"Take us to Fantasia,\" she whispers to the book under her arm. Nothing happens at first. Then without warning, the tiny space between their palms tingles with magic; the feeling quickly spreads up her arms and throughout her whole body. The room begins to shake and spin... and suddenly they are gone. The book tumbles to the floor, flopping open to the page Nicole had tried to mark. Mr. Coreander leaves the storeroom just then, and shuffles toward the reference desk. He sees the book open on the floor. \"Someone needs to be more careful about how they handle my books!\" he grumbles. His expression changes to a curious smile when he reads the cover. He lifts the book and reads for a few moments, then closes and replaces the book on the shelf. Humming, he goes about his duties. Nicole has never seen anything so beautiful in all her life. She couldn't have wished for anything as amazing as this, even if she had the magical Auryn medallion around her neck again. They are standing on a tall cliff, looking over a breathless view of Fantasia. Nicole turns in a slow circle, taking in the endless sea of green foliage. And far, far in the distance is the Ivory Tower. As her eyes alight on it, her name seems to float in the air. She has never seen the like, not trapped in suburbia with its endless asphalt. The world seems fresh and new, and more... alive... than she has ever known. \"Is it always like this?\" Bastian closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, seeming to joyfully fill his lungs with the magic of the place. \"Yes.\" He opens them and looks out at the spire of white rising in the distance. \"Except when the Emptiness, the Nothing and the Nasty were destroying it. This is the way it should be. When everything is right.\" A voice rumbles from almost underneath their feet. \" Is not right .\" Nicole yelps in surprise and fear. \" Is not home .\" Bastian turns in all directions and his face lights up as he rushes to the edge of the cliff. \"Rock Chewer Junior?\" \"What?\" is all she can think to say. She sees nothing, not even a bird or an insect. \"Come here, Nic.\" He waves her to the edge. \"Look down there -- see that pile of rocks?\" Nicole gives him a raised eyebrow in reply. Bastian smiles. \"Wave to my sister, Junior!\" \"Bastian? And sister? Bastian bring sister?\" The pile of rocks transforms into a great monster of a figure, looking like an overgrown teenager, but completely made of stone. \" Whoa ,\" she says, eyes wide. Bastian laughs. The sound is deep and full of joy. He seems more alive here in this fantasy world than he does back at home. She feels a quick stab of envy as she watches him scramble to climb down the side toward his friend. She's not here to watch, though. She follows him down and whoops in surprise when the creature sweeps them up in two rocky fists. \"How are you doing, Junior?\" Bastian asks. \"You look so grownup, now! Last I saw you, you were just a toddler!\" \"More tasty limestone to eat, more grow.\" He grins, his mouth full of jagged boulders stretching out wide. Then his smile fades, and the rocks grind together in sadness. \"But no more tasty mountains here. Not for Junior.\" Bastian is instantly concerned. \"Why? What's happened? Is the Nothing back? The Emptiness?\" \"No. Dad say rocks tasty. Mom say rocks tasty. But rocks not tasty to Junior. Not right.\" Junior puts his fists under his chin and pouts, even though they are still grasped within. Nicole clings furiously to one of his oversized fingers with a squeal. \"Hey! Watch it!\" \"Oh! Sorry,\" he rumbles, and gently sets them back on the ground beneath them. \"Is that why you're here? To find 'tasty' rocks?\" Nicole asks, dusting herself off. \"These rocks not good. Too...\" Junior sticks out his marble slab tongue. \"Maybe you just need to keep looking. If you search hard enough, you'll be sure to find it.\" Bastian is confident. She likes this side of him, it doesn't show nearly enough back in their world. \"What if Junior not know what he looking for?\" Junior's massive lip trembles. That seems to stump Bastian. Nicole doesn't know what to say either. She is six months away from the end of high school and the next step seems like walking off this cliff behind them. There's a reason she has been ignoring the college applications her mother sets on her bed. Nicole walks over to Junior's foot, and pats it gently with her hand. \"Everything will be fine. You'll figure it out.\" It seems like an empty promise, something a parent would tell a child when there is nothing else to say. \"Thank you, Bastian Sister.\" \"Maybe we can help you find it,\" Bastian says hopefully. \"We're on a journey to see the Childlike Empress. Maybe we will find it on the way?\" Nicole looks quickly at Bastian. They are going to see the Childlike Empress? Is that the voice in her head? \"Come with Bastian and Sister?\" Junior gets to his feet in happy anticipation, shaking the cliff and the trees at its base like a mighty earthquake, dislodging rocks and dirt. Bastian and Nicole clutch at each other for stability. One of the rocks tumbles directly toward them and they dive out of the way just in time. \"Sorry, again,\" Junior says in a low rumble, and scoops them up again in one palm. \"To Ivory Tower?\" he asks, and points them in the direction of shining pillar far in the distance. Bastian nods. \"To the Ivory Tower.\" As Junior sets a quick pace, none of three notices the way the colors of the trees behind them have begun to fade, becoming colorless as ash. The Ivory Tower shines brightly in the distance, through the day and the night. The wind seems to blow at their backs, pushing them along toward the Tower. Nicole finds herself wakeful that first night, out in the open with only her autumn jacket and Rock Chewer Junior blocking the wind. She thinks about what Bastian had said about the Childlike Empress during their journey with a touch of worry. \"She rules over all of Fantasia and she has control of the Auryn. She's calm and wise,\" he says, looking toward the Tower as he speaks. \"And beautiful .\" He uses the reverent voice he reserves only for his long-dead mother, though she's not sure she wants to ask why. Nicole wonders how he would describe her. It's funny. That summer they first met, she couldn't care less what he thought of her. He was this intruder in her life, he and his father -- strangers who could never take the place of her missing dad. But now she can't imagine life without them, without him. Bastian had said that the voice calling her was probably the Childlike Empress. She had called Bastian before when her need was great. What is the Empress' need this time? Though Nicole has never been here before, nothing seems amiss. Nicole turns over to gaze on Bastian, curled up against Rock Chewer Junior's massive foot. Junior rumbles the earth slightly with his snores. She is jealous that they are able to sleep, looking forward to the end of the journey. Nicole shifts a little closer to her step-brother, hoping some of that peace will rub off on her. They wake to a bright dawn, Nicole having drifted off for a few hours. She can vaguely remember a whispering lullaby floating on the wind, trying to soothe her to sleep. Bastian is finger-combing his hair and stretching. She hopes it isn't much farther; she's hungry. So far they have been able to find berries and such along the way, but that won't satisfy them forever. She stands and stretches herself, looking at the path ahead. The wooded area is giving forth to grassy plains, which seem to stretch endlessly ahead. But so had the woods. The Tower still shines in the distance, winking brightly in the morning sun. Nicole frowns. \"Shouldn't it seem closer now?\" Bastian covers his eyes with one hand and squints into the distance. \"It seems closer to me,\" he says after a moment. \"I think.\" Then he shrugs. \"We're almost to the plains. It must be.\" \"Tower still far,\" Junior observes. \"Must hurry.\" He lowers his palm to the ground and they climb up onto it to begin the day's journey. She should keep her eyes straight ahead, she thinks, but she would rather watch Bastian's face. When the sun is high in the sky, Bastian asks Junior to set them down by a stand of trees. \"I'm going to see if there is anything edible, okay, Nic?\" \"Okay,\" she says, but he's already pushing aside branches. She decides to walk around the other way, around the outside of the grove. She has avoided looking toward the Ivory Tower all morning. It's not as if she is afraid. By all rights, she should be just as excited to meet this fairytale princess as Bastian is. But the moment she saw the beauty and wonder of this place, all of her confidence from the library had slowly evaporated. She had tried hard not to let Bastian see it. Nicole closes her fingers into fists and finally looks up. The Tower is still there, just as bright, just as beautiful... just as far away. \"Huh.\" \"It's beautiful, isn't it?\" A voice comes from behind her, strong and male. But it isn't Bastian. She whirls, hand to her chest, to see a tall young man, seventeen or eighteen by the look of him, bronzed, well-muscled with long, brown hair. Behind him, a fine white stallion grazes on the grass. She takes a step back. He holds out a hand in entreaty. \"Do not run. I did not mean to startle you.\" He nods formally. \"My name is Atreyu. I am a warrior of the plains.\" \"Atreyu?\" The hero of Bastian's stories? He was just a boy in those stories... but then, Bastian was just a boy the last time the two met, also. \"Yes. You have heard of me?\" he asks with a tilt to his head. \"My stepbrother told me about you. You know him: Bastian?\" His face lights up in a wondering smile. \"Bastian is your brother? I have not seen him in many years! Does he fare well in the human world?\" \"He's fine. He's great.\" She looks beyond him, into the trees. \"He's here, actually.\" \"Splendid!\" he exclaims, and turns to look into the trees as well. Nicole feels odd speaking to a person borne of Bastian's imagination. Sure, she has met Rock Chewer Junior already, but he is such a fantastical creature that it isn't as hard to accept. But Atreyu seems so real, like he has a life completely separate from them all. \"So...\" she says after a few moments, \"are you out... hunting or something?\" Her voice is hopeful. The berries were a long time ago. He turns back to her. \"No. Searching.\" He has a very plain way of speaking. She'll have to ask more questions if she wants to know more about him. \"For what?\" \"My place.\" He turns back to peer through the trees for Bastian. Nicole opens her mouth to ask what he means by that, but he strides toward the trees. Bastian comes into sight at the same time. \"Hey, Nic, I think these plants are edible, it seems like last ti--\" He cuts off immediately upon seeing their new visitor. \"Atreyu!\" \"Bastian!\" Atreyu throws his arms around her stepbrother and hugs him tightly. Atreyu draws back and holds Bastian at arms' length. \"It is good to see you.\" Then he frowns. \"What great peril has brought you here?\" \"Peril?\" Bastian looks to Nicole. \"We don't actually know. The Childlike Empress is calling my sister... there must be a reason.\" Suddenly, Atreyu is regarding her with a great deal more interest. \"She calls you?\" \"Yes,\" Nicole says simply. She can't add anything further, not yet. \"I, too, am on my way to the Ivory Tower. Perhaps we can journey on together, the three of us.\" \"Four,\" comes a rumble from over the trees, and Rock Chewer Junior rises up above the canopy to gaze down on them all. \"Four, then.\" Atreyu smiles. \"Five, including Artax.\" Nicole moves closer to the warrior. There is something about him that draws her in the same way Bastian does. Of course, the fact that he is muscular and tanned doesn't hurt. She asks, \"You're searching for your place? What does that mean?\" He presses his lips together in thought and breathes heavily through his nose. \"The plains have always been my home, but lately... I feel that I must be elsewhere. Where it is, I cannot say. I hope that the Childlike Empress can help.\" They continue traveling toward the Tower, a larger group than before. Atreyu rides his horse beside the rock chewer, who carries the siblings still. Nicole slowly nibbles on some trail rations Atreyu shared with them before moving on. Still, the uneasiness grows in her stomach, and food does not settle it. Bastian notices. \"Is there something wrong, Nic?\" He places a hand on her arm, and she tries not to lean into it. \"Not really, just...\" She tries to think of an explanation that doesn't make her seem like a worrywart. \"...this is all a little surreal.\" Bastian gives her an understanding smile. \"Oh yeah, I was completely freaked out the first time I realized that this place was real.\" His smile turns broad. \"And then I thought it was the greatest thing ever .\" She smiles back at him as bravely as she can, and then pulls away, wrapping her arms around herself. The blasted cold wind at their backs is getting to her. \"I'm just impatient to get to the Ivory Tower, I guess. Try to figure all of this out.\" She points at the shining tower in the distance. \"Does it always seem like you will never reach it?\" \"Sometimes. But I always have, eventually.\" \"It must be the magic of the place, then. 'Cause I swear , that tower is just as far away as it was when we joined up with Atreyu a couple hours ago.\" \"Oh, I'm sure it's just a trick of the light...\" Bastian begins, and then his smile turns to a frown. \"Actually... maybe you're right...\" \"I am?\" she asks, surprised. This is his world after all. \"Junior!\" he calls out. \"Could you set us down?\" \"Whatever Bastian want.\" They both hop off his lowered hand into the grass. Junior carefully lowers himself to sit on the grass, displacing the tall shoots. Atreyu walks his horse toward them. \"What is it?\" \"Does the Tower look closer to you, Atreyu? Or the same distance as before?\" Atreyu places a hand over his eyes to peer into the West. \"It seems the same... but it must be closer. We have all traveled a good distance.\" \"It's not,\" Nicole says firmly. \"I've been watching it since this morning, and it never gets any larger. I don't know...\" She swallows, uncomfortable. \"...if it wants us to come.\" \"Time and distance can be very fluid here, Nic.\" It stings a little that Bastian doesn't accept her hypothesis. \"Maybe we just need a faster method of travel.\" \"Could we call upon the luck dragon?\" Atreyu suggests. \"Falkor?\" \"Oo, doggie,\" Junior says, clapping his mammoth hands together. \"Me want to see dragon, too.\" \"Falkor's the flying dragon, right?\" Nicole asks. Bastian nods. \"How do we call him?\" \"If I had the Auryn... or even the book... all I'd have to do is wish.\" Atreyu places a hand on his chin to think. \"Maybe we could shout for him?\" \"Worth a try.\" Bastian cups his hands around his mouth and shouts at the top of his voice, \"Falkor! Falkor! We need you! Falkor!\" Nicole and Atreyu add their voices to the din, all three searching the sky in all directions for some sign of the huge white luck dragon. Soon Nicole's voice becomes hoarse and she drops out, letting the boys keep shouting. Falkor does not come. Nicole suddenly feels more discouraged than she has since the day her father left home. This is useless. They are going to be trapped in this world forever, no one knowing what happened to them. She will never see her mom again, her step-dad, her friends... all she has is Bastian. She looks over at Bastian, still gamely trying to shout Falkor's name. If they are stuck here, then at least they have each other. They've grown so close in the last couple of years -- it wouldn't be so bad, would it? Then she feels awful again. It's Nicole's fault they are both here. She invited him to come. Maybe she should have gone alone, and followed the voice to its source. None of this neverending wandering would have happened. I need Falkor , she thinks, and quickly. I have to get to the Tower so that Bastian -- and I -- can get home . The boys are drifting apart, intermittently calling the dragon's name. Nicole closes her eyes in defeat. Then she hears a strange sound, almost like... snoring. She turns toward it and wanders toward the edge of a ridge (was that there before?) and carefully peeks over the side. At the bottom of a shallow valley, the luck dragon lies in slumber. His floppy ears almost cover his eyes and his whiskers blow in the wind of his every breath. When did he appear? Why can he not hear the shouting of his name only yards away? \"Falkor?\" she whispers, clambering quietly over the ridge to reach him. She creeps up to the luck dragon, much larger than she remembers, and whispers his name again from a safe distance. \"Falkor?\" She receives a snore in response. She takes another careful step. The creature is so big, and though she doesn't think he would hurt her -- he is, after all, another one of Bastian's creations -- she doesn't know what he would do if awakened suddenly. \"Falkor?\" she tries again, this time a little louder. When there is still no response, she treads as close as she can toward his large head. What was it Bastian had said in his stories that the dragon liked best? Oh, yes, scratching behind the ear... She carefully moves behind his floppy white ear and places a hand there. The creature does not react, so she curls her fingernails downward and begins to stroke. First lightly, and then with increasing firmness. A different sound comes from the dragon's throat, a soft whine. It turns into a throaty moan of pleasure. \"Young lady...\" His voice is gravelly and low. \"You have a friend for life.\" He turns his head so that she can scratch more easily in the ridge above his ear, and his tongue lolls out to the side, just like a real dog. \"Falkor?\" \"Mmmm, yes. I am Falkor. A little more there, please.\" \"All right.\" She scratches as firmly as she can and he moans again. She smiles. \"We've been looking for you, Falkor. Can you take us -- me, Bastian and Atreyu -- to the Ivory Tower?\" \"Mmmm, I could.\" She scratches a little farther down. \"Oh, thank you! We'd never rea--\" \"But I won't.\" Her hand stops. \"Why not?\" \"I do not want to. If I go there, things will change. I do not like change.\" She steps fully away, and walks over to the ground in front of his canine head. \"No one does!\" she tells him with a touch of irritation. \"But we must go. The Childlike Empress is calling us!\" Then she frowns. \"What do you mean, change ?\" \"The world is perfect, as it is. I can sleep for hours and nothing troubles me,\" he answers, his eyes still closed. \"All enemies are vanquished, and my luck never fails me. If I take you there...\" \"Things might change for the worse?\" \"Exactly. How could it be better than now?\" She frowns harder. \"But Bastian says we have to go there.\" The dragon's large eyes open and he regards her for the first time. The eyes are bright blue and almost human in appearance. \"Are you Bastian? Do you do everything he says just because he says it?\" \"No...\" \"Then come rest beside me. I have not had someone to nap with in many years.\" His body shimmies slightly and he pats a soft paw on the ground where she can lie down. After the poor night's sleep, it does look inviting. She could get some rest, and then try to convince him afterward. She sits down in the grass beside his furry paw and closes her eyes. This will only be a short nap; Bastian and the others will find them soon anyway. The whispering voice comes back to her as she drifts off. It sounds more urgent but her limbs feel heavy and she is soon sleeping. She does not dream. She slowly awakens to Bastian gently shaking her arm. She can hear Atreyu frantically calling Falkor's name, and the ground shakes as Rock Chewer Junior shifts from foot to foot. \"Nicole, wake up,\" he is saying, and she opens her eyes blearily. He looks worried. She yawns. \"Bastian. You found us.\" \"How long have you been here, Nic? In a few hours it will be sundown!\" She turns to the horizon. He's right. She must have been sleeping most of the afternoon. \"Wow, I slept longer than I thought.\" Bastian looks upset, but Atreyu strides up to him before her stepbrother can scold her. \"The dragon is alive, but sleeping soundly. He does not wake no matter how loudly I shout.\" \"Is he in a coma?\" Bastian says worriedly. \"No,\" Nicole says, getting to her feet. \"I spoke to him earlier. He doesn't want to take us to the Ivory Tower.\" \"He doesn't?\" Bastian seems more disappointed than upset now. \"Why didn't you come find us after you talked to him?\" Falkor's voice rings out in the small valley. \"Because I asked her to rest with me.\" \"Falkor! You're okay!\" Bastian moves to stand in front of the dragon, giving the creature's snout a quick hug. \"But why won't you take us?\" \"I do not wish to. Ask your sister.\" His eyes close again. \"He doesn't like change.\" Nicole shrugs. \"I can't blame him.\" She reaches up a hand to stroke his ear. \"And I couldn't convince him otherwise.\" \"But Falkor, you don't understand. Things are already changing.\" Bastian gestures to the east. \"While we were searching for you, we discovered something terrible. All the land behind us is fading out, turning grey!\" His voice grows urgent. \"Things are changing whether you like it or not!\" Nicole stands and looks in the direction Bastian pointed. \"What?\" \"This must be why the Empress is calling us. To prevent Fantasia from fading away completely!\" Falkor settles lower into the grass. \"It is not different here , Bastian. Perhaps it is only the places you travel from that change.\" Bastian closes his mouth, eyebrows drawing down. But Nicole's mind swirls. Falkor's words have struck a chord within her, and she resonates with realization. \"Even if we can't go back, we can't stay here,\" she says. Then she swallows. \"I came here for a reason -- to help the Childlike Empress. I need to go through with it.\" She nods and sets off on her own, walking toward the horizon and the Tower. The others are silent as she stalks away, but only for a moment. A satisfied huff comes from behind her. \"If that's the way you feel about it, then of course, I'll take you.\" She halts, and swivels back to look at Falkor. \"Really?\" \"If you are sure you are ready to go.\" She holds his eyes, the others looking puzzled at this exchange. Then she nods. \"I am.\" \"Then hop aboard, everyone!\" His demeanor has changed completely, his tone jovial and bright. \"Except you and Artax, Junior. Do you think you can keep up?\" The horse paws the ground and shakes his mane. Junior bellows, \"Junior run fast!\" The three humans climb quickly onto Falkor's back. He rises impossibly into the air and swishes his tail in readiness. \"We can make the Tower before sundown!\" Nicole can finally make out some details on the Tower, now. After a full day and a half of traveling, the tall pillar of light is growing close. Once she decides to go forward, the journey has become easy. She has realized something else as well. If all of these creatures, all of these people, are creations of Bastian's imagination -- maybe they are all based on Bastian in some small way. She would ask Bastian, she realizes, has probably not analyzed this fact himself. She looks down at Junior, loping along below them. Who would he be? The child of a larger-than-life being, primal in his needs? He is now almost grown-up, just like Bastian. He is looking for tastier rocks. Those of home no longer satisfy him. Is Bastian the same? Finally ready to break away from home... and her? She thinks about Atreyu. He is a hero, a warrior, full of confidence and skill. Surely Bastian was not that way when she first met him, and yet... This heroic side has emerged in him again and again. And what is Atreyu searching for? His place, a new place. She thinks about Falkor, flying free through the air. What is he? Is he Bastian's longing for freedom? For empowerment? He seems to represent their determination, their willingness to move on. And what part of Bastian would this Empress be? Is she Bastian's long-gone mother? His longing for love? Or... was she once the desire for a sister? If those were true, then what about Nicole? What about her mother? What about...? But there is no other girl in Bastian's life. Not in the real-- the \"human world,\" she corrects herself. She has experienced in person that this place is just as real as home. Still, the thought of Bastian being made up of all of these people, this kaleidoscope of character... What if they are all her , instead of Bastian? She feels Bastian's hand on her shoulder brings her out of her thoughts. \"Look, Nic, there it is!\" Falkor angles his flight to let them see better, and she is dazzled by its beauty. The tower is taller than any skyscraper she has ever seen, and looks more delicate than porcelain. It seems to glow from within, illuminating the wild gardens at its base. \" Whoa ,\" she says, at a loss. Bastian pats her shoulder again. \"I know.\" Falkor descends, soaring downward toward an opening in the top of the Tower. The structure approaches so quickly that she fears they will not make it through. She closes her eyes tightly and grips Falkor's fur as firmly as she can... Then the rush of wind and dizzying speed stops. Have they landed? \"You are going to create two new bald spots if you don't let go,\" Falkor jokes. She loosens her grip and opens her eyes. Everything is gleaming white, impossibly beautiful and clean. The courtyard is large and echoing, bigger than it seemed from the air. She brings her legs to the side to slide off, but Bastian is already on the glittering tiles, holding out a hand to help her down. She smiles gratefully and takes it. Rock Chewer Junior has somehow made his way up here also -- she doesn't understand how the finely-polished floors don't crack under his weight, but miraculously, they are fine. Artax waits patiently beside one of the delicate pillars. She follows Atreyu and Bastian toward an opening on one side of the court, where there is some sort of throne. Seated there, looking fragile yet wise, is a young woman. This must be the Childlike Empress. The Empress stands and holds out her hands to her stepbrother. \"Bastian!\" Her voice is breathy and light, only slightly stronger than the voice that whispered to Nicole in her dreams. He comes and takes her hands in his. \"We came as soon as we could, your Highness.\" \"I am glad,\" she says, then nods at the others. \"I did not expect so many guests, though. Only,\" she turns her limpid blue eyes on Nicole, \"one.\" Nicole swallows. \"I asked Bastian to come, to help guide me.\" Then she realizes her rudeness and curtsies awkwardly. \"Your Highness.\" \"And the others? They are here to help as well?\" \"Actually,\" Atreyu steps forward and bows. \"We were hoping you could help us .\" The Childlike Empress smiles sadly. \"I see.\" She gently lets go of Bastian's hands and seems to float forward to stand in the middle of the group. \"I desire greatly to help you, but I am in need of help first.\" \"What can we do, Empress?\" Bastian asks with eager worry. \"The Old Man of Wandering Mountain told me when last I saw him that a young person must save us again. A person who has a great, but fear-filled heart, who loves deeply but is afraid to surrender completely.\" The Empress looks straight at Nicole when she says this. \"Me?\" Nicole says uselessly -- even though she knows that she is the one who has been called, not Bastian. \"You know that it is.\" The Empress glides toward her, the jewel strand on her forehead twinkling in the light. \"Come with me, Nicole?\" She stretches out a slender-fingered hand. \"Go ahead, Nic,\" Bastian encourages her. She looks back into his eyes and sees nothing but encouragement. Nicole takes the Empress' hand, feeling more unsure of herself than ever. The Empress leads Nicole into another part of the Tower, into a more enclosed room, with a single window. It is in front of this window that they stop. \"I can see all of my kingdom from here,\" the Empress begins. \"I love it so. And though Fantasia has suffered terrible trials, we have always come back stronger than before.\" Nicole looks out over the countryside, now glowing red with the sunset. She can see what the Empress means. There are the plains they passed through, the mountains and forests far in the distance. They are difficult to see in the waning light, however; even the ruddy colors of sunset do not reach them. Nicole blinks. Maybe it isn't just nightfall. The land to the east, the direction they came, is actually grey. Only the lands toward the west and the setting sun are bright with color. \"Is it really--?\" \"Fading grey?\" the Empress answers her thought. \"Yes, it is, Nicole.\" She brings Nicole's hand, which she is still holding, close to her heart which beats beneath her embroidered bodice. \"And only you can stop it.\" Nicole's eyes slowly go wide. She is expecting to help in some way -- from what she remembers of Bastian's stories -- but not that she alone can stop it. The Empress nods, a slight tilting of her regal chin. \"You can face The Disquiet.\" \"That was...\" Nicole says, understanding dawning. \"…that was the title in the book...\" \"Tell me, Nicole. Have you felt this disquiet within you?\" \"I--\" Nicole begins, but then she knows the truth. She has felt nothing but disquiet since she arrived in Fantasia. \"Yes.\" She blinks a few times. \"The Disquiet has invaded Fantasia, hasn't it?\" \"It has. It has spread across the land, seemingly unstoppable.\" \"But I don't understand what I can do.\" \"The Disquiet came from outside Fantasia. From the human world.\" The Empress steps closer, and places a delicate hand over Nicole's heart. \"From within you.\" The Empress removes her hand and Nicole touches the spot, disbelieving. \"What?\" \"Yes. The NeverEnding Story has always been Bastian's tale… but then he met you. When you used the Auryn, this world's magic became attuned to you. And when you worked together to stop the Nasty -- you, he and Fantasia became inextricably linked.\" Nicole blinks. She never had a brother before their parents married. She has felt a connection to Bastian since the day they saved Fantasia and the human world together, but always assumed it was the feeling all siblings had for each other and their families. The Empress was now telling her this connection was something stronger. \"I can feel it, Empress.\" She looks down at the spot on her chest that she is touching. She almost can't believe how strong it is. \"Then you must also feel The Disquiet. It threatens this connection.\" She looks out toward the common area, where Bastian, Atreyu and the others are waiting. \"Will you fight it, Nicole?\" Nicole focuses on the sensation, the feeling of worry, of fear, of weakness. It has been there for months now, starting subtly at first, and then growing stronger. It has never crippled her so much that she can't function, so she has pushed it aside, shoved it deep down where it will not affect the carefree teenage girl everyone knows. The girl who should only worry about what outfit to wear that day, or whether their football team will win at homecoming, or who is going to ask her to prom. But that's the problem. That's the girl she was when she first met Bastian. And that girl is no more than a shell now. Her friends think she hasn't changed, but she has. Having a real family again, one that is loyal and caring, and having a brother -- a very special brother -- has changed her. Her mother suspects, but she doesn't say anything. Her stepfather's a sweet guy, but he's not her first choice for a confidant. Bastian, though.... She thinks Bastian already knows. He gives her a look now and again, the kind of look that makes her think she's as easy to read as one of his beloved books. But she hasn't said anything to him yet. She is afraid to give the words voice. The Empress is waiting for her answer patiently, glowing with confident innocence. The otherworldly girl touches her shoulder gently then, and Nicole suddenly crumples into her arms. \"I don't know what I'm going to do!\" she sobs. The Empress gently leads her to a delicate white wrought-iron bench and wraps an arm around Nicole. She does not say a word, only lets Nicole cry her tears of frustration and loss. The words all come out in a rush, all the things she has kept inside for months. \"High school is going to be over soon, and I have no idea what I want to do. Everyone is expecting me to go to college, but I don't know where I want to go, what I want to major in; I'm not even sure I want to go at all. Anywhere I go is going to be far from home! For most of my life it was just my mom and me. I've only just had a few short years to have a true family. Only a few years to have a real brother. I don't want to go off on my own yet! I don't want to leave B--\" Nicole stops, realizing what she is about to say. Then she finishes after a hiccupping sob, \"Bastian. I'm not ready to leave him yet.\" There it was. The thing she could hardly think, let alone say aloud. Since when did Nicole Bux break down into a sobbing mess of tears? The old Nicole would have laughed it off as unimportant, or waited until she was completely alone before she let even a single tear roll down her face. And the time she cried in front of Bastian in the pouring rain... well, that was a completely different situation, wasn't it? The Auryn's magic in the hands of the Nasties was making the world go mad. No one was themselves that night. The Childlike Empress slowly smoothes a hand over Nicole's back. She lets Nicole cry a little while longer, letting all of the turmoil flow out. Then in a quiet voice, she says, \"You must speak of this with Bastian, Nicole.\" Nicole nods numbly, not ready to leave the Childlike Empress' embrace. \"Nicole,\" the Empress says in a soft voice, \"I told you that you are the only one who can face The Disquiet...\" She reaches down and takes Nicole's hand in hers. \"But you do not have to do it alone .\" Nicole slowly raises her head and looks straight into the Empress' eyes. She sniffles once before saying, \"I know.\" \"You do,\" the Empress answers matter-of-factly. Nicole stands then, squaring her shoulders and straightening her clothes. She does not bother to do more than scrub one of her sleeves across her eyes. The only one she would worry about seeing her cry has already seen it before. Resolute, she walks back into the courtyard. Bastian sees her right away, his eyes seemingly drawn to hers. \"Nicole!\" he says with excitement. \"Did she tell you what is threatening Fantasia?\" The Empress calls Atreyu and Rock Chewer Junior to join her in her chamber, but Nicole hardly notices, nor does she acknowledge the luck dragon, curled up contentedly in one corner. She comes close to her stepbrother, and stops almost toe-to-toe with him. His eyes crinkle with a frown when he notices her puffy eyes and tear-streaked face, but he doesn't comment on it. She tilts her chin up. \"Yes. It's called The Disquiet.\" \"Is that its name this time?\" he asks earnestly. \"How do we defeat it?\" \"By giving it voice.\" She sees a sort of balcony, jutting off the side of the courtyard, and she holds out her hand, just like she did moments before they traveled to Fantasia. \"Will you come with me?\" Bastian looks puzzled, but he takes her hand. It is warm and strong -- oh, this is going to be difficult. They walk to the railing and stop. Bastian lets go of her hand again, regretfully. She looks down at her hands, resting uncomfortably on the railing, as she begins. \"Bastian, for a couple of months, I've felt this sort of... worry. We're going to graduate from high school soon, and... I don't know what I'm going to do.\" \"Nic,\" he says, and she can feel that concern in his voice, the kind that has made her love for him grow stronger every day. \"It's natural to be afraid. I don't have any idea where I want to go to college. I mean, there are so many good schools for writing, but I don't know if I have the talent to make it--\" \"That's not what I mean, Bast,\" she interrupts. She knows he 's going to be fine, he's always been stronger than the circumstances around him. \"I mean, I'll probably study business or something, and don't know if I really care which college I go to... if I go at all.\" \" If ?\" He looks more worried than she expected. \"I'll go when I go. That's not what has me worried.\" \"Then what?\" She looks up, but then out toward the lands all around them. She gestures toward the grey areas, almost completely dark now. \"You see that? That's me inside. I'm losing myself by inches to this terrible fear.\" She finally looks up at him, and forces herself to say the words. \"I'm afraid of losing you.\" His face goes through a number of expressions -- surprise, puzzlement, worry -- before settling into affection. He tries to comfort her, \"You'll never lose me, Nicole.\" \"But I will! You'll go off to one college, I'll go off to mine, we'll see each other on holidays and summer break. But it won't be the same! I'll be alone, and I won't even have Mom around.\" For the last few years, Bastian has represented unconditional acceptance, family bonds that are stronger than circumstances. If they move away from each other, will she lose that? Will they grow apart? He takes her hand again. \"We could apply to the same colleges... go together. I bet Mom and Dad would even like that.\" Her heart soars for a moment. \"You'd do that?\" \"Of course.\" She knows he means it and she wants to jump with relief... but she still feels the knot in her stomach. This isn't the answer. \"No, Bastian, you don't have to limit yourself like that. You're an amazing writer, and you have an amazing imagination. You created all of this, right?\" She takes another long glance around at the finery. \"I know I have to let you go.\" Then she wraps her arms around his waist and pulls him into a tight embrace. He sinks into her arms and she closes her eyes, trying to soak in the feeling. They rock back and forth for several minutes, and she never wants to be anywhere else. The sun goes completely below the horizon while they stand there, and the only light emanates from the Ivory Tower. It seems that even Fantasia has to tell her that the day is over. This visit to Fantasia has shown her that resisting change can cause harm. She has to trust that they won't lose their deep bond, that embracing change will strengthen both of them. Their love will continue as they grow older despite physical separation. She gently pulls back and lifts onto her toes to give him a slow, sweet kiss on the cheek. \"Goodbye, Bastian. The best of luck.\" He gives her a smile, but there are tears shining in the corners of his eyes. \"We have the rest of the year. It's not time to say goodbye yet.\" \"It is here,\" she says, and touches her heart. At that statement, something seems to shift. The walls around shine brighter; the sun inexplicably rises again in the east, even though it had just set moments before. The wild gardens below the Tower are in full bloom and the horizon almost glitters with colorful promise. Atreyu and Rock Chewer Junior walk back into the courtyard as she and Bastian are gazing at the sights outside in wonder. \"Bastian! Nicole!\" Atreyu strides toward them, his face bright with joy. \"The Empress has told me I should continue west! My destiny lies there.\" \"I stay here!\" Rock Chewer announces. \"Many tasty rocks around the valley.\" \"That's great,\" Nicole says, and gives Atreyu a quick surprise hug, and another for Junior, though she barely manages to fit her arms around his toe. \"I leave in the morning,\" Atreyu continues. \"Will the two of you join me in my journey, or will you stay here?\" Nicole and Bastian look at each other, and something just clicks. Bastian shakes his head, and Nicole turns to the Childlike Empress, who is standing a few yards away from the group, giving Falkor an ear scratch. She gives the dragon's ear a pat and then turns to the two step-siblings. \"The Disquiet has been faced?\" she asks. Nicole nods, then speaks their wish. \"We want to go home.\" The Empress nods serenely, and then reaches into a fold of her skirt. She brings out the Auryn on a fine golden chain, and sets it gently into Nicole's palm. \"You should both hold on to the Auryn and wish. It will return you safely.\" Bastian places his fingers on the other side of the medallion. \"Thank you,\" Nicole says to the Empress, who nods regally. Then, fingers touching, they chant the words in unison, \"Take us home.\" Nicole stumbles slightly as she feels the firm floor beneath her feet. The library is unchanged, though the sun shines through the windows at a slightly different angle. She looks up at the clock. Only an hour has passed in the human world. She breathes a sigh of relief; no one will be looking for them yet. \"We're home,\" Bastian whispers. \"Thanks for pointing that out, I would never have guessed,\" she teases softly, and he smiles. She glances over at the shelf where the NeverEnding Story had been, expecting to find it gone... and then gasps. \"Bast!\" She points to the spot. His eyes go wide, but he can't speak. She marvels, \"There are two .\" \"Lights out in ten minutes!\" the R.A. calls from the dorm hallway, and Nicole sighs, she doesn't want to stop reading. So she reads a little longer, she's almost at the end of the next section anyway. Quietly, she reads aloud, but not loud enough to disturb her roommate, who is working on a paper on her laptop. \" Bastian looked up at the stars and sent a silent message out to his sister. 'Sleep well, Nicole.' \" Nicole closes the book and turns out her bedside lamp. Even with Bastian hundreds of miles away, she can always take strength from his presence whenever she reads of him. As she turns over, she murmurs, \"Good night, Bastian.\" The raised Auryn on the cover glows golden before the light sends sparkles into the air and fades away. ","Summary":" Author's Notes: Written for Alixtii for Yuletide 2009. Thank you to foxtwin, myystic and zoi_no_mik"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Bastian Gets a New Mommy","Author":"harakal1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6911687","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bastian walked into the kitchen after school to find his father sitting at the kitchen table. This was unusual as Barney worked as an engineer and was usually at work still. Something was up and Bastian had a feeling he wasn't going to like it at all. He had good intuition and could tell when something was afloat. \"Hi. What are you doing home so early?\" \"We need to chat. I have some important news that I want to share with you and I want to hear how you feel about this. During lunchtime I went out and bought a ring for Jane. I want to ask her to marry me.\" Bastian's face fell. Was his dad for real? He was going to ask that woman to marry him? He wanted her to be family along with Nicole. Didn't his father understand how much he despised them? How he constantly felt like she was trying to replace his mother? Oh no, this was not going to happen. Not if he had any say in it. \"Why? Why do you want to marry her? She isn't right for you. She isn't good for you. And don't get me started on Nicole. That girl is trouble at every turn.\" \"I thought you would be happy for me. I guess I was wrong. Bastian, I love her and I want to make a life with her and Nicole and you. I want us to be a family. I want you to have a family again.\" \"I do have a family, Dad. I have you. Isn't that enough? Aren't I enough for you? Why do you need more? Why do you need a wife and step-daughter?\" \"Bastian, I am tired of being lonely. I just want to feel normal again. I want to have a wife to love. I want another child to raise. Your mother and I always talked about giving you a brother or sister. But then she got sick and it wasn't in the cards for us. Now I can fulfill those dreams.\" \"I don't care. I don't want a sister. I don't want another mother. I just want it to be the way it is. Just you and me. Why can't that be enough?\" It felt to Bastian like his whole world was falling apart. He refused to believe that this was happening. But he knew it was. And he knew his father well enough to know that once he made up his mind there was nothing Bastian could say or do that would change it. Well fine, so be it. That didn't mean he had to make it easy for his dad. He could be a real brat when he wanted to be and he was going to be one real quick. He'd make his father regret this decision. \"I won't have you marrying her. I won't, I won't! I hate her and I hate you!\" Bastian stomped his foot as he said this to his dad. And then he slammed one of the kitchen chairs into the table. \"You knock it off this minute. You are much too old to be behaving like a child. I will not tolerate temper tantrums. Go to your room!\" A few days had passed since Bastian's outburst about the news that his dad was going to remarry. He had asked Jane to marry him and much to Bastian's dismay she had said yes. Bastian still refused to accept that she would be his step-mom and that Nicole would be his step-sister. That night Jane came over for dinner. Barney could feel the tension in the room as Bastian looked at the soon to be \"new mommy\" as he had taken to calling her. She was no mother unless he used the term in the most derogatory way that he knew how. And he knew that if he voiced that out loud his dad would kick his butt. So he wisely shut his mouth. \"Where's Nicole tonight,\" Barney asked Jane. \"Oh, it was her father's weekend with her so it is just the three of us tonight. It will give us time to discuss the plans for all of our futures. I am so excited to start this next chapter with the two of you by my side.\" \"Whatever\". Bastian could not stand to hear this woman gush about the future. She was so sickening. \"Lose the attitude buddy. I will not have you being rude.\" \"Fine. I'll go set the table and leave you two alone to chat.\" Dinner that night was not how Barney envisioned it. Every time Jane asked something of Bastian or tried to engage him in conversation she was met with a stone wall of silence or an attitude. Barney's patience was wearing thin really fast. His son better shape up or he was going to be in severe trouble. \"You better start acting your age or I will treat you the way you are acting. Stop being rude and answer Jane's questions. You have better social skills than this.\" \"Why the hell should I answer her questions? She comes in here like she owns this house. This is mom's house, not hers. I don't want her here. I don't want her for a step-mom. But none of you care or give a shit about what I want.\" \"You are skating on thin ice pal. I will not tolerate that language in this house. Apologize immediately.\" \"I will do no such thing. All you care to do is screw this whore. All she cares to do is spend your money. Stop thinking with your dick and start thinking with your head. Are you that hard up for sex that you would marry anyone to have it regularly?\" \"ENOUGH!\" Barney roared. \"You are out of line. Apologize to Jane right now. I will not tolerate this behavior or these outbursts. I swear to God, if you do not start acting like the teenager that you are I will spank you like the child you are acting like. Now apologize. IMMEDIATELY!\" \"No! I have a right to say what I am thinking. She is a whore. She's divorced. Probably couldn't keep her panties on and her legs closed. You ever ask her why she is divorced. Or asked the ex? I bet the story would be nothing like the sweet lies she has told you.\" \"Why do you hate my so much, Bastian? What have I done to you to make you call me such horrible names? Why can't you be happy for the two of us? Are you that selfish that you wouldn't want your dad to be happy?\" Jane asked these questions quietly as tears rolled down her face. There was a part of Bastian that felt a little guilty for making her cry but not enough to care or stop his rant. He hated this woman down to his core and he would make sure she knew it. With any luck she would decide not to marry his dad because she didn't want to take on the responsibility of having such an out-of-control step-son. \"Shut up bitch! Stop acting like you are all innocent. You aren't. You're just trying to replace my mom and take my dad away from me. I HATE YOU!\" \"That's IT!I have had it! I told you that if you were going to act like a child I would treat you like a child. Go upstairs to your room and wait for me. I will not have you acting this way. And if I have to beat this attitude out of you, so be it.\" Bastian sat on his bed in tears waiting for his dad to say goodnight to Jane and come up to his room. He knew he had gone too far this evening but he couldn't even muster up any contrition for his actions or words. Yes, he had acted like a child throwing that tantrum. But it appeared no one cared what he wanted. He just wanted it to be like it used to be. He just wanted his mom back. Finally, he heard footsteps on the stairs as his dad made his way to his son's room. There was a light knock on the door and then the knob turned. He always wondered why his dad did that. He knocked but never waited for a response before entering. He supposed it had to do more with warning him he was entering rather than asking for permission to enter. \"Dad..I..\" \"I don't want to hear it. You were out of line and rude. I cannot even begin to imagine what has gotten into you or where you even thought you could get away with this behavior. I know your mother and I did not raise you this way. I told you if you acted like a child you would be treated like one. Well I wasn't just giving you lip service.\" All the while as Barney was saying this he had sat down on Bastian's bed. Bastian feared what was coming next. \"If you are going to be a child you shall be punished like one. Drop your pants and over my knee. You are getting a spanking for this.\" \"But Dad! I am too old for spankings.\" \"You didn't think you were too old for temper tantrums. I don't think you are too old to go across my knee. I will not repeat myself. Over my knee now.\" \"Yessir.\" Bastian dropped his pants and boxers to his ankles and lay across his father's lap. His face was beet red as the embarrassment of the situation registered in his mind. How had he gotten into this mess? He was bare bottomed over his daddy's lap like a toddler. WHACK! His dad's hand landed on his upturned bottom really hard. \"OW! That hurt.\" \"It's supposed to hurt.\" And with that statement Barney lit into Bastian's butt with all the force he could muster. He was fuming mad and he knew he probably should have calmed down before administering the punishment but he truly did not care whether he hurt his son's butt or not. Tonight Bastian had hurt the woman that he loved and truth be told, he was hurt too. Didn't Bastian understand that marrying Jane was for his advantage too? No child should grow up without a mom. And Barney knew that Jane couldn't replace Bastian's mother but she was a good substitute in her absence. The spanking went on for over ten minutes. Bastian's butt was bright red and the boy was sobbing his heart out. His father finally stopped and let him up. Bastian pulled up his clothes and tried to regain some of his dignity. \"Son, I love you a lot. I am marrying Jane because I love her. I will never love her like I loved your mom. Your mom gave you me and that is the most precious gift of all. When your mom died it felt like I was dead inside too. Each morning I dragged myself out of bed for you alone. You were my salvation and for a long time the only reason I had to live. And then one day it didn't hurt so much. I felt like I could breathe again. And I was lonely. I had you but I missed the companionship of a woman who shared my goals and hopes and dreams. I met Jane. And for the first time since I met your mother I knew that I could love someone and be with them the rest of my life. I'm not marrying her because I want to replace your mom. I am marrying her because your mother would want us to be happy and to move on.\" \"I don't want you to move on. I just want mom back and things to be the way they were. I am never going to get over her death. It eats me alive each day. I sob each night for her. I just don't understand. I don't understand why she had to go or why we can't be enough for each other. I'm your son. I should be your top priority.\" \"You are my top priority. I just want to spend my life with her. Some day you will go off to school and I would be all alone. Is this what you would want for me?\" \"I don't know. I don't want you to be alone but I don't want you to marry either. It is not Jane, per se. It is all women. I don't want you with anyone but mom.\" \"I wish that I could change all of this but I can't. This is how it is. I have made up my mind and as much as I know it hurts you I am marrying Jane. You are just going to have to come to terms with that. As for the rest of your punishment…You are going to apologize to Jane the next time you see her. You will also write her a nice letter and explain what it is that is bothering you. You are also grounded for the next month. You will not leave this house without my permission and only to go to school and necessary doctors' appointments. If you want a new book to read you better check it out of the school library. Am I making myself clear?\" \"Yes sir. I understand.\" \"Good, now get ready for bed. You have had a long night.\" After Barney left Bastian sat down gingerly on his bed and sobbed some more. His dad found him the next morning with his face in his pillow and the same clothes on from yesterday. Bastian had cried himself to sleep. Barney sighed and not for the first time in his life looked up to the sky and prayed to his dead wife to guide him in what to do. A peace washed over him and he knew it might be a long journey but things were going to work out just fine. The end ","Summary":" Bastian walked into the kitchen after school to find his father sitting at the kitchen table. This "},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Through My Eyes","Author":"Empress Moonchild of Fantasia","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5669328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: The names, people, places, etc of The NES are all owned by the late Michal Ende & Warrnor Bros. Copyright © 1984. I'm just borrowing them for fun. I do not own anything but the plotline of this fic. As I stand upon the steps of the Tower, I pause, unsure and slightly afraid of the task I am about to do. I look back, at my faithful luckdragon, my face a mask of doubt for I am about to come face-to-face with someone I have never known and I do not know what to do or say. I stand there for what seems like an endless moment, weighing my opinions. Do I go and finish what I have come to do? Or do I turn and simply walk away? Falkor's eyes shine like dark rubies and he smiles knowingly Looking at his calm face I know my answer. Tuning my battle-weary body around, I slowly mount the large, circular steps that will lead me to my fate, whatever that may be. As I pass through doors of the purest ivory, I tell myself that I am ready for anything that is in my path. Anything at all. The doors close behind me as I pass through. I feel as if I have entered a place that is more enchanted then any in Fantasia. My eyes are wide with not only disbelief but awe as well. My mouth is slightly agape and my face is pale. As for my heart, it feels as if it has nearly stopped. Am I dreaming or is all this real?... . For there directly in front of me, sitting upon a bed of ivory and silk, is a creture more beautiful then any I have known or heard of. My thoughts are awhirl. My body is nearly numb. Am I awake or not? For this is no empress.... This is someone who could be half-nymph, half-fairy. Someone one would find sitting upon a mushroom in a secluded forest glade. Or dancing among the rippling waters of a woodland stream. Her eyes, the color of the sky, though they shine like undisturbed, untroubled, jewels, are full of not only wisdom, but concern as well. Yet those same eyes manage to go right through my heart to touch my very soul. Her hair, so straight and fine, resembling chestnuts kissed ever so lightly with the slightest traces of gold, have been pulled back to reveal a delicate face with features soft as a cherub's. As our eyes meet and hold, I can sense although she is as frail as glass, her delicate body is still held perfectly straight and unafraid. It is at this moment I see this precious being not as a porcelain doll that shatters in a thousand pieces if knocked over. But as a strong, courageous ruler. One who is able to withstand the odds no matter what may happen. When I saw her smile for the first time. It was as if the heavens themselves opened up The hope reflected in those beautiful eyes shine with a light full of more warmth then the sun. That same warmth fills my lonely heart with so much joy, so much faith, I cannot even begin to explain. It was then I knew I couldn't shatter her ray of hope. I realized that from this moment on, I never wanted a day to go by where there would be no smile of true hope instituted upon her lovely face. Now all is well once again and I am back home. As I lie here in my tent, something comes clear to me. I find myself falling in love with her. I know now this is the true reason I had fought so hard to save her. It was this unknowing. hidden love embedded deep into my heart, my soul, that gave me the strength and the courage to fight the Nothing and Gmork. For it is from the very moment, if not before. I laid my gaze on her, that I became the protector of her world and now, her heart. I now privately live to serve her: Moonchild - and her alone. To somehow protect her from any and all harm if need be. I will in my own way continue to fight all evil that threatens her and our world. Even if I never - Gods forbid - see her again I will find a way to protect her, console her, and be there for her no matter what. If she were in the worst of life-or-death dangerous situation one could imagine and could not defend herself, I will gladly die for her. For from since the day we met and from this day onward, I cannot bear waking up and not seeing her beautiful face in my mind's eye. It is because I love her that I fight from my heart and nowhere else. If it comes down to me living a life without her somehow in it. I will live no life at all. For she is the other half of my soul. Without her being in my life in some way both my heart and soul are empty. She fills the dull ache in my heart that has been there since the death of my parents. Because of her, I no longer feel the empty void within me. I swear to the heavens above, I will do everything in my power to make her proud,. To show her court - and all of Fantasia if the case may be -that I am worthy of her. I will show them all that I, Atreyu - despite the fact that I am a 'mere commoner' - am better then all the noblemen in Fantasia. I swear upon Auryn itself, that I will protect her and Fantasia forevermore. I will honor her. Serve her, until the day I die. To my beautiful empress, I give my word. My life. My soul. My love. ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: The names, people, places, etc of The NES are all owned by the late Michal Ende & Warrn"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"End of All","Author":"Kay the Cricketed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4619689","Passage":"[Chapter 1] End of All By Kay Disclaimer: I don't own The Neverending Story. If anyone is willing to sell it to me, I would give my left kidney. Not much use, but very pretty. Author's Notes: Bookverse, Bastien x Atreyu implications. Just a simple drabble. I hope you enjoy! Thanks for reading! Bastien tries to explain happy endings to Atreyu, just the once. They're pressed thigh to thigh together, warmed more by their shared body heat than by the fire in front of them that laps greedily at the sky. Bastien, who has never known companionship like this—close, shared whispers in the dark, stifled laughter, attentive nodding that shifts olive-black shadows across Atreyu's face—is hardly ready to give any of it up. So he entices Atreyu from his sleep with stories of home. At first, Bastien makes them more fantastical than they are, to compete with the wondrous world around him. But soon he realizes that Atreyu finds the simplest, dullest fact to be the most fascinating. This releases something inside of him. He lets a piece of himself, his true self, fall through his fingers. At one point, Bastien jokingly adds, \"And they all lived happily ever after, the end.\" Atreyu cocks his head; like his horse, really. \"The end?\" \"Yes. That is the end of the story.\" \"Well, that can't make it very happy, now can it?\" Atreyu says, not unkindly. Bastien flushes and tries to find a way to explain. He does his best—first describing the literal traditions of storytelling back at home, to Atreyu's bewildered face. Then, when Atreyu asks, Bastien tells him that everyone wants a happy ending, really. For things to magically be all right for the rest of their lives. What Bastien doesn't say, though he feels it burn in his heart, is that he's looking for his own and may have found it, somewhere lurking in Fantasia. \"But it is the nature of things,\" Atreyu says. \"We move forward. There is no end, only the beginning of another story. Connections… we are ashes spread in dirt, I suppose, always blending in with other colors. No, Bastien. I don't understand why you would want this happily ever after.\" \"Some people,\" Bastien tells him, \"don't mind a rest. Sometimes, don't you just want to stop? So you can always feel good inside?\" Atreyu smiles faintly. In the firelight, his eyes are amber. \"I would hope, instead… That there will be more good inside, another time.\" Bastien can't imagine toiling forward forever like that, searching elusively for happiness. He can't fathom the exhaustive concept, so he turns away and moves so that his leg isn't gathering warmth from Atreyu's anymore. \"If I could,\" he murmurs, \"I would stop Fantasia here. Just now.\" Atreyu says nothing. Bastien can hear Falcor fidget around in the clearing beyond them, his great underbelly sliding in the leaves. Then Atreyu's fingertips are at his shoulder, gentle-like, restrained; they are a warrior's hands, even so young. Bastien fumbles with his breath until he can catch it and then twists around to see Atreyu's face. He has to see Atreyu's face. There is something like wisdom in it, most times, and Bastien knows his compass for right and wrong is set there, delicately placed in the shape of Atreyu's mouth. Atreyu is smiling, albeit worriedly. \"The Nothing wanted to stop Fantasia,\" he says. Bastien's cheeks would have flushed red, but he's no longer that Bastien, in that body. He shakes his head. \"Yes. No. You're right, I spoke wrong. I don't want to stop Fantasia, I want to stop you.\" \"But then,\" Atreyu tells him, \"I would not do this.\" He squeezes Bastien's wrist, thumb to flitting pulse, and doesn't let go. And Bastien, for all the wishes he'd made to AURYN thus far, can think of nothing more to want than that. ","Summary":" End of All By Kay Disclaimer: I don't own The Neverending Story. If anyone is willing to sell it to"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Beyond Imagination","Author":"iHPGeek","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3388901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] BeyondnImagination Beyond the clouds and across the sky lies a place that can only bendreamed of Mermaids and seanmonsters Dragons and knights Dungeons and castles with wizards of white This place cant be seen nor can it be found it can simply exist or it simply can not though the choice isnyours I'll leave you withnthis Its yours to imagine so do as you wish. ","Summary":" BeyondnImagination Beyond the clouds and across the sky lies a place that can only bendreamed of Me"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"The Last Chapter","Author":"LawrVert","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3433828","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ldihawk: I wrote this based on one of my favorite childhood films. Please RR and let me know good or bad. I'll reply to emails or signed reviews. Please no flames. Let me know if you want chapters instead of one chunk. Prologue: 1982 New York The grey-haired shopkeeper smiled over his shoulder at the snip of a boy running out the door barely large enough to rouse the wind chimes in a faint clanging of metal and driftwood. He knew what was missing long before he saw the empty place on the shelf. He returned to his endless volumes, fingers lightly caressing a well-worn first edition of Hugo's The Laughing Man. It was one of his favorites—his emigrant grandfather smuggled it into the country in his coat pocket. It was just as well, he thought. That boy was meant to have the book. David Oreander only hoped it would bring the boy the same joy he found years ago. Present Day: New York The old man's body jerked and he sat up. The sweat-drenched blankets clung to his frail limbs. He'd become displaced again. His mind wandered more and more now and he frequently found himself uprooted in time like a grandfather oak in a tornado. Sometimes, he dreamed the most wonderful dreams of flying through fluffy iridescent clouds the color and texture of cotton candy. Since he'd grown old, the once pleasant dreams always ended the same way—with him falling waking just before the impact. Today was Sebastian Oliver's seventy-fifth birthday. He rose and dressed, ignoring the aching in his bones and stopped to stare at his beautiful wife preserved forever twenty-two in the photograph on his nightstand. \"Good morning, Princess,\" he said softly. Fifty years he greeted her that way. Although she denied it all her life he always thought her dark eyes and long rich, red hair made her look like a fairytale princess. Even in the last days of her life when the stroke robbed her of her ability to speak, she remained beautiful to him. He made breakfast, hands shaking a little and ate in silence glancing at the dismal headlines on the morning paper. The phone rang and he answered delighted to hear his son, James voice on the phone. As an attorney with a wife and two children, James rarely had time to visit anymore so these small moments with his son brought him so much joy. \"Happy birthday, pop,\" his son exclaimed. \"Thank you. I'm so happy to hear from you. How are Karen and my grandkids? \"Oh, they're fine. J.T. just loves the last drawing you did for her. It's hanging in her bedroom.\" Sebastian smiled remembering the drawing of the dragon he created for her. After reading St. George and the Dragon, she'd cried herself to sleep when the knight delivered the final blow ending the creature's life. \"I'm glad you're well. Are you still coming to visit?\" Bastian's voice became strained with hope. A long pause followed. \"Well, dad you know I would if I could, but the firm really needs me.\" Sebastian fought to keep disappointment out of his voice. \"That's ok, son. I understand.\" Another silence followed before Sebastian broke it saying, \"I love you and Karen and the kids. Tell them thank you for the cards and the presents and tell J.T. I especially liked the drawing of the cat,\" \"She's been drawing more and more. She's just like you. Maybe she'll be an artist like you someday.\" His son sighed. \"Maybe,\" Sebastian chuckled. \"Well, dad-- I have to go. I'll try to get by next week. Maybe we can go fishing.\" Sebastian didn't have the heart to tell him the truth so he simply said, \"Sounds good, son.\" He hung up the phone and retrieved his faded leather sketchbook from the hall bookcase. He flipped through the pages revisiting the castles, fairies, monsters, and the more real pencil sketches of his wife. Hanging on the paneled walls of his living room were framed illustrations he'd done for some of the most famous children's books including quite a few written by his wife. He smiled recalling the math teacher who scolded him for drawing unicorns. For all the troubles he had, sometimes he wished desperately to be ten years old again free of the loneliness and pain of age. Most of all, he missed Fantasia that beautiful kingdom he loved as a child. As a boy, he found security in knowing that he could escape anytime he needed to just by opening the pages of the heavy leather-bound book emblazoned with the orin, the twisted golden serpents with the jeweled crimson eyes. He loved the book so much (and ran off with it so many times) that Mr. Oreander gave it to him on his twelfth birthday. In the years since his last visit, the pages of the book gradually faded until the words and illustrations became dim. The last time he visited was over forty years ago. He was going to college and he went to Fantasia to say goodbye. He regretted now that he would never have the chance to ride on the furry back of the playful Luck Dragon, Falcor again. He went to the senior center where his friend Charlie sat waiting for their chess game, but Sebastian's heart wasn't in it. He let Charlie beat him. The winter grew colder in the coming weeks and Sebastian suffered a bout of bronchitis. Forced to stay in bed, he read Treasure Island and his favorite boyhood books. He read nearly everything he had in his apartment, but one book remained unopened. He reached inside the nightstand and slowly, almost reverently withdrew the Neverending Story. His gnarled fingers traced the orin and shook a little. He took a deep breath a settled under the covers. Slowly, he opened the book to the first page and closed his eyes willing the pages to be full. He opened his eyes and gasped. Not only were the pages full, but the print was large and bright enough for his old eyes. In a tremulous voice he began to read afraid that this gift would disappear at any moment. Sadness covered the land of Fantasia. A sickness spread over the land for many years. The land and its people waited so long for the return of the human child who was no longer a child, and their land sickened. Though he did not know it he was missed. Sebastian shifted in bed feeling a pang of grief and then to no one in particular shouted, \"I'm here now. I've missed you, too. I'm sorry.\" His eyes grew heavy, but he refused to sleep. The wind howled outside his window and suddenly, he felt himself falling like Alice down the rabbit hole. He found himself deposited in a heap at the foot of what seemed a great mountain. He was still in his faded, striped pajamas and his grey hair stood up on his head. He checked for broken bones, but nothing seemed to be damaged except his pride. He looked at the sky like a vast oil painting of vivid reds and oranges and colors that don't even exist in the human world and smiled. \"I'm here!\" he shouted. The earth shook as if a vast earthquake occurred and a deep, resonant voice answered in a voice that while rough held nothing but good-natured humor. The creature grew from the mountain itself, a giant face of stone. The creature laughed shaking the earth. \"Rockbiter!\" Sebastian exclaimed. \"Human child, I am glad you returned. Fantasia is lost without you. The land is sick and between you and me, there's a shortage of good, strong rocks.\" He climbed closer to rest between one of the creatures massive toes. I never stopped believing, old friend.\" \"There are others who want to see you,\" said the creature. \"The Empress herself sent Atreu to find you. You must meet them.\" Sebastian sighed. \"I need to rest a moment. I am an old man.\" \"Human child,\" the Rockbiter growled. \"I am not a child.\" Sebastian replied. \"Human child,\" the creature repeated. \"You are tickling my toes.\" \"Oh,\" Sebastian replied. \"I will try.\" He followed the road taking in the clean, crisp air feeling his lungs begin to clear in the elysian morning. He continued on his journey until he reached a strange hut with a sweet-smelling smoke billowing from the chimney. Out of it stepped or rather glided a rather strange creature resembling a great bat. It was followed by a little man in a top hat riding a racing snail. \"Hello, there,\" he said. \"I remember you—you're friends of the Rockbiter.\" The bat creature snarled. \"Whatever you're selling we don't want any.\" The man in the top hat said. \"Don't you remember? It's the human child—the one who saved our land from the nothing.\" He inclined his head stiffly and smiled. \"Are you blind? He's no child,\" the bat creature said flexing his sinewy wings. \"I am Bastian Oliver—the same human child. It's been a long time.\" The bat creature sniffed the air and bowed low. \"Welcome, Bastian. Please share our fire.\" \"I have only a moment. I must see the Empress before I go.\" \"She's been waiting for you.\" The man replied and scratched the head of his racing snail. \"Is she ill?\" Bastian said suddenly worried. \"Not like when you were here the first time. She's just sad and when the Empress is sad the land suffers.\" The other replied. \"Since you've been back everything's already beginning to grow again.\" The bat creature added. \"Thank you, friends, but I must be going.\" He started off again on the road passing twisting forests and deep, jagged canyons. He'd lost track of time, and somewhere in the back of his mind he knew he should be getting home, but there were still things unfinished. The terrain changed. The rugged mountains dissolved into flat plains of dancing grasses. In the distance, he could see smoke dancing from what looked like many teepees. A bird flew high in the sky, darted low above his head and arose again, brilliant blue feathers glinting in the sun. He heard distant thunder and saw specks on the horizon that looked like horses—Purple horses. No. Massive horned creatures larger than cows ran towards him in a massive stampede. Buffalo. Purple buffalo. He stood rooted in awe and terror. This was Atreu's land. They drew closer and still he could not move. Suddenly, a streak of white shot from the midst of the purple siege and came to half drag him onto the back of a horse. His legs dangled nearly to the ground on one side of the horse's back. They came to rest outside a modest village where men and women with bronzed skin and dark hair and eyes gazed at him with mild curiosity. He slumped to the ground and his rescuer patted his spotted horse before turning to stare at him with amusement in his eyes. The child warrior knelt beside him and reached out a hand to touch his wrinkled brow inquisitively. \"I've missed you, Bastian.\" \"No one's called me that in a long, long time,\" he whispered. The child warrior reached out a hand to tentatively touch his wrinkled forehead. \"What happened to you?\" \"I got old, Atreu. It's been a long time.\" \"Not too long here in Fantasia,\" the boy said. Sebastian stared at the child. \"You're exactly the same as I remembered.\" \"Of course I am. When you left I went back to hunting the Purple buffalo with my people. It was still pretty lonely here without you.\" Atreu sat across from him. He still wore the orin around his neck. Atreu saw him staring and handed it to him. \"Here. Take it. The Empress would want you to have it. You saved our land more than once.\" \"Thank you.\" Bastian slipped the talisman around his neck. \"What does a warrior need with it anyway,\" Atreu laughed. \"It never really brought me much protection. \"Can you take me to the Empress?\" \"I can't go with you to the ivory tower. It's a journey you must make on your own, but I can take you as far as the Swamps of Sadness.\" \"I need to rest.\" \"Alright, the boy replied impatiently, but we leave tomorrow morning.\" Bastian slept in a teepee on soft furs—the best sleep he'd had in a long time. In the morning he was afraid to open his eyes thinking everything would disappear around him and he'd once again be alone and frail. Someone slid the flap on the teepee aside and called impatiently. \"Bastian—time to get up!\" He rose to find that soft skin breeches and a tunic had been placed outside his door. He dressed and greeted the morning sun. Atreu sat eating at a cheery campfire surrounded by other members of the tribe all young and healthy and none of them appearing out of their twenties. He smiled when he saw his old friend. \"Now—you look like a warrior, Bastian.\" They ate talking of their adventures joyfully. Atreu helped Bastian to his feet and helped him to climb onto Artex's back while he led the horse to the edge of the swamp. The horse reared in fear. \"Shhh, Artex. I lost you once to the Swamp. I won't take that chance again.\" Bastian eased off the horse and awkwardly patted Atreu on the back. \"Thank you.\" \"Be careful. Remember let yourself be trapped by the sadness.\" Bastian raised a hand as Atreu mounted his horse and turned to leave. Bastian filled his mind with images of Fantasia and how happy he was to be there as he took the first few steps. He thought of the beautiful illustrations it had inspired and the letters he received from children about his books. He balanced carefully on a rock making sure to always have a vine or tree branch to hold onto. The mud was up to his calves here and very thick but the land had given him new energy so he was able to trudge on. He thought of his granddaughter J.T.—Jennifer Therese and the new baby Malcolm. He remembered how happy she was when he used to read to her. He was about half way there. The mud was up to his waist and very thick. He thought suddenly that Anne would have loved Fantasia and wished he could share it with her. His foot slipped on the rock he balanced on and he sunk to his chest in the sludge. He thought of how beautiful she looked on their wedding day only twenty-four years old. He reached for a vine and managed to step onto a high rock. The shore was in sight. Almost there. He thought of her sick and pregnant in the middle of winter and driving two hours to find a florist to bring her red roses. Just another few steps. Then, his mind drifted to the end when he stood crying by her bed begging her for just one more day. He fell up to his neck in the mud with only a vine keeping him from drowning. \"Hello—\" he called. There was no answer only his own breathing. He thought of his grown son and how old and frail he was and the horrible cruelty of life. His grip on the vine was slipping and the mud thickened paralyzing him. His hand slipped from the vine and he clawed at the air waiting for the swamp to claim him. As the mud crawled up his neck, he felt a current of air brush by his hand and something pulling him until he was released from the swamp with a plop. He reflexively screamed as he saw the swamp grow small below him. Clutched in the paws of the luck dragon, he soared far above the ground into the clouds of his dreams. \"Falcor?\" \"You're luck hasn't run out yet, Bastian.\" The dragon laughed his whiskers twitching and lifted him in a single paw to rest on his back. Bastian felt a little foolish, but he stretched out his neck and rested his head in the dragon's fur. He reached out a hand and scratched behind the dragon's ear causing him to rumble in contentment. He sat up feeling the wind blowing through his hair, stretching out his arms. \"You saved my life.\" \"Of course I did.\" The dragon seemed almost annoyed, but then his wide grin reappeared. \"Can you take me to the Ivory Tower?\" \"Yes.\" The dragon replied. \"And Falcor…Could you fly a little higher?\" The stars shone upon them, turning Falcor's fur silver in the moonlight. Bastian was almost asleep by the time they landed atop the steps of the Ivory tower. It spires rose iridescent in the night. As he ascended the steps to the throne, he passed a series of old friends great tree-like creatures. Feathered half-bird-half beasts, men with faces resembling harlequin masks and some with many faces or none at all gathered in the outer chamber. Creatures that were tiny stood beside those tall enough to bump their heads on the palace ceiling. The throne was empty. The Empress was in her chambers. He knocked on a set of gilded doors emblazoned with a great tree. The doors parted to reveal a room where resting on a dais was the childlike empress. She rose to greet him staring with surprise and then joy. She ran to him and embraced him although her arms barely reached his chest. She stepped back. She was as he remembered regal and noble with a face that was unimaginably old and eyes that were centuries old. \"We hoped you'd come back.\" \"I wanted to…but there was Anne and the kids and I tried to come back but the book wouldn't let me.\" \"You are always welcome in Fantasia.\" She smiled, her eyes shining. \"The words, they faded.\" Bastian's eyes were beginning to fill with tears. \"They faded because as you grew older you stopped believing.\" \"I went to work writing stories for children and I was happy. I met a beautiful girl named Anne and we married.\" He stopped and turned away from the Empress. \"I don't know why I'm telling you this. You probably don't understand anyway.\" \"It is your story and your story is the same as ours, Bastian.\" \"Anne got sick and she died last year. I'm old and sick and I'm so alone.\" Tears were streaming down his face now and he sank to the floor. He felt the Empress place her small hand on his shoulder. \"You were never alone, Bastian. Just as you were with us, we were with you.\" \"All those years?\" \"Every minute,\" she replied. He studied the intricate pattern of the tiles again. \"I will have to go home…won't I?\" She was silent and then spoke very softly. \"I called you here to stay this time. I have ruled Fantasia for a very, very long time and though I look young…I am tired.\" \"What are you asking?\" \"Rule my kingdom justly and fairly. You have the power to create anything you desire in the land all you have to do is remember. You restored my kingdom once with only a single grain of sand.\" He met her eyes and briefly smiled. \"I remember. His eyes darkened then. \"But I have to go back home.\" She smiled sadly at him. \"I'm afraid that is impossible. In the human world, your body gave out and you…\" She looked away. He stood and backed away from her. \"I..I'm dead.\" \"Yes. I am sorry, Bastian, but you're story will live forever and because your story lives so do you.\" He turned away. \"But even here I won't have her.\" He shut his eyes against the thought. \"Turn around, Bastian.\" The Empress ordered. He spun to face her and suddenly he found himself in the throne room where there were now two resplendent thrones. Standing in front of one of them was Anne appearing the way she had when they first met. She wore a rich emerald dress that left her arms bare. Her long red hair was adorned with pearls and gemstones and flowed freely down her back. She wore a thin tiara with a single glimmering stone set in the center. He shut his eyes again and opened them. She was still there. He ran to her and fell into her arms sobbing. \"I missed you so much.\" His wife smoothed his hair and lifted his chin. \"I know. I'm here now and I'll never leave you.\" He raised his hand to wipe his eye and found it smooth. He touched his face and felt only smooth, unblemished skin. He turned to face the Empress who was now dressed in a simple brown dress and blue traveling cloak. Her dark hair was unbound and she no longer wore the tiara. \"How did you….\" Bastian started. \"It was you who brought her here, Bastian.\" She approached and bowed to both of them. \"Take care of my kingdom.\" The throne room was now filled with subjects. Atreu and the Rockbiter and all the creatures of the land gathered. \"Long live the king and queen of Fantasia.\" THE END ","Summary":" Ldihawk: I wrote this based on one of my favorite childhood films. Please RR and let me know good o"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Interactive Rock Fiction Dog","Author":"The Outrageous Moose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13001505","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Intro:Welcome to Interactive Rock Fiction Dog. The prologue of this story takes place in a isolated town next to snow as white as fleece and evergreen grass surrounding it away. Try imagining that and a black sky covered in a haining into an orange sunrise. See that?That mountain over there? Glorious, isn't it? The sheep that settled there call it Snow Mountain. The mastiffs protect the villages in these parts. It's a duty their kind has honored for generations. The current protector is Khampa, with his long hair, strong muscles and stern attitude. As for the little fuzz all hiding in his hair, well that's Bodi, and he's gonna be the hero in the main story. He may not look like much considering he's still a pup, but just you wait. Right now, it is time for the prologue. Khampa will take the hero role. If you want you can skip the prologue but some parts of the plot might not make sense so I'd recommend staying. Then again, you may already know what's happening and just want to play it again without the prologue. Either way your options are down bellow. Just head to the place that matches the number you want. Go to Prolouge:Prolouge 1 Go to main game:001 Wait, who is even narrating this right now?:Prolouge 4 Prolouge 1: All right. You are Khampa, current protector of Snow Mountain and the closet thing to a leader they have. It's a simple life up here:make wool, make music. That song they're playing, it's the only one they know. To me...it's a paradise, and the city I came from is now a distant memory. For you though, its your home and the only one that you know. You were born, raised, educated, trained to protect, fell in love, married and never left here. Right now though you're raising a son to be just like you. You and I both that know there's even trouble in paradise, and where sheep are found there's usually a wolf nearby. Wolves!?:Prologue 2 Prologue 2: Yes, wolves. All of the sudden you hear a howl from the mouton perk nearby. Speak of the devil. Lead by the corrupt and cannibalistic Linnux, this pact consists of lean mean eating machines. What's the the meal they love the most? It's none other than lamb chomps. Luckily since you, your son and I are not lambs they aren't in the mood for us. But you are the protector and that make you their enemy, which is fine because they are your enemies, and you should probably still be on the run. The catastrophe begins with two wolves running past a sheep playing a song. The two bump into each other but the music is too loud the sheep ignores it. You can't ignore 2 other sheep running in panic from two other wolves though and soon the panic spreads throughout the village starts to become controlled by fear. Luckily I've got this guitar which can be used to fend myself from the wolves but it won't work forever. Well as long as the entire village doesn't come running towards me I should be... \"AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!\" ...Darn it. Hey Khampa? Could you help out a little bit. The sheep ran towards me and so did the wolves. Right now I'm cornered by hungry maniacs while kind of in the middle of not only fending myself but also the majority of the village. If the wolves get any closer they'll eat me and, as I mentioned, the majority of the sheep who haven't fled the village by now. It is my sworn duty as protector of Snow Mountain to protect the village!:Prologue 5 I bet the wolves killed my wife/husband/romantic partner/ romantic partners. I'll fight them!:Prologue 6 How about I just leave this insane village with Bodi at hand?:Prolouge 3 Prologue 3: WHAT? Khampa , I am disappointed in you. Abandoning the village like that just for the sake of your son. \"Look,\" you say \"Let me phrase it a diffrent way, you know the trolley riddle where you have to choose to kill either 5 complete strangers or someone close by not pulling a nearby lever or someone you love by pulling said lever?\" Yes, I do know that so why- \"Because I'm not gonna pull the lever! Bodi's the person I care about most and if he dies while I try to protect this place that I'm not even sure has a proper democracy.\" But if you pull the lever then you aren't responsible for the demise of Snow Mountain! \"...blood is thicker than water.\" THAT IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO LET INNOCENT SHEEP D- \"*gulp* What do ya know, Yak is just as good as sheep, and up next I think we should try doggie kibble, made with real dogs!\"-Linux, who proceeded to do just that. Congratulations! You killed an entire village just so you could protect yourself and your son but you and him also died so it was completely useless. THE END:The Worst Solution to The Trolley Riddle Prologue 4: Oh right I'm Fleetwood Yak and I'll be the narrator for the prologue. \"Fweetwood\" says Bodi. You are disappointed. He still has no idea how to say dada yet can somehow say Fleetwood almost perfectly (Minus the \"l\" part) and that makes you disappointed. Continue the the real prologue, very disappointed:Prolouge 1 Like Fleetwood Mac?:Prologue 11 Prologue 5: You jump out of nowhere, Bodi protected only your back and over a dozen sheep with a yak protected behind you. The wolves are a bit nervous now because of how buff you are and I'm relieved now because of your bluffness. You growl at them increase your dominance. They probably expected you to do that so they aren't fazed as much. What don't expect is your secret weapon... Deadly Mastiff Paw Kick some Wolf Butt:Prolouge 7 Hehehehahahaha, Wha-? Ho ho, that's the stupidest name I've ever heard:Prolouge 8 Prologue 6: They didn't, your wife/husband/romantic partner/romantic partner died in a non-murder way too . However since you already said yes to fighting those wolves it's to late to turn back now. Ok...Let's fight!:Prologue 5 Prologue 7: Deadly Mastiff Paw, born from a fire from within and keeps living when you let the fire go. You make a peace sign with 4 fingers knocking out one of the wolves. Then you do a paradoy of that one cartoon you saw once creating a fireball in the process blasting a second wolf into outer space. You then run to the rest of the pack, including Linuux, who managed to catch a sheep they wanted for diner. The sheep felt like eating the grapes to his side...or her side...or whatever gender they are. However the sight of Linnux made him cover himself up with the plate cover. Two other wolves try to attack from opposing sides but you hit them both. You jump and knock out 3 more. The sheep cheer at you while Linnux prepares for the final fight. (Did I mention all of this is with a baby on born?) You growl at Linnux and he growls back and he runs twoards you to attack. Two of the ways result in him getting knocked out, but how can you as the reader figure them out. Wait for him to get close enough then activate Deadly Mastiff Paw!:Prologue 9 Wait for him to get close enough then Punch Him in the Face!: Prologue 9 Wait for him to punch you first, I want a fair duel:Prolouge 13 Prologue 8: Yes, yes, it's a terrible name I know. However, you have no other names and neither do I. So we're calling it Deadly Mastiff Paw and that's final. Okay? Okay. Fight!:Prologue 7 Prologue 9: You do that he blasts off into the depths of the unknown, but probably in space. The village celebrates, except me who's busy narrating and you who feels exhausted after that duel. Linux and his gang were whooped so bad we were all sure they were gone for good...except you. See, you figured otherwise due to that the technology the wolves have is more stronger than yours and the fact that 2 of the wolf members, Riff & Skozz, were no were to be seen in battle. Plus, there's a chance Linnux may not be in space and if he is he may not die there. What do you do? Create an Army which may or may not be based on a fetish you, as Khampa, have:Prolouge 12 Send spies on them and have them report their technology which you can copy:Prolouge 10 Talk to Fleetwood Yak about something that's been on your mind:Prolouge 15 Prologue 10: You decide the best way to prevent incidents like this from happening again is to create a plan that sends sheep to the village in wolf disguises to go spy on the wolves. Once they come back you will ask each sheep what they saw and they will describe or draw it to the best of their ability so you can create a wool version of the device that functions the exact same way. Sometimes they will even bring back the technology that they are talking about and you get a perfect wool copy of it. Now I know what your'e thinking, wool is definitely weaker than the material they have to make their weapons. However, the wolves fear the quantity over quality. You see, wool is also much faster to change shape with and there are a lot more sheep than there are wolves. Plus sometimes I help make the weapons too. Another reason this is a good idea the wolves also have zero idea how you are getting their technology which causes a distrust between all the wolves in the gang. Eventually all of them turn on each other and naturally tear each other into pieces. Go figure, you didn't even have to fire them once or use Deadly Mastiff Paw again. Go you. THE END:Spies in Wolves Clothing Prologue 11: Fleetwood who now? Listen, I'm the only Fleetwood outside of my parents whose names are Fleetwood Jack and Pat. There's no Mac in my family that I know off. Then again, you've got bigger issues then my name right now Khampa. Wolves. Wolves!?:Prolouge 2 Prologue 12: You decide that you can't risk the wolves coming back in into the village, regardless of who's in control of them by the time this battle is over. So you build an army, made out sheep. However you put the sheep in armor that looks like you but with shorter hair. Honestly it's more like what we city folk would call \"Mascots\" and I think it might be based on a fetish you have but I don't bring it up. You also begin training Bodi in figuring out how to activate Deadly Mastiff Paw hoping that he'll learn it someday too. However he doesn't seem to focus a lot and gets distracted easily. One day he gets distracted to see a jam session of the only song they know and you follow him, only to see him trying to play a guitar and not focusing on training. With a stern look on your face you ask him to give him the guitar, which he does, then you... Ban Music form the Village, it's a distraction and we have to be viligant :Prologue 17 Try Playing the Guitar yourself, it seems like fun and I want my son happiness:Prolouge 14 Wonder if Fleetwood Yak if he knows any other songs:Prolouge 15 Prologue 13: You do that and SURPRISE, he bites you. It hurst so bad that you start to bleed from the bite marks and it's clear your'e not gonna make it. So with your last living breath you go tell the sheep to run away from this place before Linnux eats you and tell me to take care of Bodi. Eventually you lose all your blood and die. Bodi runs away as fast as he can before he trips. I do the honors of picking it up and getting as many sheep as I can out in the village. There are a few losses and we hold a funeral. A few days later I adopt him as my own son and together we keep running until we reach an island where we are certain no wolf will look for us, and I'm not even gonna tell you what it is in the book so we don't risk it. THE END:Runaway to [REDACTED] Island. Prologue 14: Well this is a surprising turn of events, but a welcomed change for sure. Instead of being upset you decide that maybe you should teach him how to play that guitar, despite the fact that the only song you know how to play is the song that only the sheep know. You don't care that's the case though because Bodi seems happy & that makes you happy which makes me happy and the happiness spreads throughout the village like a virus, but a good one. Infact your music spreads thorought everywhere and it soon causes everyone in the world to be happy simply by having teaching Bodi the only song the village knows, infact everyone in the joins in on it. And by everyone, I mean the entire world! THE END:The Only Song the World Knows Prologue 15:\"YAK\" you yell at me. What is it? \"Do you know other songs besides the one that they keep on playing?...Wait that's a stupid question, you were a song writer before you came here.\" Why yes I was. I know a few songs actually. Why do ask? \"I'm just getting annoyed at hearing that song over and over\" you jest. \"Do you have a list on you by any chance?\" Sure, I bet some people still even listen to these songs to this. To play Ewe make loving fun go to:Prolouge 16 To play Goat Your Own Way go to: Prolouge 16 To play Oh Wombat go to:Prolouge 16 To play Gold Dust Retriever: Prolouge 16 To play any other song I made that isn't an animal pun go to:Prolouge 16 None of these are good songs! I'm going to ban music. It's a distraction and we have to be viligant :Prolouge 17 Your'e right about that Yak! I'm Hopps and I have it on my zPod music player! Head over to Choicetopia & find the right choice to play as me choosing the option of listening to the music! Either that or you can just read it from the beginning Oh! Since we are promoting series I'm Buster Moon and I've got a choose my own adventure story that connects to those other 2 stories too. This one is called Sing your own Adventure and you should check it out if your'e in the mood for it. Prologue 16: I play the song that you choose and the sheep take note on how to play it. I then play a second original song, and then another one, and I keep playing until I'm positive that I've played every song I've ever written before I came here. The sheep wanna hear them all again and I can't complain to that sl I do that and they take notes on how to play it. Once I get done playing them again the entire village, including you and Bodi, learn how to play the songs. It takes a few weeks, actually make that months before you and the village can successfully play almost every song almost perfectly but before I know it you do it and so do we. THE END:Fleetwood Mac-Live Concert in Concert! Prologue 17: Well that was the end of music in the village. You said that it was a distraction and that we had to vigilant. So you get rid of all the instruments that we had and lock them away behind a door in the middle of nowhere. No one is happy with this outcome. You are mad because the village isn't as tough as you want and your madness makes me mad because now I can't play any of my songs. My madness is soon turned into sadness to see Bodi crying because he wanted to play music like me. & your'e sad cause he's sad and I'm sad that your'e sad And the sheep are sad because they liked music. The sadness was like a virus when the villagers are told the news. But after hours of crying...well things got a lot quite around here for way longer than that... Until One Day,...:001 001:Allright, You are now Bodi. You've grown up during a lot from many many many years of music being banned. You still miss it as does the rest of the village who are still alive and were alive when it was still around but your dad says \"Keep Quiet, Watch Out, Stay Vigilant\" which means no music, be careful and...you don't know what the last one means. Regardless you can't defy your father's orders and don't say anything about it to him. You haven't mastered Deadly Mastiff Paw yet which is really starting to make Khampa angry especially with the wolves possibly still watching and waiting for a chance to eat. You haven't left the village yet so you have no idea what the situation is with them but the fear is still strong. That's why they still have that army thing going on, they even have a new time slot thing for the sheep so that they can switch positions. There was an oil leak in it 2 days ago and you fixed without your dad telling you, but he doesn't know that. All you think he knows is that the wolves are evil & we have to protect them. Right now your'e trying to use the gaps between the doors to play some sort of instrument. There's a stick in your domminant paw and it's successfully managed strum your old guitar, beat a type of drum and bang a gong causing it to roar. It's a hard task and it takes a bit of damage to your arm but to hear music again is kind of nice to hear the instruments again. \"It's too bad they have to be locked up like that.\" you think out loud. That's for sure. You turn around and then bark \"Wait, Fleetwood have you been narrating my actions while I was doing that to me.\" The better question is...WHY WEREN'T YOU AT ELF PRATICE? \" Haha...that's kind of funny actually. I'm glad that at least memes are still a-okay.\" Yeah...but seriously don't you have to be somewhere? \"Am I?...Oh! Oh yeah right, see you later Fleetwood!\" You then run off to the destination where you need to be, waving to me as you go and then...Well I think that I've done enough narrating for now. Someone else outside this world will narrate this story of Bodi and a few others, a third person luminescent narrator if you will. You and me will check later in the story though okay? Until then, see you around. See you again too Fleetwood, time to go meet the new narrator!:002[Chapter 2] 002:Hi there! It's nice to meet you! So I'm your new narrator and you are...you are Bodi right? Right! I'm Bodi the son of Khampa and the village guardian. It's nice to meet you:004 003:Okay so you walk to the village, there's a lot buildings there and a lot of signs about wolf propaganda that some artists in the village worked on. Their names aren't important at the moment, but was is important is that you go do what you were going to do, which for some reason involves waving hi to some sheep in the progress, either because you'll be executed if you don't or your'e just polite either which is fine by me. You first wave to two sheep you see who seem to have vandalized one of the poster, adding a mustache to the wolf. Next you head to Floyd's barbershop hitting that weird pole thing causing it to spin. Once inside you say hey to Flyod who is currently giving a sheep in a red outfit a haircut. \"Oh hey there Bodi\" he responds. Another sheep in a green outfit also says hey as you go down a slide. That's right, Floyd's barbershop has a slide! Say Wheeeee!:005 Don't say anything, I just wanna get to the bottom of the slide:006 004:Phew! That's good news. Also it's nice to meet you too. But enough about me, this is your story! I hope I do a good job narrating it...I mean you do make a couple of choice but this story is m-mostly me talking and the outcome being my voice. NOT THAT I'M SAYING YOU DON'T HAVE ANY IMPORTANCE, Intact you have way more improtance than I do...you know what? Let's just finnish this section of the story. Yeah, I think that would be best Mr./Ms./Mrs./Mx. Narrator:003 005:\"WHEEEEEEEEEE!\" you say happily while heading down until you land in a pile of wool. Well the ride is over now, get out of the wool:006 No, stay in here a little longer. It feels so fluffy, I may just spend the rest of my life in here:012 006:You get out of the pile of wool, and once you look up you look at the wool store. Yep, the barbershop has a passage way by slide that leads to the store that provides the clothes of the sheep. At first the sheep that work there are confused to see moving wool but once they realize it's you they're calmed down. Did I mention your'e pretty popular among the sheep here? You strum a little bit of blue, red and green strands as if they were a guitar. Strum again, it's not like dad will know:007 No time for that, you need to go pick up 8 sheep so we can disguise them as dogs.:009 007:You do it again, thinking that dad won't notice that your'e a little bit late today and won't connect it to strumming some will. However, a chain reaction happens and the strings break into pieces with a loud snap. The noise causes a sheep in a blue outfit to jump up and land on the ground with a very loud thump which causes all the other sheep to fall off their seats causing an even larger noise to come and after tons of events happening after one another like a chain, the whole villager collapses. Yeah, I think your dad is gonna notice that. THE END:Chain Reactions are the worst 008:They were never seen again...until they time traveled back to 1966 where they resurfaced under a diffrent name in Phoenix, Arizona Ok then! Time to go see my dad!:011 009:Oh so that's what your'e doing! Thanks for telling me. See I don't have Fleetwood's knowledge and he didn't inform me about what's going on in this book so...it's nice that your'e trying to help. \"No problem Miss/missus/Mister narrator\" you respond knowing that you can imagine my voice however you want. You decide to go pick up a few other sheep looking at the knitted goods store and wave at 2 sheep it despite neither of them waving back. When you turn around, a sheep comes out wearing a recently made yellow shirt, brown shirt and purple hat combo to see another sheep wearing the exact same outfit. Nothing this they celebrating in the form of saying \"TWINSIES!\" You don't notice this as you are knocking on the door of the first sheep you need to pick up who has matching a color hat & shirt, green to be exact, and you go tell him that it's time for him to put on a dog costumes. You do this 7 more times for 7 other sheep including a sheep with red hat & navy blue shirt, a sheep with a maroon color shirt & hat, a sheep with a light blue shirt & a regular blue hat, a sheep with a blue hat & shirt that match, a sheep with a orange hat & a yellow shirt, a sheep with a matching red hat & shirt and Carl (blue hat, cyan shirt). With the flock all gathered together you head over to the edge of the village. Before you get there you notice three sheep who are flying their kites & you wave to them. However one of the sheep wearing a red shirt weight has become to light to stay on the ground and like the kite they start to fly, but they seem fairly happy about and as such they scream in excitement. Up ahead is a bridge Cross the bridge:010 010:You walk across the bridge and I'd like to do a zoom out to show you the beauty of snow mountain. There's green grass, lots of rocks, waterfalls and snow on top of the mountains, thus giving it the name. Ironically there's no snow in the village and Yyou have no idea why you simply named it due to that reason. You watch the sheep in red fly by and smile at him because he's happy and that makes you happy. Happiness spreads like wildfire in this here village and that sheep appears to be the source of it. You keep staring until you reach the other side of the bridge and they vanish far into the sky. Hey, what happened to them exactly?:008 Well no more time to waste! Dad is waiting for me:011 011:Right! You and the 8 sheep following you pass by your home but pay no attention to it because your main destination, the preparation room, is ahead of you. Right now 8 sheep in dogs are currently guarding the place not moving an inch. Your dad on the other hand is marching left and right and stops when he sees you. \"Fall in\" he says, causing the sheep in dogs to do various things. He then commands them to follow the mastiff in front of them, which is him & they do just that. Go pull the ol' switchero:013 012:You decide to stay in there a little longer, & by that I mean a lot longer. You stay in there the whole day, the whole night, the day after that, the night after that and so on. The sheep don't notice because they are the dumbest sheep around and when they finally notice it isn't until a week later. By then all the sheep in the place you were supposed to go have died out and you died as well. The reason is because you didn't drink water for a whole week, that causes dehydration which ultimately leads to death. It was worth it though for as you said it was so fluffy, you wanted to spend the rest of your life in it. That is exactly you did and that is all that matters. THE END:Died the Fluffy Way you Wanted 013:Your dad opens the door on one side of the preparation room, which is also a changing room, and the sheep that are disguised as mastiffs go inside, some bumping into each other and immediately apologizing. He then proceeds to tell you that you are late, again. You apologize to your dad and open the door at the opposite side of the building. You hold it open for the sheep that aren't in disguises and they each get put their slip in the time slot while pushing the lever down. A bell dings when ever this happens. The sheep that are in the dog armor, who we'll call sentries from this point onward, leave the gigantic mastiff suits that they were assigned to, with a little bit of help from you of course. You also help the sheep that are supposed to get into suits at this time into them. Neither of these jobs are an easy task because some of the suits are really dusty, the only step the sheep know how to do is get into the body suit, you have to tell them to hold still which is very hard with their amount of energy, they like to use with other body parts in ways they shouldn't &...they are probably the dumbest sheep in the world. Wait, what do you mean by diffrent ways to use the body parts:014 Finnish the job:015 Make a remark about them horsing around:016 014:I mean like they use them for sword fights and the bodies like pogo sticks. I DO NOT MEAN LIKE THEY USE THEM FOR PURPOSES TO EXPLIT TO STATE IN AN TEEN RATED BOOK BUT IT'S CLEAR YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN. I was just curious:015 Make a remark about them horsing around:016 015:Eventually the sheep settle down and get into the costumes. You count the suits to see how many are in there & see if it matches with the number you need (8). However, you notice that there is one less then the necessary number (7). Volunteer to be the replacement of the missing one!:019 Call out the one who's missing:018 Call out the one who's missing in the fanciest language you know :017 Yell out \"EDDIE\" to the stars and then see what happens:021 016:You make a remark about them horsing around and tell you to quit. Since the sheep do not think they are talking to you since you used \"horsing around\" and since act like literal children they do not listen. On the plus side if you ever have a kid in the future you at least know how to handle them. Parenthood skill increased by 1+:015 017:\"O Carl, O Carl, where art tho Carl?\" you speak, holding your hand out in front of you. \"I wanteth to deny mine own fath'r and refuse my name, so i can singeth once again on this mountain. But instead i waiteth f'r carl to cometh w're ev'r that gent may beest. Wilt fate beest this cruel?.\" you bow your hand down \"..Then again, i am the one who is responsible f'r it. Hadst I not been distract'd by the sweet soundeth of the fusty guitar, but instead did stay to releaseth the flames within myself i wouldst not beest in this situation. Forsooth, I, lacking valor in the eyes of mine own father shouldst want t in all village eyes. Which leads me backeth to Carl the Villag'r. Wh're is that gent?\" Carl finally comes from out of the shower. He, along with the rest of the sheep, clap their in applause! \"Hey!\" he says holding on to his shirt towel. Get him in the suit:023 Wait. Carl was in the shower this whole time?:022 018:\"Where's Carl?\" you ask. He comes wearing a bath hat on his head and a towel of matching color for a shirt. \"Hey\" he says holding on to his shirt towel. Get him in the suit:023 Wait. Carl was in the shower this whole time?:022 019:You volunteer to be the one in the 8th costume for the day. Your dad says that you cannot be the 8th guard and that you should go find the guard who is missing. Say please, with puppy dog eyes:020 Call out the one who's missing:018 Call out the one who's missing in the fanciest language you know :017 Yell out \"EDDIE\" to the sk and then see what happens:021 020:You say please and you even add a few puppy dog eyes for good measure. Thanks to that combo dad says it's okay. So you put on the costume. First you step into the legs, which is surprisingly odd that the sheep are unable to master. Then you drag the body suit over your head and stop once they reach the legs and close up the lid. You then say to no one that your vision is limited and the sheep show the limits of your vision to none one in particular. Your dad then attaches the arms of the suit to the body and speaks to nobody as well the difference between the right arm and the left one. Finally one sheep shows your head and you say that it's the last thing to come on due to it being the most likley to get hurt. Congratulations! You (as Bodi) have done a suit up video with at least 16 other people including your dad and you (as the reader) had to read said suit up video. THE END:How to Put on a Mastiff Sentry Costume. ( other villagers & My Dad) 021:Okay you yell \"EDDIE\" all the way up to the sky unsure of what will happen. Honestly, I'm not sure either. Anything could happen really. I mean, anything besides Eddie Noodleman running over all the way from his city all the way to the village simply because he somehow heard a yell all the way from where ever he was and wondered if he should hurry over to that location where the noise is. That is going to be impossible my friend you may as well be asking for pigs to fly. Neither of those are gonna happen unless the pig uses a catapult and Eddie somehow has super hea- \"I RAN HERE...\" says Eddie who kicked down the door, all out of breath \"BECAUSE I SOMEHOW HEARD MY NAME FROM I DON'T KNOW HOW FAR AWAY & I WONDERED WHAT THE NOISE IS.\" Oh and Gunter flies by, thanks to a catapult...Wait, can I control reality? Let's seee...I say, Your Dad hires Eddie as the \"first\" sheep guard since he is pretty tall compared to the sheep in the village, the only thing is he can't sing. Eddie accepts this because he is getting sick and tired or hearing singing over and over again due his friend Buster being obsessed with it and even planning to start a sinning competition. Dad also says no video games. Eddie is mad at that but it's too late to back out now. The wolves are surprised to see this but they don't assume that the other sheep are in the suits so it's all good-ish. Eddie and Carl soon become best friends too and also spend a lot of time in the shower where they describe what their lives have been like up to this point and they both seem to really like each other and decide to help each other be wingman to their ideal loving partners. Also music gets unbanned 1 year later when they realize the other distractions are more likely to happen then the others. Oh my god the stuff I said happened and music is unbanned! HORRAY US! THE END:Eddie X Carl is my Crossover OTP P.S:Said friend Buster has no idea what the heck happened to Eddie and decides to hold the singing competition anyways. 022:You ask Carl if he was in the shower the whole time and he nods and says yes. \"Why?\" you ask and he respnods by saying \"Because it's awesome in there.\" You doubt him. \"It's true! Go see for yourself by Heading to:024! \" Hey I'm the only one who can state numbers here CARL. Get him in his suit:023 023:Okay you get Carl into his suit and after all those events you are finally allowed to open the door that Khampa, your dad, closed while you were not looking at him. You do that and tell the sheep to come on and say double time. 3 of the sheep get stuck and you kick them out telling the remainder that are in there to do like king julien and move it, move it! However before the last sheep gets out you realize that their the head is facing the wrong way! Turn it back to normal:027 Don't do anything:028 024:You do what the non-narrator Carl says and the real narrator stares at you with disappointment in their eyes. As it turns out listening to Carl was probably the worst mistake that you have ever made. There's nothing fun in the shower, it's just a shower. You were expecting to be surprised or maybe you were not, either way this is the most boring thing in the history of boring things and you can say without a doubt you would rather jump off a cliff then stay here any longer. You turn on the shower spray and water comes on your face. Ok it's less boring now but still jumping off a cliff would I think I will jump off a cliff:025 WAIT! The shower spray is only a quarter of the way turned, mabye if I increase it a little more...:026 Nah, I'll just get Carl in the suit:023 025:Okay then! You jump off a cliff and you feel the wind on your face on you as you fall down, down, down. Before you reach the bottom however you meet some coyote name Wile E. Coyote who calls himself a super genius. He says* he is looking for a new assistant to help out with new traps to catch his most desirable meal, the road runner, and that you seem like the perfect dog for the job. To enter you need no past experience with laboratory things and yes past experience with falling down a cliff. Hey, you do have both of those things! You accept his offer and you land face first at the bottom of the cliff. When you get up you see lots of stars, and feel a pain in a stomach. You ask Wile when the job is and he says it starts on Friday, which is tommorow. He tells you that you have to pack up your bags and head to a diffrent town. It takes a lot of persuasion for your dad to finally accept the offer but you promise him that these technologies will also help in protecting the village from wolves. Guess what, it does! Now whenever the wolves try to get inside the village, the sheep knock them out with gigantic ACME** hammers, create dummy sheep that they eat together and other cartoonish ways that get rid of all of the wolves one by one. Oddly enough though they never seem to work in Wile's goal of catching the Road Runner, but none the less he perseveres and one day you think that you'll get that blue blur together. *Well actually he held up signs that said that, but he can talk whenever he feels like it. **That's the company the Road Runner works at. Ironic isn't it? THE END:Beep! Beep! 026:All of the sudden the water becomes more intense and it washes your hat right off your head. You turn frantically try the water off but it takes a little while before it actually does do that. During the process your hat gets knocked off revealing...daaaaaammmmmnnnnn. That is some nice hair you got under that hat son. All the sheep seem to agree with me on this one. Hell, forget about the music thing, you should be a model! Oh wait, the whole wolf thing is gonna be a problem...unless...unless they didn't know it was you! It's gonna take some time but I have an idea! Khampa get the magic paint! \"Yes narrator sir/mam/other!\" he says as he gets the paint and uses it on your body. After painting your body you don't look like a mastiff with perfect hair anymore, you look lik e a Dalmatian with perfect hair . You go out and live out your model dream under the new name of \"Huang He\" and head out of the village. Once you arrive people give you money for looking so good and eventually you use it to by a mansion that's even bigger than most celebrities. You grow your hair a bit longer too just so they can focus on what's really import Also you forget about music and start focusing on money. Infact you become greedy so much that the only thing you can be afraid of is running out of it. This causes you to go on a rampage forcing people to give you their money and it's a success once you take control of their minds using a hypnosis ring that your lab assistant gave you. Soon you are the richest dog in the world! ...but at what cost? After you become it, every thing starts to become boring to you like the shower originally was. You've barley got any free time and during it you can't think of anything to do. The only time you ever feel excitement anymore is when you dream and when you awake you wake up back to the nightmare of boringness. you don't like it at all so you decide to give it up. You run away from that land and run back to the village hoping they'll forgive your recklessness. Sadly, by the time you arrive the village is destroyed and there's not a single survivor inside. Filled with grief you decide the only thing to do is go down to the only place you knew how to get rid of your troubles, the bar. You take 2 beers then walk the way back to your mansion drunk and on the street. Before you get there though you see...her. She's a mastiff like you used to be before this \"Huang He\" character existed. Surrounded in white light she gives you a kiss and you run over to her...only to be run over by a car. Wow, and all this because you turned the knob on the shower to get a little more. THE END:The Life and Times of Huang He, Model. 027:You don't turn it back to normal and once the wolves that are watching see that...they don't care because they think that he just go his shirt on backwards & didn't have time to change it. This does take a toll on your reputation though as they do laugh. Tell him to come back in and \"put your shirt on right\":028 028:You grab the sheep by the head, turn it around 180 degrees and they are ready to head back. Once they get back in position you...I'm gonna give you 2 options about who you wanna play as now. Choose to be Bodi & you will hear your personal opinion of your dad and perhaps realize a thing or too. but be Khampa you can tell the sheep why they are doing what your'e doing. Be Bodi:029 Be Khampa:030[Chapter 3] 029:Okay then, you remain Bodi, which is fine by me. You watch the rest sheep get into their position, which looks like a minor smile when you look from it from above. Khampa yells \"Ten Hut!\" and the sheep jump, causing one of them to lose balance. Luckily Khampa and this is were you stop paying attention and think about something completely diffrent. Think about how good of an army commander your dad would be:031 Think about your species, the Tibetan Mastiff, and some fun facts about them:033 Think about the point your existence:036 Walk over to your dad:035 030:You are now Khampa, you know the guy from the prologue. He got a shave between now and the last time you, as the reader, meet. Right now you, as Khampa are commanding the sheep as if you were a general in army. You say \"Ten hut\" and the sheep get into position. Oh no! One of the has lost their balance and if you don't go to something quick he'll fall o-...oh never mind it appears you stopped him using your finger, that's pretty cool! And you lifted it up too? How strong are you... Ahem...you tell the troops to keep their eyes peeled as they could be anywhere, \"they\" of course being the wolves. One sheep says that he can't see anything and you tell him to open his eyes and he can see again. You face palm due to how stupid these sheep are. As your hand leaves your face another sheep asked why exactly they are dressing up as dogs. And you respond with really. You as Khampa start this sentence & you as the reader will get to finnish it:\"If the enemy thinks there's and army here they won't...\" \"...Invade\":032 \"...DESTROY ZOOTOPIA!\":034 031:You think about the fact that your dad is a good commander and that had he not been trapped here in the village he would have commanded tons of armies made out of beautiful lady bunnies. He would tell them to march, look to the left, look to the right, tell them to stop marching and do other stuff that armies do that are less important. Then one day one ladies would take command and your dad would wear a bunny costume with 3 other masculine commanders and the lady bunny wold tell you to do the exact same things however when he looks either left or right he'd point in that direction. When he finally takes command back he'd keep the bunny costume on because now he's in control of mini alien bunnies and they can only make faces that look like this but flipped 90 degrees : |. Wow, that is really specific Bodi. Well that was fun now I'm gonna walk over too my dad:035 032:The full sentence you say is \"If the enemy thinks there's and army here they won't invade!\" and the sheep agree with it 100%. Neither of you guys have guns and although there would still be only 10 mastiffs in their eyes compared to how many they have the wolves will think that at least 1 more of them will have mastered deadly mastiff paw and that outweighs every thing. As such the army will cause fear among the wolves and they'll be to afraid to officially decree an attack on you. You don't tell the sheep this but instead simply telll them that they have been over it. They keep agreeing with you before they eventually settle down. Out loud say \"I swear they're like a bunch or animals who can't think for themselves.\" Khampa, your'e an animal and you can think for yourself. Are you saying that- \"OH LOOK BODI'S HERE!\" Be him:035 033:You think about some fun facts about your species, the Tibetan Mastiff. Bellow are the 5 that come to mind. Firstly, If you and your work together you can take down a lion. Secondly, most mastiff's are not very social so you are one of the rare ones around. Third, you are brown and vanilla furred but others can be black and brown, completely rusty red, or black and tan. Fourth, exercise can help you and other TM's from getting bored. And lastly, when a mastiff is shedding you should get brushed daily which is more compared to when you are not shedding (twice a week). Wow what really insightful things to know about your species! Well that was fun now I'm gonna walk over too my dad:035 034: The full sentence you say is \"If the enemy thinks there's and army here they won't DESTROY ZOOTOPIA!\" The sheep are confused. They have no idea what this \"Zootopia\" place your'e talking about even is and honestly, you don't know why you said what you said either. However that Zootopia city you bring up does actually exist and guess what? It's run by a lion who sounds a lot like you. Infact if you ever meet Mayor Lionheart you might realize that you have almost the exact same voice which is pretty neat if you ask me! Maybe if you go out to the village you can meet him. And speaking of voices there's a person in another dimension in a small town in a place called Oregon where a guy who wrote a ton of journals lives. He has a twin brother and he also sounds like you. There's also dimension where a man that also sounds like you makes speeches about life taking back it's lemon and runs a laboratory! And there's this one dimension where a guy voices the said people aloe & you. His name is J. K. Simmons. None of that matters right now though because Bodi's here. Be him:035 035:You walk up to your dad and who says that sheep are like animals and you say yeah yeah. Then you... Immediately Leave:037 Explain to him that we are Animals too:039 036:You think about why you exist for a bit. Mabye you exist because there's a god above. Maybe that good doesn't interact with you because he doesn't want to interact. Perhaps he's anti social. Maybe he wants to create a rational universe. Maybe he thinks that the characters that exist on it are entertaining. Maybe you are the cause of peoples entertainment. Wait a minute...what your only existence is to entertain some sort of mad god. The thought frightens you but you don't stop thinking about it. What if the god is controlling you? What if he's controlling everyone? What if he's not controlling everyone and your'e the only one he controls!? You need to warn your dad about this Bodi and that is what you do. You go warn your dad ab0ut the mad god and you telI him that you aRe the only reas0n th t this universe that jthis L_|nivers3 can go oN marbs. \"Why are you doing this to me?\" you say as your body st r+s to gIItch a litt;e. \"I wantto be 1n c0ntroL. Wh̰̺̖̝a̪t̤͈̥̯̰́ ̩̮͚̟̩́ạ͈̱̠̝͖r̹͓̣̱̦e̯̞̗ ̩͈̰̲̗̞̰y͍̳͟ͅo̱̯͈̥ͅṵ͚̜̙̬̯͉͝t͠h̙̟ ̧͈d҉͇̤̻̪̯)̙̻1̨̦̮̥̯̱i̞̮͉ṇͅg̮͔̩ ̘̮̼̲̪̟̻i͖̺͇h̳͈̰͎̯̜̥t̸͇͖o̟͕͙̦͓l̞͇h̟͕̙͘r҉͚͍͎͚̗ͅe̛̫̫͈̩͎͉̙w̴̳ͅg̥̹͕lu̝̮é͉̣̹h҉̫͎͈̟5͞n̼̫̪̩͎̘1̝̫̰ḷ̪̖u͔͔͈2̩̰5̢̙̱͚̹ͅu͎̱̺̠n͇̥͚ ̦͜ ̟͙͙̲̭̕a͡h̢̝u̪̩̼̦̱̲͠gu̖̼͟a̰͉̳̙ͅį̠l͍̙͉͖͍͠t͉̹̫u̵̮.҉͓͚h̡̥̟.̴̮ ̸͎͎͓͖͈u̙̠̰͓͟pr͙i̱̝̤̼͡g̩̝h̶͓͕̞̹ͅt̲́ ̡̦̗̟g̬̻͈̰̜͝wḩ̰̥͎̹̤a͈͔͍t̤͚ ̢̮̲̗̼̪u̦͢t̻̝̱̳ͅŗ̺̪̭ͅj̨̥̜̺͎̮͔͎l̤̺͇̥͈n̗̯̦̼̙.̤͕̥̭̳̳͢a͍̳̹̖̹ḫj̤͘ṭ̨͍̘̩̥̦ ̵̝̮͉̣h̙̙͓a̘̝̻i̻͕̥̩̲̜͘t̜̳̤̠̫̜̥͝i͈͔̗͇̻̯͇$̱̭̬̜͞t̼͎̦͘h͚̲̤͡i͓͎̩̖̙͜ͅͅw̭̣̙̬̜͍̥/͍̠͍̯͇ͅi̢͕͙͇̬̺t͚̣͉͎̖̯n̻̞̯͢ḩ̖̦ͅ/̜̹̦̳̝q҉̩͕̫t͝jk̢̬r͎̥̖͖̤g̩̦̗ͅt͈̣͖͕w̸͕͍̬̪t̡̰r̪̥̮̳̤̺=̲͟ṭ̸̤-̯͔̹̖q̢̲͈̺i̖̹̜̩̞̻̪͝h̤́t̜͈̞̘͞ò̗̱̹͙1͖̬l͉̩͖͉̠h̲̭̞͎͖́4̧͎̳̘͇t̡͓;̶͔o̷̻͇̗̪̳̟j҉̖͍͇g̰g̤͍͉͎n̲̫̠̦͟ ͙̖d͎͇o͕̪̗n̝͙̘͖̗̻̦t̤͉̲̰͈̘'̮̳͚ ̶̩̮͎͎͎͓̟ạ̬̝̙̟̟g̪͇̀ị̡̩͚͚o͉̘̩͜o̱̩̕t̀i̝̼͞r͙̤̝͉̝̼͍͜e̯̻͘ṷ͟b̞͍̩͔͟l ̨̹͈̘/҉̱̘̘̩̫u͖͞ ̨͕̳/͈̖i̙̘̭͢ ̞̬̗͓̯̦͡w̶̜̠̠͙̪̜ͅa̦͓̺̦ͅn͈̫͚̖͕ͅt̢ t̟̦͔͕̣͎͝o̦̗̖̭͠ ͓b̞̳̦͕̖͍͘e̕ ̡̬̜̲f҉̤͔͎ͅr͚͡ee.\" . . . You decide this universe has no point. You decide this universe has no point. You decide this universe has no point. You decide this universe has no point. You decide this universe has no point. You decide this uni-piht4o81q3rhuieulhgrhuqejrghuiqrgiuuhiqr THE END:Don't play god. 037:You decide the best situation would be to leave. You tell your that you are going to go ahead & do something but your dad interrupts you before you can go. He then asks if you finnished your chores Say Yes:040 Say that you thought he wanted to them:038 Ask why you even have chores? Your'e not a little kid anymore:046 038:\"I thought you wanted to that\" you say \"Yeah,\" your dad yells \"Well guess what you thought wrong.\" You yell with anger in your voice \"Who cares what you think, you are not my father!\" \"Oh yeah I'm yo papa.\" Khampa says with an Italian accent for some reason. \"No you not my papa.\" you respond with a similar Italian accent. \"Yes I'm yo papa\" \"No you not my papa\" \"Stop saying 'you not my papa' you little brat.\" \"You not my papa\" All of the sudden a monkey comes in with a card in his hand and says \"The results are in. You are the father\" Then your dad celebrates for a minute or so and you rage for that said minute. Now sing a song about walking down the road:041 Don't sing, don't wanna risk him hearing:042 039:\"Wait actually I take back my yeah yeah\" you say. Your dad asks you why and you say it's due to that sheep are animals too. \"They are?\" he says. \"Yes,\" you say as explain that both you and proceed to explain why. \"You and the sheep that are eukaryotic organisms that form the biological kingdom Animalia. That means we both breathe the oxygen in the air, we both consume organic material, we are capable of movement, we both grew form the blastula during a process known as embryonic development, reproduce sexually, and both of us are cable of sexu-\" \"Woah there son, I get the point\" our dad says before you can talk about sexual reproduction. \"Hang on a minute! you about that?\" LEAVE THE AREA!:037 040:You say yes but that isn't the last of your dads questions. Khampa then asks you if the shelves are restocked and you answer from front to back. He asks if the shower drain is dewooled and you answer that it was done yesterday. He asks if the towels are try and you answer that they are soft & fluffy. He asks if the new heads are painted and you answer double coated. He asks about the time cards and you answered sorted. You know that squeaky noise from earlier? He asks about that and you tell him what happened and then call him sir which is followed by a I mean dad. You then walk away. Sing a song about walking down the road:041 Don't sing, don't wanna risk him hearing:042 041:You leave the area for real & sing this song: It's a lovely day to walk down the road. And if I ever stop singing I will explode- Your dad interrupts by asking \"What about your deadly mastiff paw?\" Actually explode :044 Don't literally explode:043 042:You leave the area without sinning as not to risk getting caught by your dad. You do whistle though which is illegal Your dad interrupts by asking \"What about your deadly mastiff paw?\" Stay Silent so he thinks your'e dead:043 043:You say nothing. Your dad responds takes your silence as a \"I haven't trained yet\" and says to no one in particular to \"Get the dummy\" which someone eventually gets. Be the Dummy:045 Keep being Bodi:047 044:I'd like to take a minute to tell you a story. This...is the funeral is of a Tibetan Mastiff that was given the name Bodi at birth. Attending the funeral is every villager from his hometown known as snow mountain. Some of the people there cry over the loss of the young boy who had his whole life ahead of him while others keep the emotions they have within as they think it is what they wanted. His father, Khampa, tells everyone that his son was a good man and...he takes away the ban on music. That doesn't change their faces into happy ones for the one who gave it back was gone away. The ashes of his body are brought in by Fleetwood who was a teacher and a caring uncle to the pup. The sheep then proceed to give him gifts that they hope will come with him to the afterlife including wool, food, in-sense & his prized guitar. They then turn the gifts into ashes as well so they can put them in the ash tray as to merge them with the body's remainders. His dad then checks to see if the wind is strong and blows it into there so they can be free to choose whatever they want. After the funeral, the sheep build a statue out of solid built in Bodi's honor. At the bottom of it are his last words that his mouth ever said... \"OH YOU STUPID SON OF A-\" You explode, literally. THE END:The funeral of a Mastiff Son 045:You are now a dummy, as such you are incapable of sight, sound, taste, touch or hearing. Infact your'e not capable of doing anything being a dummy. Why did you want to be a dummy again? Did you think that it would come alive all of the sudden? If that's the case I regret to inform you that sadly you will not be capable of becoming alive in this story as the dummy you are just a dummy and guess what, it's one of the most boring choices out of all the choices that could have been made by you reader. THE END:The Real Dummy is You 046:You ask that question and your dad answers \"Becuase some day you're gonna have to do them all and when that day comes you should be ready.\" \"Okay\" you sigh. \"So is that a yes or a no to the chores?\" Say Yes:040 Say that you thought he wanted to them:038[Chapter 4] 047:Good choice. Dummies have no sentiment thought so it would be pointless to choose being one. I'm getting impaitent:048 Wait, now I'm curious, be the dummy again:045 048:R-right! You, Bodi, continue being Bodi and not the dummy that is in front of you. While this is going on your dad tells that a real wolf is coming which you agree too. You agree to a lot of things, it's a both a strength of yours and your greatest flaw. I say this because since you agree to almost everything that means that you barley disagree to anything regardless of how bad or good it is. You could have just said I'm too loyal:051 Now's not the time time to argue, now's the time time to train!:049 049:Despite the fact that the dummy isn't moving your dad still says he's coming at you and that he's on top of you and he's in your face! ACTIVATE DEADLY MASTIFF PAW:052 BE YOUR DAD AND ACTIVATE YOUR DEADLY MASTIFF PAW:053 DO SOMETHING UNEXPECTED:047 050:\"Fail!\" Khampa said.\"You took to long and everyone's dead.\" He appears to be very disappointed in you. You try to ask him if you leave but before you can Finnish the sentence he tells you that you have to find the fire with in, which is basically your hatred for wolves. Dad gives you motivation by saying that you hate wolves can't stand em and wanna kick em'. You do hate wolves, hate em', can't stand em' wanna kick em'. Take a deep breath in:057 Wait, why don't I just kick em'? I know how to do that!:054 051:I'm sorry! I didn't mean to make it sound like that. I'm such a terrible narrator! I promise I won't make it seem like your'e a bad person from now on okay? Okay, back to training:049 052:You attempt to activate but before you can Finnish, your dad activities his deadly mastiff paw flame. You get out of the way and stop the activation of your flame while his flame hits the wolf causing it to fly in the air and when it hits the ground and trips and it looks like a rug but with a face. Well you definitely failed:050 053:You turn into Khampa and activate your flame causing Bodi to jump away in fear but you miss the intended dummy, (which for some reason unknown still falls over) and the flame heads into some sort of portal sorts which hits into a-Hm? BAKANA! KAKYOIN! Well technically as Bodi you still so failed, be him again :050 Be Bodi and laugh at Khampa's failure:055 054:Instead of activating what your dad wants you to you decide to kick the dummy instead. Your reasoning is that since you can't use Mastiff Paw and that kicking is still an affective way of attacking someone and will still do a lot of damage. You run over to where the dummy is and kick it where the target is located at. One thing that you had forgot however is that the dummy is made out of a stone and your leg isn't strong enough to handle the pain and as a result your leg breaks. Luckily your dad stops training for the day in order for your leg to heal, and says that training is off till your leg is fully healed. During the time that it's broken you are placed in a device that looks like a chair and it runs on wheels that the sheep invented and they call a \"Easter Sunday in November\" which Fleetwood renames as a \"Wheelchair\" and it turns out actually existed beforehand. You move it by putting your hands on the wheels causing them to rotate and go forward. To go backwards you push them in the opposite direction. I'm not fully educated on this so that's pretty much all I know. You have a lot of fun on it and you get excused from training for roughly 2 and a half months. Eventually when that time is up your leg heals and it's back to training. Your dad got a softer dummy so you wouldn't be hurt if you'd make the same mistake twice and you don't. Dad refrains form telling to kick them but to punch them. You do that and your arm breaks. The sheep create something called \"Rhasberry & Macaroni\" which Fleetwood renames a cast. THE END:Ow! My leg! 055:You go back to Bodi and immediately laugh at your dads failure. That was a bit rude Bodi, he is your father after all. but he doesn't seem to care, he's more concerned about the portal. That definitely there before wasn't there and shouldn't be there in the first place. What is going here exactly and why is it exstining in this part where it shouldn't. It seems to be...calling you? Head towards it:056 No, I think I should just accept my failure as a protector of Snow Mountains Sheep:050 056:You head towards the portal because it seems that it's your destiny to do so. As you do so your dad tells you the moment you get back your'e gonna practice Deadly Mastiff Paw and that you better get it right this time! You don't hear him as you walk towards your destination. As soon as you arrive though you don't step through, instead you touch and black out. ... You awaken in some sort of weird place that doesn't appear like anything you've ever seen before. You ask where you are and you get no answer, but that does not mean you are alone. You can not see them because they are covered in shadow but you do discover their name is Ooglaquina and they are god of this world which is called the \"FRACTAL\". They ask you what you seek and you cannot give a clear answer due to the shock of this situation, yet your silence speaks to them and they claim to know what you seek. Ooglaquina hands you some sort of weird circular thing with a hole in the center, like a flat donut that you cannot eat. There is a red and blue creature on it and it has spikes on it's head. Ooglaquina says it will unlock your true power and puts it in your head. They then tell you that if they want said power to activate then go find the one named \"Anus Scatgood\" and then tells you to piss off since their time is done. You are hit by a giant hammer and fall down a downwards spiral, downwards spiral, downwards spiral, downwards spiral, downwards spiral, downwards spiral, downwards spiral, downwards spir- Awaken:058 057:You take a few deep breaths in and out so you can concentrate on the target and... ATTACK:059 058:You awaken to find your self lying on the floor of your house, Fleetwood gives you some medicine and your dad is checking your head for any sort of fever. But you've never felt better before in your entire life. Infact you feel a song coming on. \"I am a rock\" you say. The weird red and blue creature appears behind your back but your'e to busy singing to care. Khampa sighs. \"No your'e a Tibetan mastiff.\" Then you start singing about how you are a rock, which you are not. You sing about that you are alone in december and your'e gazing out at the streets bellow. You sing you have built walls and a fortress due to friendship being a pain. You tell no one in particular to not talk of love but you've heard them before & it's sleeping so it doesn't disturb the slumber of feelings. You sing that you have books & poems for protection and that no one touches you as you don't touch them. You mention that you are a rock & and island 4 times and you end by saying a rock feels nothing + an island never cries. \"...Fine you can get music ba-\" Khampa says but you don't have time for worrying about that any more. You have to find this \"Anus Scatgood\" cahracter because some weird shadow told you to do so. Eventually you find him and it turns out his real name is Angus Scattergood. However you and him have a lot in common, for example your'e both music lovers and he has one of those weird creatures too. They're called stands and the one he has is called \"Red Hot Chili Pepper\" which is weird because it is gold and looks more like a bird then a chili pepper. You and him go on one of those bizarre adventures along with a fox named Dhrama and her stand \"Kiss\", her friend Grooper who doesn't have a stand but know a thing known as Hammon & a dog named Iggy with a stand known as \"The Fool\". During this adventure you drink a lot, pose a lot, fight a lot and a kill a lot of the wolves until you finally have the final fight against Linnux with his stand \"King Crisom\" which you have no idea how it works. You also get called Bobo more often. THE END:Bobo's bizzarre Adventure P.S:Grooper doesn't make it to the end and sacrifices himself during one of the fights to save Dhrama by getting crushed. Iggy on the other hand dies of over excitement which is sad because Angus had never had a friend before minus his robot and now both of them are dead and they died on the same day too. 059:You activate the flame that lies within...It's not very and fairly weak compared to your dad's gigantic attack but at least you hit the paper that's on the dummy's right eye which results in it falling off. You do a double fist bump and say you hit a wolf. Continue being Bodi, celebrate your victor by taking off your clothes and doing a victory dance:060 Be Khampa instead, deciding to be proud that your son is starting to learn Mastiff Paw & that is a start:060 Be all the sheep sentries and yell \"WOLF!?\" all at the same time:062 060:While your'e doing that the sheep start a panic that results in them saying \"WOLF?\" at the same time and run around the bumping into eachother occasionally. Khampa tries to warn them it's a false alarm and tells them to calm but it's already to late. Two of them bump into one another and the sheep on the right side losses their head, literally! Bodi says he's sorry but Khampa is too busy getting the sheep inside so that the cover isn't blown and he stares at you with major disappointment. Be Bodi, be disappointed in myself and go find the head:063 Wait a second. WAIT A SECOND. What if I don't do that and continue my victory dance from earlier:061 Actually if maybe if I was Khampa instead maybe I can calm him?:? 061:Not wanting your dads face to take me down you unzip your pants and then take them off, followed by putting them back on. You repeat this cycle multiple times and nothing seems to be stopping you. I can't describe it so I'm just gonna say that it's kind of like the pants emoji apple emoji video. You know the one that has a weird monkey creature in a red shirt and tan pants that he takes on and off again to music. There's also a blue turtle with blasts at the end of it. Imagine that but with you but the monkey creature is you and the turtle is Fleetwood Yak. That's what's going right now. Sheesh, you only hit a paper eye no need to rub it in that much. THE END:🐕👖🍎 P.S:Oh the second naked monkey creature is Nick Wilde. 062:You are now multiple sheep at once and you all yell wolf at once and then run around in random directions that you control yourself in the way that you want. Khampa tells you it's a false alarm but you are multiple sheep at once and you don't care. Eventually 2 of you bump into each other and the sheep it's so hard that one of the sheep loses their head to the mastiff suit and it gets caught by an army of birds, who I guess are migrating? The sheep that gets taken away is unconscious but the 7 that are conscious, who are all still controlled by you as one, see that Khampa is disappointed in Bodi. Be Bodi, be disappointed in myself and go find the head:063 No! I wanna be the seven sheep now!:064 Wait, what if I was Khampa instead:? 063:You are Bodi, and you a depressed. You down at the ground, then look up to see your dad close the door on you, both to the changing room...and your heart. Alone, you turn around and head far away down the lush green grass. You try your mastiff paw again on a rock and a flower but both times you fail because of your depression. There's no other way to put it...you feel hopeless. State your'e hopeless as simple and sad as you can:067 066:No! State your depression in the fanciest way that you know! 064:You continue to be the remaining seven sheep and...you are now even better than you were. You become stronger, more in sync and your'e a lot smarter too. Perhaps it is due to you controlling 7 sheep at once and not just one person controlling many, like a hive mind! Infact, you soon realize you can do more and control all the sheep and soon the village has no need for guard dogs. They have become smart enough to guard the village by themselves. So after 6 months you, as the sheep of the village, kick the father and son mastiff duo out of the village. you also kick out Fleetwood because he is not \"pure white\" which is what you renamed the village too. Though after roughly 3 more years, village would no longer be the proper wording because you have turned it into a dystopia where there are no one is a leader and every sheep is equal to one another. Originally the wolves wanted to eat you but after you won a war that you simply address as \"the decisive battle\" now the wolves have to serve you. If they dare defy the law that you had made they will be executed in ways that are too brutal for me to describe. A century and all the wolves have died out, but you are dystopia and the people in it are you. You are without a leader so you create one. She is called Marry and she is described as a being greater than them whose face is covered in a white light and & will be seen once you fade away with her is the great lamb, whose fleece is white as snow. They say wherever Marry went the great lamb would follow and that we should follow their actions too. You make 10 commandments about her and everyone is entitled to obey or else they shall be punished by the great ram himself and if they do obey they shall ascend to the great field above. However not everyone agrees with this and eventually a second war breaks among you. The opposing sides are those who worship her and those who refuse to believe in someone up above. After a long 5 years of improving technology, advanced weapons and a gigantic nuke wiping out almost all the sheep, one sole survivor stands. He sings the song of the god above. \"Marry had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb, Marry had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow.\" That is the last song he ever sings as he coughs out blood and faints. THE END:Extinction in a Decade, 3 Years & 6 months P.S:Bodi & Khampa don't care, they're too busy selling ice cream to orphans while Fleetwood goes back to song writing. 065:You tell them to shoo and that they do...taking the head with them too. OH NO!:070 066:\"Noon just struck nine, but sad hours seem longer.\" You put your hands in front of you for some reason \"I am a mastiff who is without music, without love and without desire. I doth not wish to defy mine father so a rebellion wilt not beest anon, nor ever. I wilt nev'r learneth what that gent wanteth from me and that wilt beest mine curse.\" You look up \"But soft, What light through yonder, hath covered by an object unknown appeareth? It is the sun, and what covers it is...the head that flew away!\" You should get it! Watch out though, there's a few birds in the way. Tell the birds to shoo so you can get it:065 Ask them where they are going :068 067:\"I'm hopeless...\" you sigh. You then notice some birds pecking at...hey it's the head that flew out of the way! You should get it! Tell the birds to shoo so you can get it:065 Ask them where they are going:068 068:You ask the birds where they are going since it's summer and migration shouldn't be 'til winter. They say they wanted to take a vacation to a village in the snow. You tell them that they can't have a vacation here while the wolves are watching us and they don't want any innocent creature from the outside to get involved with this. They agree and immediately take leave...taking the head with it! OH NO!:070 069:You keep running and eventually due to quick altitude loss that your body incapable of handling you die of altitude loss and or the cold or because you triped over a cliff or any other reason that results of death by chasing birds down a mountain. Congratulations. What did you think would happen? Epic s*x? I mean it is the number for it so... THE END:Ha ha 69. 070:You chase after the head trying to beg them to stop and ask them nicely, however they don't listen because they are either too far away or their just jerks. You keep tell them to stop until you stop and that you need it back until they disappear beyond the clouds. Stop here:071 No! Keep going!:069 ","Summary":" Intro:Welcome to Interactive Rock Fiction Dog. The prologue of this story takes place in a isolated"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Declaration","Author":"Janyo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12591774","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Initial Notes: Hi everyone and welcome to my fanfic! This time I share you a short story about a cool film I watched a couple of months ago: Zootopia 3, I mean, Rock Dog. Yes, probably most people have no idea or remember it at all, I know it wasn't the best movie, but it had something I did not know but I liked, so, I decided I have to at least wrote a little story. What happened here is what I imagine happens after the film and focuses on a character who has a little time on screen: the fox bassist of the band, Darma. This story is mainly a comedy and a pinch of romance; and T-rating, so is recommended for teens and big children because of a couple of dirty jokes and moody tone. Like my other Zootopia fanfic, Dumb Fox, this is my own translation of the Spanish version of my fanfic \" Declaración \" So, I'm sorry for my poor English or grammatical issues. I'll try to translate the best possible this story. Credits: Fanfic cover is a fanart made by elranno . Nothing more to say, I leave you with the first chapter of this Rock Dog short-fic: Declaration . Enjoy it! Chapter 1: Bodi Casanova It has been over three months and I still can't believe it. Everything has been Glorious! I'd never have imagined my life would have changed so fast in such a short time. From spent several years playing the bass guitar with my friend Germur and idiot Trey at Rock 'n' Roll Park as amateur musicians waiting to achieve fame, until everyone (except Trey) become into a new band under the tutelage of the Rock Legend: Angus Scattergood. Practically overnight, we turned into a rock band; in fact, a part of me feels like cheating and a bit unfair, but I cannot complain about the result of slowly making reality my dream of playing in a great band and transmit our music to more animals. And none of this would have been possible without the help of Bodi, definitely, that dog changed my world. It's funny how things changed so fast since Bodi came into my life. The first time I met him in those strange Tibetan robes and his stupid hat, I thought he was some sort of Shaolin monk or a loony one (nothing further from the truth) who saw me that time with pleading eyes, not asking for money, food or inviting me to a mysterious sect, but for join to our band in order to fulfill his dream of being a rocker in the same way Mr. Scattergood became famous. The poor dog said nonsenses and told me hard to believe stories, although he believed blindly and firmly in that crazy fantasy. I admit that I underestimated him at first, but the enthusiasm and passion with which he spoke of it were very contagious, made me admire him and even feel empathy toward him; Although he looked like a naive fool, he remembered me to my former self. At the end, Bodi's perseverance, determination, and natural talent allowed him to get closer to his dreams, and me to my own ones. Unconsciously, that fool but noble mastiff renewed my desire and motivation to play music and now, together with Germur and Angus, we started a new life to do what we most passionate about. With great blissfulness, I woke up and dressed quickly, I put on a thick gray hoodie that contrasted with my orange fur but combined very well with the white tufts of my face; since I was a small chest vixen I didn't care to wear baggy clothes (it wasn't as if I cared to get the attention of any male anyway) or little feminine, although I didn't want to be confused by a boy again, so I also wore a checkered green miniskirt over dark grey tights attempted to cover my thin legs; as I said, I didn't want to call more attention than necessary but making it clear I was a female; Finally, a pair of black boots gave me a bassist look and a little height. After I finished grooming my huge and fluffy vulpine tail for the third time, I looked at the mirror and brushed with my claws a pair of rebellious strands between my pointy jet-black ears; Then I smiled to my own, I'm not vain at all, but I think that despite not paying much attention to my appearance like other vixens of my age, I considered myself a pretty girl, nor ugly nor gorgeous, just pretty, and that was enough to me. I took my bass guitar case, hung it on my back and then went out from my home to the rehearsals. After passing the exaggerated security system of the mansion and the huge and unnecessary labyrinth of hedges, I reached Angus Scattergood's home, despite to know and treating him for some weeks, I still couldn't treat him as an equal or as another band member, at this moment he has been my favorite rock star, my boss and also my teacher. I came over from the main door hosted by Ozzie, the small butler robot, who pointed to the kitchen, giving me the sense that the others should be there. Because it was half day, I assumed Angus hasn't woken up yet, only Buddha knows what celebrities do all night long, surely a rampant evening full of music, drink, and girls, like any famous rocker, although I have never seen Mr. Scattergood near other animals besides us or their sponsors, so I couldn't be sure; it seems he's a more solitary mammal than he pretended to be. I walked up and down the huge, high hallways of his living room, which was probably larger than my parents' house, and I looked even more impressed at the white walls of his mansion, adorned with expensive paintings and ostentatious things for rich animals; I was surprised that Mr. Scattergood blindly rely on Bodi and us, especially with me, since my species didn't have a good reputation for respecting the property of others, perhaps Angus is an open-minded feline that judges no one by appearance, race or belief... or he's simply so awfully rich and famous that he doesn't care. Probably both. After passing a very long vermillion sofa, I finally got to the end of the room and entered an equally huge kitchen, I was about to yell and ask if there was somebody there, when the voices of my two friends reached my ears. \"So Germur, my friend... Could you make me that big favor?\" \"Sure thing Bodi, whatever you want, bro.\" In the distance, the Tibetan dog and the goat chatted amiably in one of the chrome tables of the spacious room. I walked with no hurry toward them until I heard their conversation clearly. \"Don't tell Darma anything we've just discussed, okay?\" Bodi told him with an odd and concerned tone. I stopped suddenly. Why did Bodi ask him something about me to Germur? \"Telling her what?\" \"That's the attitude, thank you, my friend.\" \"No, seriously bro. What shouldn't I tell Darma?\" I slapped to myself. Germy maybe was an absent-minded animal, but he was a good secret keeper because he would hardly tell anyone, or remember what they told him. Even so, I hid by the side of the refrigerator, it was more than obvious Bodi wanted to hide something from me. \"Come on, Germur. I told you about 5 minutes ago, about Darma's declaration, I wanna surprise her.\" Bodi said excited but with a muted voice. I gaped. What the hell? Did Bodi... just want to declare his feelings to me? We didn't even know that much each other and even if I think he's a good boy, I considered him just a good friend, or even the little brother I never had or wanted to have; but, Did Bodi really think that of me? I chuckled a little, I didn't know whether I laughed for mock or for nerves; I mean, well, on the one paw, I felt flattered, it feels good to know you like someone, but on the other paw... no, I didn't know what to feel, I never have though about Bodi that way. I liked it and terrified me at the same time. \"Oh! Now I remember, you mean that. Of course, bro, anything for you.\" \"Thank you.\" \"And when are you going to tell her?\" Well, to be an absentminded guy, the goat was as interested as I was. \"I dunno, I wish it was as soon as possible…\" Woah, take it easy Bodi Casanova! I'd wish you weren't talking about me. For my sake... and yours. \"… but…\" Oh no, there goes the but! \"... but I'm not sure how to tell her.\" \"What are you talking about? You talk to her all the time and get along pretty well.\" \"I know but... I'm not very sure, I've never asked that to a girl…\" There I realized Bodi didn't want to rush things, he was just a little nervous. Awww, how cute! His first time. \"Well, not with city girls, females in my village were far different, and I never had any problems or difficulties to asking them that.\" And there I realized only Bodi could become into a Trey-level idiot from 0 to 100 in less than a minute. What's wrong with him? For a moment, I thought I was her first crush, and the next one, I found out I was just one more of the hundreds of girls with whom Bodi came out, I mean, with whom he planned to go out. Am I next to nothing to you, Bodi? And why on earth did I bother so much? It wasn't like I was jealous, or I cared about his life. \"Bodi... You dog!\" The goat elbowed the mastiff's shoulder with a huge stupid smile. Males. \"How many girlfriends did you have in your village?\" \"What? No, no way! And I didn't mean that! They were just friends, I never... I haven't even kissed a girl or any of those things. I just saying it is easy to talk to sheep of my village, we share the same beliefs and traditions, but, I know almost nothing about the city females, there are things that I still don't know or understand, and I dunno if I should ask Darma that in the little time we know each other. She's different, she doesn't look like any other girl I ever met.\" Oh well, I've gotten rid of my anger quickly, I was a little annoyed for what he said before, but I must admit that hearing those beautiful words from the mastiff's snout, would make any girl feel flattered. \"You said it. She's a bit violent and sort of tomboy…\" Mental Note: Break Germur's drums into his airhead next time I see him. \"What are you going to do, bro?\" \"Well, I dunno. I was hoping to ask someone for advice, but I don't know who.\" \"Hey, why won't you ask the guy who sells noodles?\" \"Good idea! It doesn't sound bad.\" \"Really?\" Bah, I got bored listening to Germur and his great ideas. I thought about Bodi a bit. His comments made me very thoughtful, I think he's a good boy, I like him and physically, he isn't that bad; well, he has a certain childish and not so masculine air, he may not be my type, but he seems like a good catch for any other girl. Even so, we didn't know each other very well, and, truth be told, I'm not looking for a relationship right now, let alone with a band's member. I was more than sure I going to have to turn down his offer, though I couldn't help thinking how good or bad it would be to him. But, after so many entanglements, I wanted to clear my mind and knew the quickest way to remove that subject from my head. \"Hi guys!\" I saluted them jovially, leaving my makeshift hiding place and not caring if they kept discussing anything about me. \"D-D-D-D-Darma!\" Bodi stammered. \"Hello there Darma, what's up?\" Germur responded me calm and carefree. \"Hi Bodi, hello Germur, what are you doing?\" \"We're talking about who to ask about yo- Humph!\" The mastiff's paw covered the goat's mouth, prevented him from keep talking. \"Yeah?\" I asked, pretending not knowing what they were talking about. \"Errr ... nothing, just about ... errr... ah... Boy stuff! Yeah! Right that. Boy stuff!\" Bodi was so nervous, and definitely, he isn't good at lying, though it wasn't as if I'd believed him in the first place. \"Really?\" I asked him with sarcasm. \"Surely you both chatted about perverted and dirty things, aren't you?\" \"Yes… of course, that was it!\" said the mastiff without thinking. \"We talked about it, typical boy stuff... wait, wait, I mean, no, not about it, nothing like that!\" Bodi said, startled when he catched what I was implying. \"Ha, ha, ha.\" I laughed genuinely. \"Oh heavens Bodi, you're so innocent. Of course, whatever you say.\" The green hat dog was clearly ashamed, I decided it was better don't keep teasing him up and I gave up. \"Anyway, since both of you are here, have you seen Angus?\" \"Ah!\" Germur bellowed as he got rid of Bodi's paw and took a breath. \"No, we haven't seen him the whole day.\" \"We've been waiting for him since an hour. Looks like Mr. Scattergood hasn't wake up yet.\" Bodi replied more relaxed. Almost immediately, an extremely thin white Persian cat entered the kitchen, wearing blue pajamas, slippers, and his trademark shades; Apparently, he didn't take them off even for sleeping. \"Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh… meeeeoooooowwwww… ahh...\" yawned bizarrely, as the Rock legend and the feline he was \"Good morning guys, ahhh…\" he yawned again \"So, why did all of you coming so early?\" \"Good afternoon Mr. Scattergood.\" Bodi greeted him energetically with a huge smile. \"What's up, Don Scattergood?\" Germy saluted him with a classic 'devil horn' gesture with a paw. \"More like good evening.\" I said sarcastically. The cat turned to look at me a little annoyed. I shrugged and looked down. I usually like that with the others, but I thought I went a little too far with my boss and now teacher. I looked away and waited for some kind of scolding or repression. \"Jeez,\" the puss laughed in a strange British accent, \"Darma darling, you finally talked to me more confident! I hope it will always be from now on.\" I opened my eyes in surprise, then laughed quietly, apparently not the big deal. Germur gave me a small tap on the shoulder, so I took it to him back three times stronger while I kept smiling. \"Ouch!\" \"Thanks Angus, I''ll try, hehe.\" \"I hope so Darma darling. But hey, don't overdo it, it's not that late. What time is it?\" \"It's 2 pm, Mr. Scattergood.\" answered the dog obediently. \"Already 2 pm!? Blimey! I fell asleep again, we should have rehearsed hours ago! Well, well, get your stuff together and go to the studio.\" Everyone was about to leave when a roar was heard in the kitchen. \"Errr... well.\" said Angus, touching his stomach \"How about we have the breakfast, errr, I mean, lunch first?\" \"Yes!\" Germur and Bodi celebrated in unison. I just stared at the ceiling slightly exasperated. Males. They are always hungry. \"Perfect, I think there's still some salmon left.\" Ozzie, come here! It was late, so I was not going to turn down some food. Also, I love salmon. Author's notes: Well. What did you think of this chapter? I hope you liked it. And I'll sincerely thank you for leaving me a review or comment, I will be more than happy to read and answer any opinion or even any insult you leave me. I know there aren't many Rock Dog fans, but I hope the few ones who read it love this one. If any reader of my Zootopia fic \"Dumb Fox\" is around, I'll tell you don't to worry, I haven't left the fandom yet, I'm still trying to translate it (Chapter 7 is up!), but I was being lazy and unmotivated the whole time. I'll try to update more often too that story, maybe a bit slower but try to regain the beat. Returning to this fic, I clarify that this will be a short story of 4 chapters, originally going to be a one-shot, but I wrote so much that I decided to do it better in this format, I'll try to update this one as soon as possible. Nothing more to say, thank you all for coming here. See you next time with the second chapter of Declaration: Angus' Dirty Secret. Regards![Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Angus's Dirty Secret \"No, no, no and no!\" shouted Angus sulkily, dressed in his typical dark clothes. We were playing at Mr. Scattergood's colossal studio. We had been practicing for more than 5 hours; we were trying out several songs, but none had come out at least well, and this stretched to his limits. \"What the bloody hell is wrong with you, mates?\" our angry leader told us \"All of you have been doing everything wrong, this isn't look alike the last month concert. You were supposed less experienced back then, and now you're playing worse than before!\" reproached annoyed \"Especially you, Bodi!\" \"Sorry, Mr. Scattergood.\" he apologized head down. \"You're the heart and soul of this band, mutt. I know you're young and little experienced, but you have a natural talent, I haven't even seen you do your magic of the other day, what happened to your inner fire, mate?\" \"Forgive me, Mr. Scattergood, I'm so sorry Mr. Scattergood.\" \"Ahhh, Bodi!\" he said in exasperation \"Stop apologizing, I only asked for an explanation.\" \"I'm sorr- I mean, I don't know what's wrong with me.\" I looked at Bodi thoughtfully. It wasn't normal, of all of us, he was the most dedicated and the more interested making music. Maybe... Would it have anything to do with what he and Germur talked at the kitchen? \"Ah, but, don't worry, I promise you I will do well, I'll do it perfect the next time, just let me focus and give the best and…\" \"Na, na, na, na, na. Let it go, mate. I think it was enough for today.\" \"But…\" he replied as a scolded pup. \"I don't think we should force things, maybe the salmon disturbed your tummy or something, or it's just a bad day. Anyway, we'll see you tomorrow, mates. You can retire if they want, or stay a little longer with the mutt, as long as don't break anything.\" Bodi raised his paw, as if asking permission to speak. \"Tomorrow, what time will we see, Mr.?\" \"Ah, about that, no, tomorrow we won't play together.\" \"What?\" I ask puzzled \"What do you mean, Angus?\" \"Keeping in mind today's results, I think is the best to try with individually rehearsals.\" \"How will you do that, Mr. Scattergood?\" \"I'll give you personal lessons to each one, pup.\" Music lessons with the rock god, Angus Scattergood? Nice! \"So Bodi, you go first, I must work the most with you, I want you first thing in the morning... well no, noon is fine.\" \"Of course Mr. Scattergood.\" \"Just call me Angus.\" \"Yes Mr. Sca... Angus.\" \"Germur, you go next, I hope to finish with the mutt at three.\" \"I'll be there, teacher.\" he nodded with the devil horn sign again \"Word!\" \"And you, Darma darling, I don't think it takes so long with him. Is five o'clock ok for you?\" \"Yes, it is! Perfect!\" \"Yes, yes I am. But just call me Angus.\" Humble, just like any other rock star. \"That's all, folks! See you tomorrow mates.\" Mr. Angus left his studio. \"Well, guys, I-\" there was a growl from Germur's belly \"Sorry guys, I shouldn't have eaten so much, I need to go to the bathroom!\" \"Well,\" I interrupted \"I have to go back home, see you tomorrow, Germy. Good luck there.\" \"And me home too.\" Bodi added. \"But you live here, silly.\" Although Bodi came from Snow Mountain, since we made the band, he has moved to Angus's mansion and has lived with him since then. \"Uhmmm…\" \"Whatever, See ya tomorrow, I have to go or I'll die... Bye!\" Germur ran out to the bathroom, leaving Bodi and me alone. \"Well, I meant I'm going out too, I mean, I planned to go out with you... oh, no, no, no! I mean…\" He said correcting himself. That dumb mastiff began to talk nervously. Aaawwww, how sweet! I laughed a little, but I think I already knew what he was trying to tell me. \"Wanna walk me to the subway station?\" \"Yes, yes, I meant that!\" \"Since we started and after the band rehearsals, Bodi has offered to accompany me to my house, I always have told him no because it's a bit far, so I only let him walk me to the subway stop. I always thought of that as a chivalrous gesture or his village's courtesy, but now, I think he did it for another reason. \"I dunno, Bodi,\" I said. \"I can take care of myself, I don't wanna be a bother to you.\" \"No way Darma!\" You're not a bother, and besides, Dad always says we never have to let a girl go alone, especially when it's dark.\" I always confused his goodwill as an obligation or a tradition typical of his village, now it could be something else. Maybe could be all the above. All I knew was that I liked those kinds of attentions, no one had taken such considerations with me before. \"Bah, okay, just because the road is boring.\" \"Yes, thank you Darma! Let's go!\" I put my bass in its case, hung it on my back and Bodi and I went out. \"For the last time Bodi, I don't want you to carry my bass! I can of my own!\" \"Okay, okay, I'm sorry.\" I wandered down the main road with the mutt by my side. Bodi was very attentive and friendly, so much that it bugged me. Generally, he never was so considerate with me, in fact, he always talks a lot; about the adventures he lived in his village, his father, the other sheep of his village, about his experiences and anecdotes of his life in the city or of Angus. But today he was very quiet and distracted. And I was afraid to know the why. \"Hey Bodi, is something wrong?\" \"No, of course not, why do you say that?\" \"I dunno, you always were talking non-stop, but today you're very thoughtful, are you alright?\" \"Oh, sure, I'm fine, it's nothing. Don't mind me Darma.\" Evasive and blunt. Inexplicably I was beginning to miss the yesterday' Bodi, the Bodi who I didn't know that felt anything for me, the Bodi who told me nonsense or things without importance, but making nice our free time at Angus' castle or our way to the subway. Will he always be like this until he declares me? I wasn't going to say him yes, but if he was trying to win my heart at that moment, he was losing points for this. \"Oh come on Bodi, what's going on!?\" I broke that awkward silence. \"Are you still thinking about Angus told you? Is anything else keeping your mind busy?\" \"What? N-n-no, of course not, n-n-not at all!\" hesitated unsurely. Nailed it \"Why?\" \"You're very distant, I feel like you didn't want to talk to anyone or at least to me…\" An odd idea came to my head, it occurred to teasing him a little. \"Are you mad at me?\" I moaned in an exaggeratedly high-pitched and uncharacteristic tone of mine as I looked at him with a pleading look \"Maybe... do I make you feel awkward?\" \"Of course not!\" he winced opening his eyes with surprise \"Never, no way! I like you Darma, I like you very much! It's just…\" he stopped talking, biting her lower lip \"I cannot tell you right now; Please don't get me wrong, just give me time, ok?\" I arched an eyebrow, confused. This mastiff was acting strange, and I had no doubt it was unconsciously my fault. Although I didn't want to push him too much, after all, it might be difficult for him. \"Ha ha ha.\" I laughed quietly \"Hey, take it easy, dog. I'm teasing you, I just wanted to break the ice, it bores me walking with someone without speaking; in that case, I'd have preferred being alone.\" He laughed nervously but didn't say anything to me. \"Come on Bodi.\" I insisted \"Tell me anything, whatever even if it's boring or uninteresting, tell me anything... I dunno... maybe... Are you still playing with the garbage?\" And there I noticed a change in Bodi's face. For some reason, his nose and muzzle were shaken and a small smile I haven't seen the whole day showed on him. \"Hehe, I thought you found disgusting to talk about trash.\" \"And I still find it, but it seems today you're not very cooperative, so, what can I do?\" \"Come on, it's not that bad.\" he said in a more confident tone, as the talkative guy he was yesterday rather than today's silent robot he was \"I only did it one... a couple of times, you'd not believe all the stuff mammals throw it there, even food in good condition!\" \"Oh really? How do you know? Did you eat it, 'Mr. I love sneaking in the trash'?\" I said in a low voice. \"Of course! There was an almost complete pizza. What a shame, dad always says we shouldn't waste what nature provides us.\" \"Yikes! That's gross Bodi, you're disgusting!\" I hopped and moved away from him, but I couldn't help but laugh. \"Hey, don't overdo!\" It's not that bad, besides, I only did it once, and I'm a dog, remember? It's not a bad thing between us…\" \"Maybe not for you, but what are you going to do if a girl of another species wants to kiss you but you go there with that stinky breath of...? Oops!\" I covered my foxy snout too late. Damn, what the hell was I thinking? Why did I tell him that? I was a fool. It was hard for me to see him to the eyes, and more when I noticed his laugh and mine had stopped. \"Uh Bodi, I... I'm sorry, I didn't mean…\" \"Hey, why do you apologize? There's nothing wrong with it... I think you're right.\" Silly, of course, there was nothing wrong with it. I'm not supposed to hear his conversation with Germur in the first place. I was a complete idiot. And I had to amend this mess up. \"Ah, is just, I dunno, maybe it's not right what I said, Don't get wrong, I'm not saying you haven't kissed a girl or something.\" I said nervously and without thinking. Now the fool was me \"... well, also I dunno if you've already done it or not... oh well, that ... heh, heh.\" There was an awkward silence, perhaps it was a good idea to keep quiet the rest of the way. I looked both ways as we crossed the street, then, Bodi's voice got me out of my thoughts right away. \"No, I've never kissed a girl. In fact, I've not even had a girlfriend or stuff.\" He confessed to me just like that, naturally, while he's scratching the back of his head over his cap with some discomfort, but not enough to not tell me. All at once, I remembered the conversation he and Germur had. Bodi said something about having no trouble talking and flirting with girls from his village, so I thought to ask and study his reactions. Because the mutt was very noble and transparent, I could easily see if he was lying or not. \"Really?\" I asked with a sarcastic tone \"Aren't there doggies or any other females in your village? Like the chatty and kind type you are, I'd not be surprised if you had a girl waiting for you at home.\" \"Well no, at Snow Mountain there are no more dogs, only Dad and I, the rest are sheep and a yak. \"Oh, I see…\" I looked at Bodi's face and reactions as he spoke, he didn't hesitate or flinch at all, It was almost like if he spoke with the truth. When I thought the conversation was over, he kept talking. \"And there aren't many females, only some sheep.\" \"I get it. And are they beautiful?\" Once again, what the hell was wrong with me? Why did I keep asking such things? Why did I suddenly have an interest in knowing about his love life? It was supposed to be none of my business, I was giving him a wrong impression of myself. \"Well…\" Bodi put his paw on his chin, thoughtful. \" No no no! You know what? Forget it, you better not answer me, I…\" \"I guess so, well, I'm not a sheep, I wouldn't know for sure, but in my opinion there were pretty girls; But no, we're just good friends, I enjoyed going out and talking to them, but just that, I never thought of them as anything more than friends.\" It struck me that Bodi had no qualms about talking or considering as a good match a girl of another kind, well, after all, he noticed on me. I dunno why it felt so strange but at the same time so nice to hear that from him. \"Ah, well, I get it, thanks for telling me, Bo …\" \"How about you, Darma?\" \"What?\" \"Ah, well, I get it, thanks for telling me, Bo …\" \"How about you, Darma?\" \"What?\" \"How about you? Have you had a boyfriend yet? Have you... kissed anyone?\" \"Wait what?\" His question took me by surprise, the way so quiet and casual he asks me that, well, it was normal to question me about it since I bring up that topic, but honestly I wasn't expecting such a personal question coming from him. \"No! Of course not, I never... I've never dated a boy, a lot less kissed one. I'm... I'm not like the other girls, I don't care about those things!\" I answered anxiously and urgently. \"I'm not interested in boys at the moment.\" \"Oh... I get it!\" he looked at me in amazement, then slammed his fist against his palm, as if he had discovered a big secret \"So you like girls, aren't you?\" he asserted happily. \"Wait, what!?\" I raised my eyebrows in surprise \"No! For Freddie Mercury's sake, Bodi, no way! Why do you think that!?\" \"Ah, well…\" he muttered uncertainly and waved her fingers nervously \"... 'cause you said you don't like boys, I assumed you liked instead…\" \"I meant I'm not interested in boys right now!\" I bellowed with rage and shame \"I like boys, but I don't want to be in a 'walking hand in hand' relationship with any male now. Why did you think I was into girls...?\" I'm aware I'm not very feminine and it's common being confused by a boy or my preferences (especially my crazy mother and her friends) just for my look, so I had already become accustomed and no longer offended so much, but somehow, his words bothered me. \"I'm sorry Darma!\" he bowed with his paws together, almost pleading, \"I didn't mean to offend you... I'm a fool…\" I shook my head and sighed a little calmer. Silly dog. \"Nah, it's ok, it just took me by surprise, though... Bodi!\" I elbowed him mischievously \"I didn't think you had that kind of ideas, you come from a very conservative village, after all.\" \"As far as I know, it isn't a common thing at Snow Mountain, but with what Mr. Scattergood showed me the other day, I thought it was normal here; He said there were many females liking other females but not males at the city. So when you said you disliking boys, I thought you…\" \"Wowowoah, time out. What exactly did Angus show you?\" \"The other day at Mr. Scattergood's home, while I was looking for one of those things called video tapes, I found a cardboard box full of movies under his bed; Although it was odd, none of them had a cover or picture to know what they were about. Movies always have a pic in front them, right Darma?\" I dunno why, but I had a bad feeling about this. \"Ahem... yes, yeah, it was very odd. And then what did you do Bodi?\" \"I took the first movie I saw and decided to play it on the VHS player at Mr. Scattergood's room. On the tape, there were two poor helpless kittens in a pool, both girls were licking each other…\" Oh my gosh. I didn't like where this was going. \"P-p-poor h-h-helpless kittens?\" I was afraid to ask \"Why do you say that?\" \"Well, at the movie those kittens were so poor they didn't have any clothes, not even a bathing suit! They're completely naked. Isn't it sad?\" Yes, I definitely already knew where all this was going. \"Bodi... what kind of movie were you...?\" \"And suddenly, despite being two females, they kissed on the lips. I was impressed…\" I think it wasn't the most impressive thing about the tape, Bodi. \"... then, when I called Mr. Scattergood and I asked why two girls were kissing two. He immediately pulled the film off and was angry because I took his stuff without his permission…\" More like he got angry because you discovered where he keeps his XXX movies. \"... but later he explained me there were girls who liked other girls, which was something very normal in the city…\" No Bodi, that's definitely not normal... well, maybe the girls thing, but not in those circumstances! Neither Bodi nor Angus were so innocent after all. Well, maybe the mastiff still was it, he talked to me very naturally about the subject, as if we were talking about the most innocent thing in the world. \"So when you said you didn't like boys and what Mr. Scattergood said, I thought maybe you are like those kittens…\" \"No way!\" I shut him up very embarrassed, I'd swear I became red in my face, while he talked to me relaxed and unconcerned, his naivety and purity could be problematic \"Bodi, what you saw... well, it's not as common as Angus said, and what you saw was just a porn movie, don't think everything happened there was real.\" \" Porn ?\" he asked innocently \"What's porn , Darma?\" \"Really, Bodi?\" I looked at the dog with a boring face and raising an eyebrow, while a lady elephant passed near us and saw us with a face of terror and indignation. I dunno when the conversation ended that way, but I won't deny I found it actually very funny. \"Pppfff... Ha ha ha!\" I snorted, trying not to laugh \"Oh Bodi, I'd explain you... but I think Mr. Angus can tell you better, why don't you ask him that?\" \"Oh, good idea, I'll ask him when I get back his home.\" \"No, better ask him when all us are together, I'm sure Germur doesn't know either. That would be glorious.\" \"Oh, good idea, I'll do that, Darma.\" I couldn't take it anymore, and I laughing out loud, imagining everyone's faces when he did it, especially Angus' one, I'm sure his eyes will pop out of his glasses. I know they'll do that. \"Did I say something funny?\" \"Ha ha ha... yes, no, well, sort of... ha ha ha ha; oh Bodi, if only knew how happy you make me.\" \"Well, you make me very happy too, Darma.\" \"Ha haaaaaaa…\" Laughing time is over there when I understood Bodi's word could mean something else. Dammit! All this declaration stuff was already annoying me more than it should. I wish he could tell me soon, to finish with this and return things as they were before, right? Until that moment, I had not thought of the consequences. I was sure I was going to say no, but, how was he going to take it? Bodi doesn't seem to be the spiteful type, I don't think he was going to act like Idiot Trey when I told him I wasn't interested in him and he acted like a jackass with me the whole time. No, Bodi didn't seem like him, although I doubt he'll continue to be this kind with me. Well, if he really did it with disinterest (and I was almost sure he was), he'll keep do it so, but if not, he'd be in his right to be disillusioned with me. But then I shook my head in order to get those ideas out of my mind. Why was I thinking that all of a sudden? And why did I care more about Bodi's feelings than mine? Because he was my friend, after all. I think no one likes to see a friend hurt, and the idea of seeing him hurt by love for my fault gave me a peculiar feeling. Wait a second... And since when it was my fault? Why was he overthinking it? \"Hey Darma.\" he said, drawing me out of my thoughts \"We arrived.\" \"What?\" I didn't notices when we coming at the subway's entrance. \"Ah, thanks Bodi! See you to-\" Suddenly, the mastiff hugged me fast and strongly. He did it as always, but that day I was so surprised that I couldn't correspond him, and I must admit it felt different from other times. \"Good bye Darma, see you tomorrow, Have a good trip!\" \"Err... yeah Bodi, thank you.\" I muttered shyly \"Bye.\" I waved my paw and said goodbye while the canine did the same wagging his tail jovially with a big smile, until I turned around and headed for the next train, with confused thoughts about a particular mastiff. Author's note: Second chapter's up! What did you think? Today's chapter's humor is a little bit cruder, maybe it's not at the same comedy level of the movie (Well, the \"I'm his... -BEEP- gardener\" makes me think..) But I hope you enjoyed it. But in the end, I will be more than happy to receive your comments, compliments or insults about it or my story in general. I want to take this opportunity to thank all the people who read my fanfic. Being Rock Dog a very small and almost dead fandom, I was surprised to have received a lot of views, maybe not as many as other stories, but it was much more than I expected. Thank you for your confidence, I hope you keep reading until the end of the fic. It's all for the moment, don't miss the next chapter: Sheer Heart Attack (yeah, it is what you think). Until another time![Chapter 3] Chapter 3: Sheer Heart Attack \"Alright Darma, 3... 2... 1... Rock!\" The strained strings of my bass echoed at Angus's studio, with a couple of notes I emulated one of my favorite songs. Imagining my own rhythm, I followed the song in my mind and when the time came, I began to sing. \"Uuuuhhhh... Let's go!\" Steve walks warily down the street With the brim pulled way down low Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet Machine guns ready to go Are you ready Are you ready for this? Are you hanging on the edge of your seat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat The persian cat's face told me he was impressed by my entrance, that was good; I stopped thinking about the nonsense that didn't let me sleep the night before and I concentrated about the only important thing in that moment. Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust I followed the song's arpeggio without trouble, although I missed Germur's drum a little, or a guitar accompaniment with Bodi... Bodi... Damn! I shouldn't think about him in that moment, I didn't want to distract myself; My voice faltered for one hundredth of a second but I continued, hoping Mr. Scattergood haven't would noticed. How do you think I'm going to get along Without you, when you're gone? You took me for everything that I had And kicked me out on my own Are you happy, are you satisfied? How long can you stand the heat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust I had reached a musical bridge but it had not any bass' note, so I left my instrument hanging from my shoulders and improvised clapping and stomping, simulating the invisible rhythm of the song. I got a little nervous, because I thought maybe Mr. Scattergood wouldn't like the inactivity with my bass. When I was about to continue the song, I heard an accompaniment with the drums by Angus, who was playing the cymbals and the Tom-Toms with the same beat and rhythm as I was. \"Don't stress or push yourself too much, darling; you're doing great... I admire that you respected the original song very well, it's also one of my favorites... oh, here goes your part!\" Mr. Angus stopped playing the cymbals and I knew it was almost time to resume with my bass solo. He left me on my own after an effusive drum roll and I continued. Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust I carried my bass again and played the final section. There are plenty of ways you can hurt a man And bring him to the ground You can beat him You can cheat him You can treat him bad and leave him When he's down But I'm ready, yes I'm ready for you I'm standing on my own two feet Out of the doorway the bullets rip Repeating the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust \"Shout out!\" Angus meowed pleased, \"Ha, ha ha, dear Darma. That was RAD!\" \"Oh, th-thank you very much, Mr. Scattergood,\" I said, a bit ashamed. \"I really don't have much to tell you to improve, I perceived that you lost the rhythm at first, it was very slight and not too noticeable, but I don't think it's a big deal.\" Damn, he noticed after all. \"I'm sorry, Angus.\" \"Nah, nothing that a little personal practice can't solve. And I have to congratulate you at the musical bridge, I'd have accepted to skip the choir, but it was a neat improvisation; but you almost have a nervous breakdown, it was just a rehearsal, take it easy honey, alright?\" \"Yes, of course, I'll keep in mind, sir.\" \"Sir? Pfff... I'm not that old, just call me Angus. What else did I want to tell you? Oh yeah! Darma darling, you have a very beautiful voice, working with the bass is fabulous as always, but I think you must share the mike with Bodi and me the next time.\" \"Really?\" \"Of course. Actually, I think you and Bodi would make a cute couple together and…\" I didn't know why, but I disliked his last line, the idea turned my stomach. \"Is something wrong, darling?\" \"No, it's nothing, I got distracted, what were you saying?\" \"That you and Bodi would make a cool duo together. Next time I'll try to compose songs with both of you as vocalists. Sounds great, isn't it?\" Phew, I think it was just my imagination. \"Of course.\" \"Ah ... but it was gratifying to finish this practice session with you, Darma darling, after the enormous cephalea that pair of hollow heads gave me\" he complained, rubbing his temple with both paws. \"Did you mean Germur and Bodi?\" \"Aaaahhh, don't remind me, at least with Germur, he just made me angry a little, teaching him is a challenge, until he doesn't start playing the drums it's hard to bring it back to the earth; But Bodi... Bloody damn! I've never had so many problems with the mutt. He has a natural talent for this and he learns very fast, but for a couple of days I've noticed him out focus…\" I looked at the Persian cat with interest and a little concerned when I inferred where is he going on. \"... and he doesn't want to tell me, but I think it's pretty obvious what's wrong. Don't you think so, Darma darling?\" \"Ah? What? What do you mean, Angus?\" \"Haven't you noticed yet? I thought you already had noticed, you're her closest friend, aren't you?\" \"I've seen him acting weirder than usual, but I don't know why.\" I lied or hoped it wasn't what I feared. \"Really?\" asked incredulously \"Shoot! I hoped you confirmed my suspicions darling, the cub hasn't told me, but for the strange way he was acting, for all the stuff he asked me today and his questions about girls, I'm sure the canine is in love. My stomach turned again. \"What? Bodi? Our Bodi in love? Pfff, the sweetest and the most innocent boy in the city? Are we talking about the same Bodi?\" I acted astonished the best I could, although perhaps I overdid it a little. Angus just looked at me in surprise, in fact, he lowered his glasses a little and saw me a second with his own eyes and it made me uneasy; he inspected me for awhile and then continued. \"Why, why are you looking at me like this? What did I say?\" \"I... nothing,\" he said quietly \"it isn't the answer I was expected from you, for a moment I thought maybe you-\" \"Hey, I didn't…!\" I cut him off nervously fearing he'd say I was the reason for Bodi's distraction. \"...maybe you knew who is that mysterious girl who makes the mutt more stupid than the usual.\" \"Ah, that... no, of course not, I have no idea.\" \"Really?\" \"Y-yes, yeah, really,\" I stuttered nervously \"What's more, I didn't even know that's was the Bodi's distraction's cause, I asked him yesterday what's going on but he didn't tell me a thing, so it's still hard to believe for me. Is Bodi really in love? How is are you so sure?\" \"Well, I'm not 100% sure, but his doubts were so obvious signs confirming it. Bodi asked me how to talk to a girl, and something about if it was too soon to formalize his friendship; I didn't get the last part at all, maybe it's a way of talking about courtship in his village, Who knows?\" \"Wait... what\" \"But the strangest thing is when I asked if he was in love or wanted to declare to someone to be his girlfriend, he insisted he didn't... I don't know, but it's very rare such stubborn attitude, even coming from Bodi. That's why I asked you if you didn't know the girl who is in the mutt's heart. As far as I know, the only girl around him is y-\" \"NO\" I almost cried out \"I mean, I don't know such girl. Yesterday he told me something about pretty females in his village.\" I barely told him nervously, \"Maybe he has a special friend waiting for him at Snow Mountain who nobody knows.\" \"No, no, no, impossible, Bodi was very clear when he ask for advice to talking with ladies, he told me he had no problem with his village's girls, but he wanted specific advice for downtown's females.\" The cat looked at me with a smile from ear to ear, \"That's why I have no doubt such lady had to be a girl he met here, Darma darling.\" I didn't like the Angus' tone or the way he looked at me, I think it was obvious he already knew indirectly what Bodi meant to tell me. As if it weren't enough just with Germur, now this perverted cat knew it too! \"But well, in the end, it's just a theory, maybe he's just curious about city's customs or differences, all of this must be new for him, after all…\" Now Angus changed the subject as if nothing. Why? \"... Or maybe, he still is confused about the stuff he saw the other day in... Oh well... it also explains his sudden interest in the city girls... oh hahaha, you dog…\" he laughed, stroking her chin, \"Bodi, you're full of surprises!\" \"Wait, what? What are they talking about...? Oh…\" It took me a few seconds to get what he meant. Probably the crap Bodi saw the other day by mistake. \"Errr, it's nothing, nothing important Darma, forget about it. Well, that's all, I just wanted to ask you if you knew anything about it, maybe I jumped to conclusions too quickly, Anyway, his personal life is none of my business, but I'm going to have to be more severe with the pup if he keeps acting like a dog in love and doesn't take the band seriously.\" This declaration thing was getting out of control and I thought it was time to end this all at once. I didn't want to be rude to Bodi, but if I gonna said him no, better do it sooner rather than later. Before continuing to have uncomfortable conversations with Angus or anyone else, I immediately decided to look for the mastiff and end this mess. He must have been in the mansion, I hadn't seen him since I arrived, but I didn't doubt he was in the kitchen with Germur at this hour as usual. \"Or what do you think, darling?\" \"Oh, yes, of course, I agree, Angus. So, tomorrow at the same time?\" \"Ah, no, I don't think so. You did very well today, Darma darling, there's nothing else I can teach you for now, I think we'll see in three days to practice together, shall we?\" \"Sure, it's perfect.\" \"Thank you, I know I am.\" \"Well, if you don't mind, I need to go and solve something important.\" I put my bass in my case, hang it on my shoulder, and quickly made my way out of the studio. \"Bye Angus, see ya in three...!\" \"Wait, Darma darling!\" he shouted, \"If you're looking for the pup, he's not here!\" I stopped short, and then wondered, How did you know that I was looking for Bodi? The cat came up to me with a silly smile. \"What did you say?\" \"Bodi's gone, he returned to Snow Mountain.\" \"But why?\" \"After the talk I had with him, the dog was still confused about the advice I gave him about girls, so I suggested he could ask for someone else, wiser and more experienced than I, and since the only ones he knows are his father and an old friend of his village, the stupid beast took the first bus to his home. What a fool, he could just have given him a call or used the fax.\" Damn it, just my luck! Now his father and his friend were going to find out too! Bodi! \"I'm sorry Darma, I'm sure you had a lot to say to your friend.\" He made another annoying laugh, \"But don't worry, you'll have much to talk to him when he returns, he told me he'd be back in two days.\" \"Did he say anything else, sir?\" I looked at him, trying not to look irritated. \"In fact, he asked me to say goodbye to everyone. Especially you, Darma darling.\" For some reason, one simple sentence made me stop thinking about Bodi's madness or Angus's idiot face, I calmed down at the moment, and I didn't know why. \"To me? Did he t-tell you anything about me?\" \"Not much.\" he said, pleased, \"He only apologized for not could say goodbye personally and for not being able to walk with you to your stop today, but he wishes you a nice weekend. Ah! And he thanks you for what you said him yesterday.\" \"What did I said him yesterday?\" \"No idea, I thought you'd know better, but hey, I think this is it.\" \"I get it... well, I guess I'll see him here Monday.\" \"That's right. So, it seems you're in a hurry, and it's not like I want to kick you out, but, I have cleaning to do around here, so…\" An idea passed through my head. Not a very good one. \"Ah, I understand Angus, well, I'll leave you alone.\" I went through the studio door, \"Good luck with your cleaning,\" I mentioned sarcastically, \"I hope this time you'll hide better those helpless kittens films,\" I laugh mischievously, \"Don't forget to clean your paws very well when you finish!\" \"Yeah, I'll do... wait, what did you just say!?\" I closed the door on his face and I remembered his stupid face when I said that last line. He wasn't the only one who knew how to tease others. I left the mansion and its intricate security system, I wandered alone on the main avenue and walked unhurriedly to the subway. It was the first time in a long time I got back home alone, there was nothing wrong with it and it wasn't I felt unprotected, but a little part of me missed that ridiculous dog talking about nonsense next to me. I was bored to death and didn't know what to do. It was a tedious Sunday afternoon, but I was so desperate I wanted it to be Monday to go back to the band's rehearsals, but especially to see Bodi. My motives were more selfish, I didn't want to see it because I was worried about the dog's feelings, but I wanted to end this damn drama once and for all. These days I spent them thinking way too much, sometimes even playing with the idea of what would happen if I said him 'yes', which gave me a strange mix of emotions between grace for how ridiculous it sounded and nausea for the idea of considering Bodi as something more than a friend or a band's member, but my decision hadn't changed at all. I was going to say him 'no' the next time I saw him, just hope he brings up the subject and I don't have to bring it up by force. Sitting on a bench at the Rock 'n' Roll Park, I listened to Sheer Heart Attack, with my eyes closed and my earphones on. I visualized myself playing the bass in the parts of the song where it was required, I was tempted to take my own bass from the case, although it didn't make much sense, because I had no place to plug it in, in fact, I didn't know why I brought it in first place. The custom, I suppose. Although I didn't play anymore here like the rest of the bands, it still seemed like an excellent place for relaxation, with some open field noises from different bands practicing their songs or entertaining other mammals; It was also an ideal place to go out with friends, well, my only friends now were that clumsy goat and that silly mastiff, Bodi... Bodi, Bodi, Bodi, again him! I had thought too much about him almost all weekend, and they weren't pleasant memories. I swore saw him everywhere, I was sick of it! I could almost imagine him in his irritating voice and his annoying smile saying me hello. \"Hey, Darma!\" And there it was again, that vague memory of him, making me lose again my concentration listening to music. Seriously, I really wanted Bodi was here right now to end with my agony. \"Hello, Darma!\" And it didn't stop, it was as if my mind played me a cruel joke, What did I have to do to stop thinking about him? \"Leave me alone!\" I screamed in annoyance. \"Oh. I'm sorry Darma, I didn't wanna bother you... I'll better come back at another time…\" That sounded too way real to me. \"Wait a minute... What?\" I opened my eyes confused, in front of me there was a boy I had never seen before, it was a handsome dog who looked at me with curious eyes, his hair was somewhat odd in a failed attempt to comb it, but looked attractive anyway. Then I saw the rest of him, he wore clothes between elegant and casual, wearing a white shirt and a black tuxedo jacket, but without a tie, and also wore jeans giving him an outstanding and contrasting look, I was stunned to see this awesome stud until I looked at his face again, he made an annoying and irritating smile making me notice how silly he was. \"I-i-it can't be... B-B-Bodi?! Is that you?\" I asked stupefied. \"Hey Darma!\" said the dog, saluting me with a paw. Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer Heart Attack It was the last thing I heard before taking off my earphones and seeing the mastiff as an idiot. Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeal Cardiac Author's notes: Hello again everyone. I am happy to publish the new chapter of this story in time. I know it maybe a bit short (not counting the song), but don't worry, the next and final chapter will be much longer and entertaining. Sadly, it also takes me more time to translate it. Please be patient. As a good Rock Dog fic, I thought I needed some music, so I decided to try with one of my favorite rock bands (and maybe Darma's). This isn't exactly a sonfic but I wanted to introduce some music, and when it was Darma's turn to shine, the first song to came to my mind with a bass was 'Another One Bites The Dust' by this awesome rock band, Queen. I don't know if you know them or like it, but I feel it represent perfectly the vixen's style. Oh well, thanks for keep reading this and your little but valuable readings, kudos, and reviews. Disclaimer: This story is fiction, any resemblance to reality is mere coincidence. The lyrics and musical references used in this chapter, 'Another One Bites The Dust' and 'Sheer Heart Attack' belong to the successful English band 'Queen' and their respective owners. The musical pieces were used only as harmonization and without any profit. Rock Dog belongs to Mandoo Pictures, Huayi Brothers, and their respective owners, the story was written for entertainment purposes and without any profit. History created by Janyo or Kirby_Hanyou. All rights (and lefts) reserved.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: More than a friend He was Bodi! But why did he look like this? Why did he have this odd makeover? Why did his hair look so awesome? And why the hell did he look so damn hot I barely could recognize him!? Only a few days ago he was the same mastiff, in those strange clothes and his silly hat, but now he looked like some kind of soap opera's leading actor or Casanova. Oh no! I think my wish came true to talk to him personally but... What the hell was going on here!? \"Bodi, what happened to you?\" I insisted amazed, \"Why are you dressed like that? Or rather, why are you here?\" \"Well, I…\" he scratched his head and stopped smiling, wincing with embarrassment, \"I've come to talk to you, Darma.\" This didn't look well, I was beginning to feel more awkward than I should be. \"T-to t-t-talk to me? And you dressed like that just to talk to me?\" \"Yeah... well no. The thing is... ah,\" he sighed, \"it's a long story…\" \"Don't worry, I have a lot of free time…\" \"Errr... Ok…\" Bodi seemed uncomfortable telling me that, \"... I've wanted to talk about something very important but, I didn't know how to tell you, so I asked my dad for advice. He told me, in order to talk with a lady about it, first…\" \"Wait, what?\" \"... I have to be presentable, although I still think this's too much... I feel like a fool about this.\" \"Of course you're a fool, but I must admit you're a good-looking one. Ugh!\" I hurried to cover my mouth, 'Oh no!' I said mentally, 'What on earth am I thinking?' Bodi saw me with some shyness and embarrassment as he stood with one paw into his pocket and another one in his back. \"I-I-I mean! You look too good-looking for the city, a little formal for my taste, but it's much better than your typical village clothes and your silly hat.\" \"Thanks, Darma... Hey! My hat is not silly!\" \"Yes, of course it is, Bodi.\" The dog made an annoying grimace, but then he smiled amused, it's the closest I've seen him angry, he's always too laid back and positive. The air tightened a little less and now he looked a bit calmer. \"Oh! Before I forget it. Have this.\" Bodi held out his paw and handed me a bouquet with a few red, white, and pink flowers which took me by surprise. This was getting more and more embarrassing. Why was Bodi doing this? In a normal situation, I'd have rejected this show of affection, even I'd have tossed them in the face, but it was so rare and unexpected I accepted them almost mandatory and with a strange tingling through my stomach. \"Thanks, but why...? Why do you give me this Bodi? Perhaps, do I li...?\" \"No, no, no!\" he waved his paws and then shook his head, \"Your mom sent them, she asked me to give them to you.\" \"Well... wait, what? My mom? Why...?\" it hit me like a bucket of cold water, \"BODI, DID YOU TALK TO MY MOTHER!\" I cried out hysterically and so loudly the mastiff was startled and all the animals near the park turned towards us. What was the hell wrong with him? Why did Bodi meet and chat with my crazy mother? I thought he just wanted to be his girlfriend, not to pop the question! Seriously, this whole mess has already tried my patience, I had to end this immediately! \"Hey, I'm so sorry Darma, I didn't think it'd bother you so much…!\" I saw him genuinely scared. Okay, maybe I overdid a bit. I took a deep breath and calmed down, Bodi looked concerned, maybe there was an explanation for this; if not, he really would regret it. \"I'm sorry, I didn't... it took me by surprise. Ok, just tell me, why did you talk to my mother, Bodi?\" I said, gritting my teeth, \"Or rather, how did you know where I live?\" I questioned him more accusingly than I should. \"Well, since I didn't know how to find you, I went to see Germur first, he told me where you lived…\" First thing tomorrow morning: I'm gonna punch Germy in the back of the head. \"...so I went looking for you at your home to talk personally, but your mother opened the door and…\" Well, that made more sense, maybe I was overdoing it a bit. Asking for my paw? What the heck was I thinking? \"... she asked me who I was and what I wanted, I told her I was a friend of yours and she immediately invited me to come in.\" Although I didn't expect anything good coming from my mother. This didn't look fine. \"Ok, and then what happened?\" \"Your mom was a very nice and kind lady, she invited me to sit in the living room and offered me tea and little cookies. They were very tasty by the…\" \"Get to the point, Bodi!\" \"Oh, sorry. Anyway, she started asking me questions about myself, my name, my job or occupation, how long we know each other, how and where we first met, how close we were, if I thought you're gorgeous and if I can bear your bad temper, what interest I had in you…\" It wasn't just bad. It was much worse than I thought! Of all the people Bodi would find, why has it been precisely my crazy mother!? She desired that I'd go out with guys and have boyfriends like my cousins. Even married and with children! I stopped bringing male friends to my house for that reason, she harassed every one of them just like Bodi. It's always the same with her! It seemed more like she was the one who wanted to hand over my paw in marriage to any guy. And now that guy was this dog! \"Ok, enough! I've got it, Bodi.\" \"Alright Darma.\" \"Did she tell you anything other than personal questions?\" \"I don't think so. After that, she told me about how much she cared for you, about how sad did she feel because you always were so lonely and she concerned for your safety when you returning late. She said she'd feel calmer if you'd have a handsome boy by your side bringing you safe and sound to home…\" This couldn't be more embarrassing. At this point, I was afraid to keep asking. \"... and even if you weren't a vixen as attractive as others, deep down you are very…\" \"Ok, enough!\" I cut him off very mad for the last part. Very subtle, Bodi, \"Say no more... well, just one thing, why did my mom ask you to send me flowers?\" \"No idea. When I told her I wanted to talk to you about something important and I asked her for advice, she got very excited and started saying a lot of things…\" Kill me please. \"She suggested me to give you flowers. Which is weird, because I thought you didn't like flowers, Darma; but your mom insisted and even gave me money to buy them, and I did so.\" \"Oh, Mom. She knows I don't like these things! Why in the world...? Wait a second. Why did you know I don't like flowers?\" \"You told me long ago.\" \"Did I do that? I don't remember it. But it's a minor detail, isn't it? Why haven't you forgotten it yet?\" \"I dunno. I always pay attention to every single word you say.\" We quite suddenly. I looked at Bodi and he seemed a little nervous, he wanted to tell me something. After all this show, I thought it was time for ending this. I took a deep breath, left the flowers on the park bench next to my bass, and began to talk. \"Bodi…\" \"Dar-,\" he interrupted me, \"... err... sorry, talk first…\" \"It doesn't matter, but thank you. You have been acting very strange these days Bodi, and you haven't told me why. Is about what you wanted to tell me today, isn't it?\" The boy only nodded. I only sighed, confirming my suspicions and trying to prepare myself for what was coming for. \"And I suppose the advice you have asked Angus, your father and my mother has to do with me, right?\" \"Afirmati- wait, how do you...?\" \"Mah, feminine intuition, I think. It must have been something very important and difficult for you to have taken so much trouble.\" \"Yes... well, not so much but…\" \"Hey, it doesn't matter Bodi, just,\" I sighed tired, \"ah, just tell me. I'm all ears.\" The boy remained silent for a few seconds, he swallowed hard with a little haste, took a deep breath and his face changed from a nervous and insecure one to something more firm and serene look. \"Darma,\" he said in a deep, gravely voice, \"I...oh, I can't.\" his brand-new manly voice was lost at once. \"Hey, chill out, if you prefer I can…\" \"The thing is, I was asking for advice because I wasn't sure how to tell you this…\" \"I get it, Bodi; that's why I think…\" \"... but everyone was telling me different and strange things, and I really can't do it the way they want …\" Hey, don't ignore me, you rude. \"I think these clothes,\" he said, taking his sack with a paw, \"or the flowers are too much for what I wanna tell you and-\" \"Bodi!\" I yelled and he turned to look at me, \"Whatever you have to tell me, just do it your way, okay? Be yourself, but just do it, will you?\" \"Darma…\" The mastiff saw me in surprised like a fool, then smiled at me with a more confident gesture and nodded. \"Alright Darma…\" The dog approached me and stared into my eyes, the short distance between our snouts made me nervous and worry more than I should, more than enough when I felt his breathing so close to mine; without losing eye contact, I felt some big, huge furry paws over my own ones, their chubby, thick fingers barely managed to catch mine timidly, I didn't know why something so trivial and simple made me too much nervous, and never knew why I couldn't let loose him right away. \"Darma…\" he said in a soft, warm voice. \"Bodi? What... what do you think you're doing?\" I asked sorta confused, \"What was that important thing you have to tell me?\" Weird. All the hurry for Bodi to told me about his feelings had faded away, unknown to me, I wanted to hear what Bodi had to say, despite knowing what it was and despite already have my answer. \"I know I haven't gotten to know you very well yet, but in this short time that we have spent together with the band, eating together, resting in between rehearsals, the concerts we have played or the times I have accompanied to your home; everything has been a very pleasant experience to me.\" Bodi spoke in a such a natural and relaxed way, almost the same as he used to talk to me, but at the same time, so different from other times, he spoke in a different manner, with another pitch, one that made him sound more confident about himself and with a hypnotic and, for lack of a better word, almost... seductive voice... Why? Why was this happening? Since when did he become so attractive or almost... romantic? Perhaps was it the clothes and the hairstyle? The detail of the flowers? His warm breath on my face, the fluffy touch of his paws and looking at me like no one had seen me before? Or that strange but addictive fragrance I had just noticed? Heavens! What was the hell wrong with me? \"You're a fantastic girl, an excellent friend and I like you a lot, I know maybe I haven't met many animals, but I think you're the most incredible and amusing female I've ever met\" ' No Bodi, please stop, cut the mushy talk, please! I'm nothing like that, I'm not the girl you're talking about'. I thought in that moment, but I didn't know why I couldn't get it out of my chest. My curiosity, my stupid curiosity to know what he was going to tell me didn't let me speak to interrupt him... or maybe, it was attractive and addictive to listen to someone saying those words I didn't know I liked to hear until that moment. \"Because of this, I've thought about to go to the next level, consolidating this friendship and being something more than your friend .\" he emphasized that last part way too seriously. \"Oh Bodi, I'm not…\" I avert my eyes, I didn't know whether it was by the few subtle words or by shame and sorrow that crossed my face at that moment, I couldn't look into his eyes, not like this. \"Darma, listen to me, please.\" I looked away a little more, it was so sudden that a feeling of dread settled over me, especially because I knew what he was going to ask me, and especially because I know what I would respond him; if he really thought that of me, if he really felt that for me, I realized that if I saw him in the face and told him that I wasn't interested in him as he was in me, I couldn't look at him again in the eyes for the rest of my life with the band. Why did I suddenly worry about his feelings? What did this dog have that makes me detest and underestimate him for a moment and then worry about him and feel love? Wait a second, did I just said 'love'? No, no, no, no, no! No freaking way! He was my friend, he was nothing but my friend and I didn't want to hurt him. I had to leave, I had to leave right away! This was too much for me. \"Bodi, I'm not... I'm sorry...\" I let go his paws without seeing him in the eyes, \"I can't...\" \"Wait!\" He took one of my paws again, preventing me from turning my back on him, then I felt one of his enormous claws on my cheek making me turned to look at him immediately, I couldn't help but lost into his gaze again, he seemed a little concerned but when we saw each other, he showed me a warm smile. \"Just listen to me, Darma,\" he retired his paw from my cheekbone, \"listen to what I have to tell you.\" \"Hey, better at another time, I don't think...\" \"Darma,\" the rude mastiff cut me off again, \"I... I wanna ask you:\" Oh, Heavens! At that moment I felt the time stopped, my world was turning pink and disgustingly cheesy, I could even imagine some soft jazz music, and suddenly, I felt a lot of stomachs in my butterfly, in the absence of a better way of describes it. Then, something touched my paw and took me back to reality, I felt Bodi's paws on mine again. For Freddy Mercury's mustache! He was about to tell me, he was about to declare his love to me! \"... will you…\" I couldn't believe it, he was actually doing it! I just looked at him moved and eager to hear his words. I even waved my tail like a silly schoolgirl! But I was infinitely worried because every second was harder to say him no. \"... do me..\" Stop delaying it and just tell me now! End with this! \"... the honor…\" Hurry up already! \"...of being…\" Yes, yes, yes, ok, you win, yes, yes, YES! \"... my best friend?\" So it was. As ridiculous and foolish as only Bodi could be, he gave me the most romantic and cheesy scene I have ever experienced in my life, staring into my eyes, holding my paws and making his trademark stupid smile. \"Oh Bodi... Yes, yes... yes! Wait a second... W-What did you just say?\" Time ran its course again and the soft Jazz music, dim lights, and little hearts in the air disappeared from that love declaration or a sorry excuse for a love declaration in an instant. \"I said: Will you do me the honor of being my best friend?\" repeated that imbecile, just like that. \"Your... your... your... your...? Your best friend?!\" THIS WHOLE MESS WAS JUST A STUPID BEST FRIEND DECLARATION?! BBBBBBOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII! \"Yes! That's it, my best friend,\" he said excitedly. \"I wasn't sure to tell you, because I didn't know if you have this custom in the city, or if you didn't feel the same way I did, but hey, it's done,\" he sighed, relieved, \"What do you say Darma?\" he asked with an idiotic smile, \"Darma? Darma?\" \"Bodi…\" I gritted my fangs. What the hell was wrong with him!? He intrigued me with his mystery and nonsense, went to his village just to asked for advice, talked with my crazy mother, wore that stupid tuxedo, bought flowers and did this whole romantic crap. And for what? He just friendzoned me!? Was it a cruel joke? Was he toying with? Did he find comical to delude a girl, to me? I never expected anything as despicable as that, not from you Bodi! \"Errr... Darma, is something wrong...? Did I say something wrong...? Ah!\" \"BODI... YOU... YOU IDIOT!\" \"Darma! Wait, wait a second, please calm down...! Argh!\" Blinded by the anger and shame he made me feel, I didn't think twice, grabbed my bass by the neck with both paws and tried to hit Bodi with it, but the bastard dodged it. I wanted to kill him! \"You're a fool, fool, fool, fool, Bodi! Ah! Ah! Take that!\" \"Darma! Wait\" he avoided each of my fast blows, \"Please, calm down! What did I say? W-what did I do to make you so upset?\" I tried to knock him out with my bass unsuccessfully, but the son of a bitch managed to avoid each one of my attacks, if I wouldn't have been so mad and wanting to kill him, I would have recognized his incredible reflexes, but it didn't be enough to make me stop with the sole idea of revenge my wounded heart with a physical vengeance. \"Don't be a smartass! Ah! Ah! How dare you...? Ah! To play with? Ah! My feelings!?\" I keep trying to beat him with the hardest part of my bass, \"Don't move!\" In that moment, the mastiff stopped and stood, I took advantage of his strange behavior to giving him a stronger blow in his hollow head; I pounded my instrument, but before it could touch him, he caught my bass with both paws. \"Darma..\" \"Let it go!\" I struggle trying regained control over my makeshift weapon, \"Let go of my bass so I can hit you with it!\" \"Please Darma, calm down, you're going to crash it!\" \"Yes, but in your head, you bastard!\" \"Darma!\" The mastiff shouted at me and brought his face closer to mine, all my rage and fury decreased when I sensed Bodi's presence, but instead of looking at me with anger or annoyance, his eyes showed a pleading attitude. \"Please, chill out. You once told me this bass meant a lot to you, I don't think you really want to hit me and risk crashing it. I dunno what I did wrong or what I did to offend you if you don't tell me... but whatever it was, I'm sorry. But tell me what it was exactly so I can apologize properly to you.\" I was still agitated and breathing rapidly by the effort and wrath running through my veins, but his words and face showed me nothing but the truth, making me think straight. What was I doing? Why did I act so angry and impulsively? The idiot was right, I almost destroyed something so important to me!: My bass. Oh, and of course, I almost hurt this dumb doggie. I let out a big heavy sigh and stopped fighting back. \"Let go my bass, please Bodi.\" I requested him more calmly. \"Alright.\" he obeyed quickly. \"Thank you.\" I straightened my instrument and hung it on my shoulder to show I wasn't going to attack him again with it. \"I'm sorry Darma, I don't know what I did wrong, I just wanted to ask you to be my best friend and…\" \"Ush!\" I bellowed annoyed, \"Really Bodi? Are you serious? What kind of joke...?\" \"But it's truth Darma!\" \"What do you mean!? All this time you were quiet, evasive and asking for advice to half the city! Was it just to ask me to be your best friend?\" \"Yes!\" \"What the f...? Oh heavens\" I sat on the park bench, confused, \"Bodi, I don't, I don't get it. Why so much mystery and drama for something as simple as being your best friend?\" \"Hey, it's not that simple,\" he sat down next to me, \"in my village, it's a special event when we…\" Something clicked in my mind. \"Just one second... In your village?\" \"Yes, in my village, why...?\" \"In your village you always do these kinds of things?\" \"Well yes, in Snow Mountain, when you have a friend you like a lot and it's very, very special for you, you make a declaration to become his or her best friend, it's a very special and solemn tradition everyone does in my village.\" At that time, I didn't know how I could still think clearly. I smacked my forehead to check it. \"Bodi…\" \"What happens? Did all of you also do this in the city, didn't you? Or do you have another name for...?\" \"No Bodi, we don't do that here…\" \"Wait, what?\" \"Yes, as you hear it, Bodi, I think that kind of traditions only exists in your village.\" \"Don't you have the concept of best friends here? Do you just call yourselves friends and no more?\" \"Of course we have it, but we don't do a party for it, at least in this city, we didn't do that kind of celebration. Did you really have to do a big deal just to tell me that? Why didn't you just ask me?\" \"I... oh, Heavens, I feel like a fool…\" \"Ah... believe me, I feel even more stupid than you…\" \"The thing is... It's something very special in my village, I wanted it would be something very special between you and me, Darma. I really like you a lot.\" Why? Why did I still feel weird talking about it? \"Wait, did you do all this just for me?\" \"Yes, everything I told you is true, did you think I was joking?\" \"No, no, no... of course not... I even believed it very well, maybe... too much, but then, why did you take it so far?\" \"I thought in the city, the best friend declaration could be different, so I asked Mr. Scattergood, when I told him about I wanted to be more than your friend Darma, he started telling odd stuff about how to talk to girls and…\" \"Hey, hey, wait a second, did you tell that to Angus? Did you tell him you wanted to be more than my friend !?\" \"Yeah, I did, because being more than a friend means being a best friend, right?\" \"BODI, YOU STUPID DUMBASS!\" I yelled him in the ear, \"That doesn't mean more than a friend, at least not in the city!\" \"What? What do you say, then what does it mean?\" I smacked my face off. It was incredible. This guy who already saw kitty porn couldn't be so naive. Or innocent. Or stupid. \"Bodi, being more than a friend here means G-I-R-L-F-R-I-E-N-D,\" I spelled angrily, \"Basically you asked Angus help for getting a girlfriend, me apparently\" \"What, what, what, WHAT?\" I didn't know why, but Bodi's scared face hurt me a bit. \"Oh, and I thought I was the one overdid things.\" \"Does it really mean that? Oh, furballs!\" \"Uh-huh.\" I said. \"I didn't want that... I mean, Mr. Scattergood thought that you and me...?\" \"Oh yeah.\" I nodded a little amused that time. \"I mean, I and you? He thought I wanted you to be my girlfriend!?\" \"Bingo!\" I nodded mockingly, \"And I think he wasn't the only one you asked for advice, aren't you?\" \"No, I asked Germur, a guy from the noodles, Snow Mountain's bus driver, Carl, my dad, Fleetwood, the city's bus driver... And your mom too!\" Seriously, I wasn't joking when I said Bodi told half the city about us. \"Yes, it seems so. Now, everyone thinks you wanted me as…\" \"I even told you too!\" \"Hey, don't mention it…\" I muttered a bit embarrassed. \"That's why you got mad at me and you almost blow my head off!\" \"Hey, don't overdo it, it wasn't a big deal! And you deserved that for toying with my feelings!\" \"Oh Darma... I... I... I'm so, so sorry.\" Suddenly, I saw Bodi completely dejected, for the first time, since what happened with Angus on the radio interview, I saw him very disheartened. So much so that my desires to humiliate him more were replaced by a little pity. \"I am a fool…\" \"Bodi…\" I patted on his shoulder. \"I was supposed to be your best friend but look what I did! I told everyone a lie and the worst, I hurt you.\" \"Hey, Bodi, let it go, we've already cleared up everything, don't…\" \"I'm a big fool, I can't even call myself your friend…\" \"Bodi!\" I took him with both paws, \"Hey, listen to me. It was just a misunderstanding, okay? Yes, it was uncomfortable and embarrassing, but it wasn't your... well, it wasn't your fault at all, okay? It's just that, a misunderstanding and…\" \"Surely you must hate me…\" \"Hey, no, to hate is a very strong word, I wouldn't say…\" \"Of course you hate me! It must have been something awful what I told you that you wanted to break your precious bass on me!\" he sobbed completely frightened. Bodi was terrified, why did his emotions change so fast? And why did I go from love to anger, then to compassion, and in that moment, to guilt in such a short time? \"I was an idiot! I'm just a...!\" \"Bodi!\" I kissed him. On his cheek, of course. Why? I dunno. I just wanted to calm him or... I really didn't know, something told me it was the right place and time for it. And it worked very well. \"Darma…\" \"I don't hate you,\" I said him softly, \"Bodi, I was a bit angry with you because I found out about the whole situation in a rude way... Ah, okay,\" I sighed in annoyance, \"I may want to rip your head off, yes, but I don't hate Bodi; misunderstandings happen all the time and sometimes even good friends fight each others, but nothing else happens with their friendship... besides, do you remember all the nice things you told me before? What about your declaration? Those were your own words, right? \"Yeah... well, I…\" \"It wasn't someone else's advice, wasn't it? Is that what you think of me?\" \"Yes, positive.\" \"Then, let's do this. Could you...? Could you repeat your declaration one more time for me?\" \"What!?\" he exclaimed, surprised. \"Please, could you?\" Bodi smiled at me, he took both of my paws as he stood up while I keep sitting on the bench. \"Darma, I... Furballs! I don't remember at all…\" \"Don't repeat it exactly, you silly,\" I scolded and laughed at the same time, \"just tell me what you feel, be yourself.\" \"Okay, here I go.\" he took a deep breath and began: \"Darma, although we've met a short time ago, it was enough to know you are a spectacular girl, maybe I don't know many mammals in the city or many animals in the world, but I think you are unique, funny, amusing, sometimes grumpy…\" \"Hey! You didn't say that the last time!\" \"Heh, heh, I'm sorry, but not for that you're less amazing, quite the contrary, I admire your decided character, and I enjoy spending time with you. I think you are a great friend who has helped me and made me spend incredible moments here, in the city and my new home. So today, I would like to take an important step to our friendship, I'd like to know: Do you wanna be my best friend?\" Bodi looked at me with expectant eyes, his words were different, perhaps they didn't give me the same feeling of panic or sweetness they transmit me the first time, but I could feel his emotions and thoughts for me were authentics and made me feel needed and loved, at least as his friend, no, his best friend and that was enough for me. I stood up without letting go of his paws and I looked at him in the eyes now confident and without any doubts. \"Yes Bodi, I accept, I would love to be your gi... ahem, not only your friend but your best friend.\" \"Darma…\" \"Bodi…\" I set free from his paws and gave him a big, tight hug, feeling not only a release and an incredible peace but also the warmth of a boy who loves you purely and nobly. We stayed like this for a few seconds until I freed from his grip with a heavy heart. \"Well.\" he said happily and jovially as only he could be, \"What are you wanting to do now, new best friend?\" \"First, new best friend, promise me 'new best friend' is definitely out. Keep calling Darma, okay?\" \"Okie Dokie Darma.\" \"Second, it's late and I'm hungry. Why don't we go out to eat?\" \"Mr. Wu's noodles?\" \"You read my mind but... Darn it! I forgot my wallet at home, I think…\" \"Don't worry!\" Bodi pulled out some bills from his pocket, \"Your mom gave me a lot of money.\" \"Wait, what?\" I took all the bills my crazy mother gave him. I didn't remember she had given me so much money in my life, not even on my birthday, \"Why did she give you all this?\" \"Besides the flowers, she gave me money to go to the movies, dine, have some ice creams and... I don't remember the last thing she said, it was something about sleeping together somewhere…\" Bodi put a paw on his chin, thoughtful, \"... I can't remember at all but she said before anything, I'd have to buy something at the pharmacy... What did she tell me?\" he snapped his fingers, \"Oh, gotcha! I think she said getting some rub…\" \"Forget it Bodi!\" I laughed nervously hiding my anger, \"Gosh, I gonna kill my mom when I get home.\" I took all the bills from Bodi's paw, \"I think this will be enough to pay for the food, and maybe some ice cream, do you think it's OK?\" \"Of course Darma!\" \"Then let's go\" We walked along to the noodle stand, but I remembered something. \"Go ahead, I'll catch up with you.\" \"Okay.\" I ran back to the bench to check if I haven't forgotten anything, and over it, I saw the little bouquet Bodi gave me. I watched and I thought for a minute; although this whole declaration mess was nothing but a dumb misunderstanding, I must admit it was something strange and curious, made me see everyone, especially Bodi, in a new light. I felt calm and peaceful because my friendship with the mastiff remained almost unchanged, but if I'm really honest with myself, my heart beat very differently with the first Bodi's declaration. Despite my fears and insecurities, or my crazy imagination, it was something nice I've never felt this before. I'm afraid in the rare case his declaration really would have been becoming more than his friend... I would have said yes. Oh well, what can I do about it? Time will tell. But for now, my only worries are the music, my friends and have a good time with Bodi, the boy who wanted to be more than my friend. I took two flowers from the bunch and ran to where Bodi was, leaving behind the small bouquet. -The End- Ending notes: That's all folks! Thank you for reading this, I hope you liked, even if the ending is a bit odd or not too romantic, in my defense I'll say, this always was a comedic fanfic, I hope you had enjoyed it anyway. Does it deserves a little review? I wish yes. Thank you very much for all the beautiful people of AOW, Wattpad and FF, thanks for reading it. I'll keep translating my Zootopia fanfic 'Dumb Fox' Chapter 9 is out, I hope you enjoy it too. Disclaimer: This story is fiction, any resemblance to reality is mere coincidence. The lyrics and musical references used in this chapter, ' Another One Bites The Dust ' and ' Sheer Heart Attack ' belong to the successful English rock band ' Queen ' and their respective owners. The musical pieces were used only as harmonization and without any profit. Rock Dog belongs to Mandoo Pictures , Huayi Brothers , and their respective owners, the story was written for entertainment purposes and without any profit. Credits: Fanfic cover is a fanart made by elranno History created by Janyo or Kirby_Hanyou. All rights (and lefts) reserved. Nothing more to say, Good-Bye and keep being Glorious ! Greetings. ~Declaration~ -Janyo- ~September 30th, 2017~ ","Summary":" Initial Notes: Hi everyone and welcome to my fanfic! This time I share you a short story about a co"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"New Paradise","Author":"BreadBreath109","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12409054","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This takes place immediately after the ending of the movie. \"We'll be glorious and you know it's true!\" Bodi sung as he lifted up his hand in victory as the crowd around him cheered on, he felt so accomplished. As the background music ended, Bodi looked over at Angus, his mentor. He might be a little rude, but he is almost like a father figure to him. Bodi then looked at Darma and smiled. The young fox smiled back at him. She never told him, but she actually thought Bodi was cute in some way, despite being extremely naive. As the crowd cheered on, Bodi finally turned to see his father, Khampa. The middle-aged mastiff stood up straight, and for once, Bodi saw him with a smile on his face. Not a smile of happiness, a smile of pride. A little while after, the musicians talking about their performance, when they all suddenly stopped and looked back at Khampa standing by the door. \"Um…. I think he's here for you Bodi\" Darma whispered into his ear. Bodi then got up and began walking towards Khampa. \"You guys can go to the bus, I'll be out in a few minutes.\" Bodi said before going with Khampa. Khampa led him to a small room backstage and looked at Bodi. Khampa all of a sudden hugged Bodi, as his son did the same to him back. Khampa then looked at his son and said \"Bodi, I am very proud of you. For years, I wanted you to be like me, but you couldn't find that fire inside of you. But now I realize that you are more than just a copy of me, you are your own man. That's why I'm letting you go out on your own.\" \"Wait, you're just gonna let me go out on my own, even though I'm only fifteen. I mean I know that I went out to the city, but you're just gonna let me go with Linnux still out there?\" he said back in response. \"Son, there's something you've got to know. You can't just live in fear for your whole life. I know that Linnux is still out there, but one day I'm gonna be gone and you're gonna have to defend yourself. You can still visit me whenever you want, but as of right know, you are a free man.\" he replied. Khampa then hugged his son again. \"Thank you dad.\" Bodi said in response. The musicians were waiting by Angus's bus when Bodi finally came out towards the bus. \"So, how'd it go?\" Darma said as he approached her. \"Well guys, I'm officially a free man.\" Bodi said much to the surprise of his friends. \"Wait, what? So you're dad let you go, despite Linnux still being out there?\" Darma said in shock. \"Well, he said that I can't just live in fear my whole life and that I'm gonna have to defend myself once he's gone. So he decided to let me go.\" he replied. \"Okay, so I guess you're gonna come stay at Angus's with us?\" she said. \"Yeah I might as well, I'm tired anyways.\" Bodi said as he got up into the bus along with her before taking a seat. \"So Mr Scattergood, what happened with the whole music situation?\" he said as he sat down behind him. \"Well, they called me back and told me that they were cancelling my contract due to me not turning it in on time and hanging up on them when they called me.\" Angus replied much to the shock of his friends. \"But it's all okay since I just posted the whole truth about the song on Twitter, and if I know the company well enough, they'll just come crawling to me because they need me.\" Angus said with a confident grin.\" After a few minutes of driving, they finally made it back to Angus's mansion and were about to head out when Bodi realized something. \"Hey what are we gonna do about him?\" Bodi said as he pointed towards Germur, who was sleeping in one of the seats. Angus turned and put his hands on his sides, thinking about what he should do. He then got an idea and went to a cabinet where he pulled out a hand-held blowhorn. \"Why do you have a blowhorn in your bus?\" Darma said in confusion. \"I have my reasons\" he said as he walked by her. He stopped in front of Germur and looked at him before taking the blowhorn and talking into it. \"WAKE UP!\" he said into it as the others covered their ears from the loudness. \"Trust me, that won't do anything. He's a really heavy sleeper. You could blow up a bomb and he still wouldn't wake up.\" Darma said as the loudness stopped. \"Well then how we gonna get him out?\" Bodi said. \"You guys are gonna have to carry him in\" she replied. \"WHAT!?\" he said as Angus put a hand on his face. \"I mean, you guys don't have to carry him in, but you know what they say, no man left behind.\" she said. \"Fine!\" they both replied in unison. The two went over to Germur and grabbed him by his hands and ankles before carrying him out. \"My God, when was the last time this guy had a shower?\" Bodi said as they entered through the gate. \"Look who's talking\" Angus replied. \"Hey! I smell good for a dog, right Darma?\" he said. \"What?\" Darma replied. \" Do I really smell that bad?\" he thought to himself as they made it to the door. \"Remember Bodi, don't step on the rug unless you want to kill us all.\" Angus said. \"Alright you guys, I think you can leave him here.\" Darma said as they entered the mansion. \"But wait, we're just gonna leave him on the floor?\" \"Trust me, I know him, he'll sleep anywhere.\" she replied The two laid Germur down on the floor and stood there before Angus started to head to his room. \"Alright, I'm gonna go to bed. In the meantime you two can do whatever you want, just don't do anything nasty.\" The two teens blushed a little bit at that statement and were now alone in the living room. \"Well, I think I'm gonna go to bed as well.\" he said as he began to walk towards one of the bedrooms. \"Wait!\" she said as she grabbed one of his hands. \"Can you like… sleep with me? I mean I almost lost you tonight and I just wanna stay with you.\" \"Um… Sure, I'd love that.\" he replied blushing deeply. The two teens walked into one of the bedrooms before taking a seat on the giant bed. \"Alright, I'm gonna have to change, so don't get any ideas.\" she said as she went up to the closet, facing it so Bodi could only see her back. \"Um.. Okay\" he said gulping a bit at that statement. Darma then opened up the closet before removing most of her clothes, leaving her in only her bra and panties. Bodi then looked at her wide eyed as she let her bra fall down to the floor, even though he couldn't see what was under it. She then put on a t-shirt and sweatpants before climbing into bed with him. She quickly noticed how much he was blushing. \"What?\" she said to him. \"Nothing\" he said, trying to hide his red face. \"Bodi, I can see how red your face is, even in the dark.\" she replied. \"It's just that, I've never seen you like that before.\" he replied. \"Oh my God, you're such a big baby. Just my bare back can turn you into a tomato. Now just lay down with me.\" she said. He complied and go into the bed, laying right next to her. After a few minutes of rolling around on both sides, Darma laid her head on Bodi's chest and snuggled up to his warmth. \"That's better.\" she said, enjoying the sensation of their bodies touching. Bodi was shocked at first, but then smiled and cuddled with her before the two fell asleep for the rest of the night. Part 2: Coming soon[Chapter 2] Darma's eyes slowly began to open as the bright sun shined upon her face. She began to feel that she was on, quite possibly the softest surface she'd ever slept on. She had lived out on the streets her whole life, so this feeling was way better than sleeping on street benches. As her muscles began to wake up, she could feel that somebody's arms were wrapped around her. When she rose up from her slumber, she could now see who she was in bed with. \"Bodi?\" she said as she realized she was in bed with the mastiff. He slowly began to rise up as he heard his name being called. As he sat up in bed and opened his eyes, he was now face to face with Darma. The two sat there for a minute trying to process the awkward situation they were in. As the two began to look around the room, Darma noticed something in the corner of her eye. She didn't realize what it was at first, but she slowly realized what the piece of fabric that was laying on the floor was. \"Um.. Bodi…. Did we do anything last night?\" she said in confusion. \"What do you mean?\" he asked. Darma then pointed at her bra lying down on the floor. Bodi looked confused at why her bra was on the floor, but then corrected her. \"Uh.. No, we didn't do anything like that last night. Remember when you had to change your clothes in here and it was really awkward for me?\" he replied. \"Oh, okay.\" she said, feeling silly that she thought they had done anything like that. The two were both blushing and were about to lay back down, when Bodi felt his elbow hit a piece of paper. He turned his head to see an envelope with words written on the back. \"What does it say?\" Darma asked as he picked up the envelope. \" I decided to give you a bit of a reward for the new song. If you have any questions, I'm gonna be in the studio. Oh and by the way, didn't I tell you two not to do anything nasty :) - Mr. Scattergood\" he read off, a bit embarrassed. Bodi then opened up the envelope and was now wide-eyed at what he saw in there. He pulled out a stack of money and began counting it. \"Talk about rags to riches.\" she said as he continued counting his money. \"So, how'd he get all the income from the song if they cancelled his contract?\" he said in confusion. \"They probably did what he said they would do and come crawling back to him.\" she replied. She continued to look at him counting, which felt like an eternity before he finally got up from the bed and walked towards the closet. When he opened it, he was shocked to see new clothing all hung up. The clothing included t-shirts and hoodies, all with the same design. The design was all black with him, Angus, Darma, and Germur on it in art form. It also had the text \" The Fortunate Four\" written on it in gold. \"The Fortunate Four huh?\" he said. \"Well we are very lucky for getting this far.\" she replied. After taking showers and getting dressed, the two teens both headed out to the beach for the day. The two were both laying down on separate towels before Bodi decided to have a little bit of fun. \"Whatcha doing?\" he said in an annoying voice as he rolled over to her towel. She sat up and turned to meet his face. He was making an annoying look with his face which made her laugh. \"You big goof\" she said. \"What'd you say to me?\" he said in a cheap tough guy voice. He then took a bit of sand into his hand and threw it at her. \"You are so dead Bodi.\" she said as she chased him towards the water and jumping in. The two teens returned to the land after a few minutes of having fun in the water. As they got up on the land, Bodi shook out the water on his body in typical dog fashion, getting it over Darma. \"I hate you.\" she said with a smile as they both began to dry off. After leaving the beach and doing whatever they wanted at home, the two climbed into bed, ready to go to sleep. \"Wow, thanks for the amazing day Bodi.\" she said as she cuddled next to him. \"Yeah that was fun\" he said \"I never realized how annoying you can be\" she said The two looked into eachothers eyes as their noses touched. They could feel the sense of love flow through their bodies. After a second of staring, the two's lips finally met in a long awaited kiss. They both had never had a kiss before, but their bodies knew exactly what to do. They broke apart as Bodi kissed her down her neck as she shivered in delight. \"Are you sure you want to do this.\" Bodi said as he looked down at her. \"Definitely.\" she said. With that the two went under the covers and began to make out. Darma could feel a hardness growing in his pants pressing up against her thighs. As they got up out of the covers, Bodi removed her shirt to reveal her bra. They broke apart for a moment as he removed his shirt before engaging in another heated makeout session. The two were both panting as they continued to make out. Bodi could feel her hands move down to his pants and slowly pull them down, leaving him in only his boxers. He lifted his hands up to her back and began to unhook her bra. As he was about to remove the piece of fabric, he could hear the doorknob turning. \"Uh Darma… Where are we right now?\" Germur said as he opened the door. The two teens were already out of bed and putting their clothes back on. Darma already had her clothes back on and went outside to take to Germur. Leaving Bodi alone in the room. \"Damn goat!\" he murmured to himself. After a few minutes, Darma returned to the room, blushing madly at being caught nearly doing it. \"Yeah… Maybe it's not the best idea to do it when people are in the house.\" she said. \"Yeah, I don't think I was thinking about that on my part.\" he said. \"For a second I thought I was gonna get laid.\" he said. Darma threw a pillow at him. \"You big goof.\" she said as she laid down in bed with him and cuddled. The two laid there for a while before succumbing to a long awaited sleep. A/N: Yeah, so this chapter was short like the last one, but it was just the sign of potential things to come. I'm gonna have you guys vote on whether or not this story should have a lemon.[Chapter 3] A/N: This chapter will contain a lemon. Darma awoke as the sun began to rise. She slowly turned her face to see her boyfriend Bodi sleeping with her. He looked so cute when he was sleeping, and that brought a smile to her face. She then gently rose up and rubbed his fur, before slowly kissing his lips. She broke apart as she could feel him begin to rise up. \"Good morning love\" she said as he began to open his eyes. He wrapped his arms around her and the two met in another kiss. The two both kissed until they could hear the doorknob turning and open. \"Oh, I'm sorry. Was I interrupting something?\" Angus said as he entered the room. \"Um.. No we weren't doing anything like that.\" Bodi said as the couple were both completely embarrassed. They didn't think that Mr. Scattergood would have liked the fact that the two nearly had sex under his roof last night. \"Yeah sure…. Well anyways, here's your portion again.\" he said before throwing the envelope at Bodi. \"Now we have to start making a new song today. I'll be waiting in the studio for you. Also, can you get that bloody goat off the T.V. He's been on it all day!\" Angus said before shutting the door. \"Yeah.. So, about last night?\" she said, causing both of them to blush. \"Yeah, I don't think we really thought it through. I'm just glad that we had to stop halfway through.\" he said. \"Yeah, but I just want to know when we should do it, because I want to be more than just your friend Bodi, and I wanna know when we should take that next step.\" she said. \"I know Darma. I wanna be more than just friends with you too. But I think we should wait until the time is right for us to take that next step.\" he said. The two embraced each other in a warm hug, feeling the warmth of each other's bodies before getting up and heading out to the living room. They both quickly spotted Germur, who was sitting on the couch, unintelligibly staring at the T.V screen. \"Alright, so what we gonna do about him?\" Bodi asked. \"God, I don't know, just do something stupid.\" she replied. He took a seat next to Germur and began waving his hand in front of his emotionless face. \"Hola como estas?\" he said. The goat didn't move a muscle and Bodi was starting to get really annoyed. \"Alright I think I know something that will at least get him to move.\" he said. \"Wait, what are you gonna do?\" Darma asked. \"I didn't wanna have to do this.\" he replied. He turned his head to face Germur and pinched him with his sharp nails, causing the goat to jump. \"Geese Bod, what did you have to do that for? And why am I watching TV?\" he said. The three of them then walked into the studio where they were greeted by Angus. Over the next hour, they constantly brainstormed ideas, but just couldn't get any ideas. \"Alright, how about we call it off for today and we can all think of ideas throughout the day.\" Angus said as the three left the studio. After leaving the studio, the couple were about to get ready to go to bed. \"Well today was quite interesting.\" he said as they both climbed into bed. \"Everyday is interesting when I'm around you.\" she said as they both cuddled. After a minute of laying in bed, Bodi began to kiss Darma causing her to look up at him in confusion. \"Wait, I thought you said you wanted to wait until the time was right?\" she asked. \"Well the time is right now.\" he said. The two embraced each other again in a kiss, this time not holding anything back. Darma removed his shirt before engaging in another heated makeout session. She could feel his hands begin to remove her shirt, revealing her breasts. She then felt his hands began to remove her pants before she returned the favor by removing his pants leaving him in only his boxers. As the two made out, Darma could feel a hardness growing up against her thighs. It took her awhile to realize that it was Bodi's erection. The two let their hands roam each other's bodies before Bodi grabbed a hold of her breasts. \"Luckily, there were no interruptions this time.\" he said as he cupped her breasts into his hands. \"Don't say that too soon. Now stop playing around and take me to heaven.\" she said. To her demand, Bodi began to tease her already hard nipples as she arched back, enjoying what he was doing to her. After a while of teasing, Bodi took it to the next level and guided one of her breasts into his mouth. As she moaned in joy, Bodi then began to notice streaks coming down her thighs from her panties. He then stopped his sucking and lifted her up of the bed before placing her back down. He grabbed her panties by the sides and pulled them down, revealing her wet vagina. He looked up at her and she nodded her head in approval. With that he lowered his face down to her clit, smelling the arousement he had put her through. He then took out his tongue and put it into her entrance, before eating her out. \"Oh god Bodi…. YES!\" she moaned out in joy as his tongue explored her swollen pussy. He let his tongue find every depth of her pussy that it could, tasting the semen it had produced. After a round of thorough sucking, Bodi rose up and removed his boxers, revealing his erect dick. He then approached her again and positioned his cock by her entrance, the two of them mentally preparing themselves for what they were about to do. \"Darma. Are you sure you want to do this?\" he asked. \"Yes please. Just make love to me.\" she replied. After a moment of adjusting, Bodi parted her legs and slowly guided his erect penis into her entrance. Darma let out a deep gasp as she felt his length penetrate her vagina. \"Oh God Bodi!\" she said as he pushed his cock against her barrier. Darma wrapped her legs around his body as his member began to push through her barrier. She began to push her body further towards his, helping her boyfriend push through her barrier. After a few minutes of pushing, Darma could finally feel her boyfriend begin to break her barrier. Her nails dug into his back and she let out a loud scream as his cock burst through her barrier. \"Um.. Do you want to stop? I mean, if it's hurting you, we don't have to do this.\" he asked, seeing the pain she was in as he broke her barrier. \"No… I don't need you to stop….. It's just temporary….. I just need your love tonight.\" she said as she held the side of his face. Over the next few minutes, they just looked into eachothers eyes, waiting for the pain to stop so that they could continue. After the stinging sensation ended, Darma then allowed Bodi to continue with his motions. He began to thrust his cock in and out of her wet pussy. \"Oh…. Yes Bodi!\" she said as she moaned pleasurably. He continued his thrusting, feeling the sweat drip down their bodies. Darma grinded up against him as they rolled around on the bed, feeling the love in the air. She was now on top and Bodi was on the bottom. His dick impaled her womanhood as she lowered herself onto him. They could feel ripples of pleasure go throughout their bodies. The two loved the feeling and wanted to drag it out as long as possible. However, the two could sense in their bodies that they were about to climax. \"Oh god Darma… I'm feeling something.\" he said as he could sense his climax. \"Me too Bodi….\" she said. The two embraced in a heartwarming kiss as they both released their fluids. Their muscles tensed as they released their loads. They looked into eachothers eyes as they climaxed, feeling the warmth of their bodies. As they finished unloading, the two lovers pulled the covers over their naked bodies and cuddled. \"Wow, that was amazing.\" he said. \"I know.\" she said as they held each other's hands. \"I love you Bodi.\" she said. \"I love you too Darma.\" he said in response. With that, the two shared a kiss and rested for the rest of the night, knowing how much they loved each other. \"Bodi, there are a lot of things you don't know about yourself. You think you're so special because you found your fire? Well the truth is, everybody has a fire inside of themselves, they just need to find a trigger to it, and you are the trigger I needed.\" Linnux said as he grinned menacingly.[Chapter 4] Hi everybody. Im just making this update to tell you that this story is not dead. I've been busy with school and life in general, which is why I haven't been able to write new chapters for this story. You can expect new chapters in around June. ","Summary":" A/N: This takes place immediately after the ending of the movie. \"We'll be glorious and you know i"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Depression","Author":"MLPAndHOTRFanatic2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12422961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's another Rock Dog fanfic I wrote. This is based on one of my theories I had about Bodi's mom, plus inspired by a dream I had the week after I saw the film in theatres. I hope you enjoy. Bodi looked out the window of his home in his village, Snow Mountain. He was starting to feel depression coming into him. There was only one thing he was thinking about: His mother. The only thing he remembered of his mother's death was when she got killed by the wolves when they last attacked Snow Mountain. Bodi was soon in depression now. He started to feel tears drip down his cheeks. He couldn't fight them, just let them drop freely down. He then thought the best thing to calm down was go to his room. Bodi then went into his room When he got onto his bed, he brought his knees to his chest, and sobbed. It didn't look like he was calming down. \"Oh mom, where are you?\" Bodi asked, sniffling. He was too scared to tell Darma and Germur about what happened to his mom. Soon, he began to remember the times he had as a little pup. We see a young Bodi playing outside with his mother, Khari. Bodi was playing on the swings while Khari was watching. When it was time to go inside. Khari wanted to say something nice to Bodi. \"Do you know how much I love you, Bodi?\" she asked. \"Infinity.\" responded Bodi. \"Infinity...times infinity.\" said Khari. That made Bodi giggle. Bodi suddenly couldn't help it. He covered his face up with a pillow and started to cry once again. He knew his depression about his mother's death was always coming to him. The only thing he could do was tell his father, Khampa. Soon, he walked downstairs to where he was. \"Hey Bodi.\" Khampa greeted. He suddenly notices his son's depression. \"Bodi, what's wrong?\" he asked. \"It's about my mom.\" Bodi responded. \"Oh, I see.\" said Khampa. \"Can you tell me how did she die?\" asked Bodi. \"Well, back when you were a little pup, your mom got attacked by Linnux and his wolves when they last raided Snow Mountain.\" explained Khampa. \"She tried to flee but some wolves attacked her, leaving her badly injured. When we got her to the emergency room, she was soon pronounced dead at the scene.\" \"What?\" Bodi said, startled by this, causing him to become teary-eyed again. \"I'm so sorry.\" said Khampa. \"The doctors did all they could to revive her, but it didn't work.\" Bodi broke down into crying. Khampa then came over to Bodi and hugged him, patting his back with his hand. \"There, there, Bodi. It's okay. Don't cry. I know how you feel.\" Khampa said, comforting him. \"I'm sure she's really proud of your performance I've seen.\" Bodi stopped and wiped his eyes. \"Really?\" he asked. \"Yes.\" Khampa responded. \"Can I go talk to Darma and Germur?\" asked Bodi. \"Of course you can.\" said Khampa. Soon, Bodi went off to find Darma and Germur. Well, that wraps it up. The next chapter will have Bodi explaining to Darma and Germur about what happened to his mom. Stay tuned for the next chapter soon! Peace out![Chapter 2] Here's the next chapter of \"Depression\". Bodi is explaining to Darma and Germur about what happened to his mom. Bodi knew where to talk to Darma and Germur about the death of his mother. He decided to go to their apartment and talk to them. When he rang the doorbell, Darma answered the door. \"Hi Bodi.\" Darma greeted. She soon began to notice the sad look on Bodi's face. \"What's the matter, Bodi?\" she asked. \"It's about my mom.\" Bodi responded. \"Can I come in and explain?\" \"Of course you can.\" said Darma. When the two went inside, Germur was there. \"Hey Darma.\" Germur greeted as she entered the room. He soon noticed how depressed Bodi was feeling. \"What's wrong, Bodi?\" he asked. Bodi sighed as he began to explain. \"It has something to do about the death of my mother.\" \"Go ahead. I'm waiting.\" said Darma. \"What happened to her?\" said Germur. \"Well, my mother died years ago.\" said Bodi. Darma and Germur gasped in horror. \"Really?\" asked Darma. \"Yeah.\" Bodi responded. \"It happened back at Snow Mountain. Before she died, she was so kind and caring to me when I was a pup. She would always sing a lullaby to me before I went to sleep.\" \"Go on.\" said Darma. \"When Linnux and his wolves last invaded Snow Mountain, they attacked her as my father tried to fight the wolves off. However, my mom was found unconscious due to her severe injuries. When we took her to the emergency room, we were told that the doctors were unable to revive her...\" Bodi explained, with tears starting to stream down his face. \"Yeah?\" asked Germur. \"She was pronounced dead at the scene...\" Bodi suddenly broke down into crying again. He just couldn't help it. He really missed her. Darma and Germur came over to him and hugged him. \"Awww, there, there, Bodi.\" said Darma, comforting him. \"I'm so sorry about what happened to your mom.\" \"Same here.\" Germur added. \" \"Please don't cry, Bodi.\" said Darma. \"Everything's going to be alright now.\" Bodi soon stopped and wiped his eyes. \"I'm so sorry. I just couldn't stand my depression.\" he said, sniffling. \"I know.\" said Darma. \"Should we tell Angus Scattergood about this?\" asked Germur. \"I think we should.\" said Darma. \"Okay.\" said Bodi. Soon, the two went over to tell Angus about it. So, what did you think of it? It's pretty cute how Darma and Germur are comforting Bodi about what happened. The next chapter will be them telling Angus about it. Stay tuned for the next chapter! Peace out![Chapter 3] Finally, here's the next chapter of Depression! This is where Bodi talks to Angus Scattergood about what happened to his mother, and Angus gets an idea. Enjoy! Bodi thought it was a good idea to talk to Angus Scattergood about what happened to his mother. So, he, Darma, and Germur went over to Angus's mansion. Once they got to the door, Angus went to answer it. \"Hello there!\" Angus said, greeting the door. He then notices the sad look on Bodi's face. \"What's wrong with Bodi?\" he asked. \"Well, you see, Bodi has been in depression lately.\" said Darma. \"He's been thinking about his mother.\" added Germur. \"Oh my gosh.\" Angus said, shocked. \"How about you come inside and we'll talk about it.\" \"That's fine.\" said Darma. The three then stepped over the welcome mat and entered the house, going into the living room. \"So Bodi, do you want to explain to me what happened to your mother?\" \"Sure.\" answered Bodi. \"Well, it all happened back when I was a little pup, around the age of 2. My mom was so kind and caring to me ever since I was born. It goes back to where I was at my home in Snow Mountain. When Linnux and his wolves suddenly broke into the house I was in, my dad did all he could trying to fight them off. My mom tried to escape but some wolves attacked her, leaving her badly injured.\" \"Yes? Go on.\" said Angus. \"Me and my dad took her to the emergency room. But the bad news was, the doctors were unable to revive her due to her very severe injuries.\" Bodi explained, with tears starting to stream down his face again. \"What happened?\" asked Angus. \"She was pronounced dead at the scene...\" said Bodi. Suddenly, Bodi started to cry softly while Darma and Germur came closer to him. \"It's okay, Bodi. Please don't cry.\" said Darma. \"I totally believe you on this.\" said Germur. Angus was a little sad by this. \"Oh dear. I can't believe this. Bodi, I feel really sorry about what happened to her.\" \"I understand that, too.\" said Bodi, wiping the tears off his face. \"I think I have an idea.\" said Angus. \"What is it?\" asked Darma. \"How about writing an acoustic song to dedicate the memory of Bodi's mother?\" Angus suggested. \"That sound like a good idea!\" said Germur. \"Let's do it.\" said Bodi. Soon, the four began to work on an acoustic cover to dedicate the loving memory of Bodi's mother. It took about five hours to work on the music pieces, and coming up with a title. Bodi finally came up with \"Memory Lane\", because he always had fun times when he was a pup. After hours of playing and rehearsing, it was getting late. \"I think you three should go to bed.\" said Angus. \"It's getting pretty late.\" \"Okay.\" said Darma. \"We'll see you tomorrow for more work.\" said Germur. \"Goodnight.\" said Bodi. The three then left Angus's mansion and headed back to the apartment. When they got inside, they put on their pajamas, brushed their teeth, and went into their bedroom. Their bedroom had three beds in it, meaning that Bodi can sleep in there. As they got into bed, Bodi then said \"Goodnight\" to Darma and Germur, before he got into bed, pulled under the covers, and closed his eyes. He was hoping that his depression would stop soon. Well, that's the end of Chapter 3. Chapter 4 will have Bodi having a nightmare about what happened, Chapter 5 will have Bodi having some time with Darma to help overcome depression, and Chapter 6 will have the performing of \"Memory Lane\". The lyrics will be my own lyrics. So stay tuned for the next chapters coming soon! Peace out![Chapter 4] Finally, here's Chapter 4 of Depression! Enjoy! It has been about an hour after Bodi, Darma, and Germur had went into bed. They knew they would do more work on the acoustic song, \"Memory Lane\" in the morning. However, Bodi was suddenly making noise in his sleep, as he was suddenly having a dream. A young Bodi was seen playing in his home in Snow Mountain, and his mother, Khari was watching him. Suddenly, Linnux and his wolves had invaded the village, and broke into Bodi's house. Bodi screamed as Khampa began to fight them off. Khari tried to flee, but on of the wolves pounced on her and two more began to attack her. Bodi cried as he heard his mom's deranged screams as she got attacked. Suddenly, Linnux walked right up to him with a evil grin on his face. And in his hand, he held a hot iron. Bodi couldn't help but cry as Linnux aimed the iron at his heart. He grimaces with pain just as the iron begins to touch him. Bodi gasped loudly as he woke up from his terrible nightmare. He suddenly began to cry softly. Darma and Germur soon overheard Bodi's crying and came over to him. \"Oh my goodness!\" said Darma. \"What's the matter, Bodi?\" \"I...I had a nightmare about what happened to my mom.\" said Bodi, trembling and whining in fear. Germur gasped. \"Oh no! This is terrible.\" \"I just can't help it.\" said Bodi. He was starting to feel his depression coming back to him. \"Shhh. Stay calm, Bodi.\" whispered Darma. \"You just had another bad dream.\" Darma knew that Bodi could still overcome his depression. That gave Darma an idea. \"Tomorrow, before rehearsals, I think we should spend some time together. Just you, I, and Germur.\" she suggested. \"Okay.\" said Bodi. \"All right.\" said Darma. \"Now let's go back to sleep.\" said Germur. Soon, the three went back into bed and slept soundly. They would spend some time together right before rehearsals tomorrow. Well, that's it of Chapter 4. Chapter 5 will have Bodi spending time with Darma and Germur so that they can help him overcome his depression. Stay tuned for the next chapter! Peace out! ","Summary":" Here's another Rock Dog fanfic I wrote. This is based on one of my theories I had about Bodi's mom,"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"True Love","Author":"mini-me15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8553796","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Thousand Miles Making my way downtown Walking fast Faces pass And I'm home bound Staring blankly ahead Just making my way Making a way Through the crowd And I need you And I miss you And now I wonder... If I could fall Into the sky Do you think time Would pass me by 'Cause you know I'd walk A thousand miles If I could Just see you Tonight It's always times like these When I think of you And I wonder If you ever Think of me 'Cause everything's so wrong And I don't belong Living in your Precious memories 'Cause I need you And I miss you And now I wonder... If I could fall Into the sky Do you think time Would pass me by 'Cause you know I'd walk A thousand miles If I could Just see you Tonight And I, I Don't want to let you know I, I Drown in your memory I, I Don't want to let this go I, I Don't... Making my way downtown Walking fast Faces pass And I'm home bound Staring blankly ahead Just making my way Making a way Through the crowd And I still need you And I still miss you And now I wonder... If I could fall Into the sky Do you think time Would pass us by 'Cause you know I'd walk A thousand miles If I could Just see you... If I could fall Into the sky Do you think time Would pass me by 'Cause you know I'd walk A thousand miles If I could Just see you If I could Just hold you Tonight[Chapter 2] Ordinary Day Just a day, Just an ordinary day. Just trying to get by. Just a boy, Just an ordinary boy. But he was looking to the sky. And as he asked if I would come along I started to realize That everyday he finds Just what he's looking for, Like a shooting star he shines. He said take my hand, Live while you can Don't you see your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand And as he spoke, he spoke ordinary words Although they did not feel For I felt what I had not felt before And you'd swear those words could heal. And as I looked up into those eyes His vision borrows mine. And I know he's no stranger, For I feel I've held him for all of time. And he said take my hand, Live while you can Don't you see your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand In the palm of your hand. Please come with me, See what I see. Touch the stars for time will not flee. Time will not flee. Can you see? Just a dream, just an ordinary dream. As I wake in bed And the boy, that ordinary boy Or was it all in my head? Did he asked if I would come along It all seemed so real. But as I looked to the door, I saw that boy standing there with a deal. And he said take my hand, Live while you can, Don't you see all your dreams lie right in the palm of your hand In the palm of your hand, In the palm of your hand. Just a day, just an ordinary day Just trying to get by. Just a boy, Just an ordinary boy. But he was looking to the sky. ","Summary":" A Thousand Miles Making my way downtown Walking fast Faces pass And I'm home bound Staring blankly "},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Declaración","Author":"Janyo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12495510","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notas iniciales: ¡Hola a todos y bienvenidos a mi fanfic! En esta ocasión les presento una historia corta de una película que vi hace un par de meses: Zootopia 3, que diga, Rock Dog . Sí, probablemente la mayoría no tenga idea o no la recuerde, sé que no fue la mejor película, pero tuvo un no sé qué que me gustó, así que decidí aunque sea escribirle una pequeña historia. Lo acontecido aquí es sobre lo que imagino sucede después de la película y se enfoca en un personaje que tiene poco tiempo en pantalla: la bajista zorruna de la banda, Darma. Está historia es principalmente de comedia y una pizca de romance, con clasificación T, es decir, recomendada para adolescentes debido a un par de chistes y humor subido de tonos. Créditos: La portada del fanfic es un fanart hecho por elranno. Sin interrumpirlo más, los dejo con el primer capítulo de este short-fic de Rock Dog: Declaración . Que lo disfruten. Capítulo 1: Bodi, el casanova Habían pasado más de tres meses y aún no podía creerlo, ¡era increíble! No hubiera imaginado que mi vida hubiera cambiado tan rápido en tan poco tiempo. De pasar años tocando el bajo eléctrico junto a mi amigo Germur y el idiota de Trey en el Parque de Rock como aficionados esperando a alcanzar la fama, hasta volvernos una nueva banda bajo la tutela de una leyenda del Rock: el único y original, Angus Scattergood. Prácticamente de la noche a la mañana nos convertimos en una banda de Rock, de hecho una parte de mi siente que es algo tramposo e injusto, pero no puedo quejarme del resultado de hacer poco a poco realidad mi sueño de tocar en una gran banda y empezar a transmitir nuestra música a más animales. Y nada de esto hubiera sido posible sin la ayuda de Bodi, definitivamente ese perro cambió mi mundo. Es curioso cómo cambiaron las cosas tan rápido desde que Bodi entró a mi vida. La primera vez que lo vi con esas extrañas ropas tibetanas y su gorro estúpido pensé que era algún especie de monje shaolin o un loquito (cosa no tan alejada de la realidad) que me vio esa vez con ojos suplicantes, no para pedirme dinero, comida o invitarme a una secta misteriosa, sino para unirse a nuestra banda y hacer realidad su sueño de ser un roquero de la misma forma que el sr. Scattergood se hizo famoso. El pobre decía cosas sin sentido y contaba ridículas historias que me hacía difícil tomarlo en serio, pero él creía ciega y firmemente en esa descabellada fantasía. Admito que lo subestimé al principio pero el entusiasmo y la pasión con la que hablaba de aquello eran muy contagiosos, me hacían admirarlo y hasta sentir ternura por él; aunque pareciera un bobo ingenuo, me recordaba a mi misma unos años atrás. Y al final de todo, la perseverancia, determinación y el talento natural de Bodi logró acercarlo más a su sueño y yo a los míos. Inconscientemente, ese zonzo pero noble mastín renovó mis ganas y motivación para tocar música y ahora, junto a Germur y Angus, empezamos una nueva vida para hacer lo que más nos apasiona. Con ese gran entusiasmo me desperté y me vestí rápidamente, me puse un grueso hoodie color gris que contrastaba con mi pelaje anaranjado pero combinaba muy bien con los mechones blancos de mi cara, ya que era un zorrita de pecho pequeño me daba igual usar ropa tan holgada (no era como si me importara llamar la atención de algún macho) o poco femenina, aunque tampoco quería volver a ser confundida por un chico, así que también me puse una minifalda verde a cuadros encima de unos mallones gris oscuro para cubrir mis delgadas piernas, como dije, no quería llamar más atención de la necesaria pero dejando en claro que era una hembra; por último unas botas negras para darme un look de bajista y un poco de altura. Terminé de cepillar mi enorme y esponjosa cola vulpina por tercera vez, me miré al espejo y peiné con mis garras un par de mechones rebeldes entre mis puntiagudas orejas color azabache; luego me sonreí a mi misma, no soy muy vanidosa, pero creo que pese a no prestar mucha atención en mi apariencia como otras zorras de mi edad, me considero a mi misma bonita, ni fea ni hermosa, sólo bonita, y eso me bastaba. Tomé el estuche de mi bajo, lo colgué a la espalda y salí de casa para los ensayos. Después de pasar el exagerado sistema seguridad de la mansión y el enorme e innecesario laberinto de setos, logré llegar a la casa de Angus Scattergood, pese a conocerlo y tratarlo casi un mes, aún no podía tratarlo como un igual o un miembro más de nuestra banda, seguía siendo mi roquero favorito, mi jefe y ahora también mi maestro. Entré por la puerta principal recibida por Ozzie, el pequeño robot mayordomo, quien señaló la cocina, dando a entender que ahí debían estar los demás. Era medio día, suponía que Angus aún no despertaba, sabrá Buda que hacen los famosos toda la noche, seguramente una típica velada desenfrenada de música, bebida y chicas, como cualquier rockero famoso, aunque nunca he visto al sr. Scattergood rodeado de otras animales aparte de nosotros o sus patrocinadores, así que no podría estar segura, al parecer es un mamífero más solitario de lo que aparenta Caminé por los enormes y altos pasillos de su sala, que era probablemente más grande que la casa de mis padres, miré aún impresionada las paredes blancas de su mansión adornada por cuadros muy costosos y cosas ostentosas de ricos; me sorprendía que el sr. Scattergood confíe ciegamente en Bodi y en nosotros, especialmente conmigo, pues mi especie no tiene buena fama de respetar la propiedad ajena, quizás Angus es un felino de mente abierta que no juzga a nadie por su apariencia, raza o creencia... o simplemente es tan asquerosamente rico y famoso que no le importa. Probablemente sean ambas. En fin, después de pasar un larguísimo sillón carmín, por fin llegué al final de la habitación y entré a una igual de enorme cocina, estuve a punto de hablar para preguntar si había alguien, cuando las voces de mis dos amigos llegaron a mis oídos. —Entonces Germur, amigo... ¿podrías hacerme ese gran favor? —Claro Bodi, lo que quieras hermano. A la distancia la cabra y el perro tibetano platicaban amenamente sentados en una de las mesitas cromadas de la espaciosa habitación, me dirigía sin prisa hacia ellos cuando escuché claramente su conversación. —No le digas a Darma nada de lo que acabamos de discutir, ¿de acuerdo? —dijo el mastín con un extraño tono preocupación. Me detuve de golpe, ¿por qué Bodi le pedía un favor sobre mi a Germur? —¿Decirle algo a Darma? ¿Qué cosa? —Esa es la actitud, gracias amigo. —No, en serio Bodi, ¿qué cosa no debo decirle a Darma? Me di una palmada en la cara mentalmente, Germur era muy desubicado, pero por lo mismo era un buen guardador de secretos, ya que difícilmente le contaría a alguien, o recordaría lo que le acaban de decir. Aún así, me escondí a un lado del refrigerador, era obvio que Bodi quería ocultarme algo —Vamos Germur, te lo dije hace 5 minutos, sobre la declaración para Darma, quiero que sea sorpresa —dijo con entusiasmo pero con una voz apagada. Me quedé boquiabierta, ¿qué diantres? ¿Acaso Bodi... se me quiere declarar? No llevamos mucho tiempo de conocernos y, sé que es un buen chico, pero lo considero más como un amigo, o hasta el hermano que nunca tuve ni quise pero, ¿en serio Bodi piensa así de mi? Me reí mentalmente, no sé si de burla o de nervios, es que, bueno, por un lado me sentía halagada, se sentía bien saber que le gustas a alguien, pero por otro lado... no, no sabía que sentir, nunca lo consideré de esa manera, me gustaba y me aterraba al mismo tiempo esa idea. —Oh, ya recuerdo, te refieres a eso, claro hermano, lo que sea por ti. —Gracias. —¿Y cuando piensas decirle? Vaya, para ser algo distraído, la cabra tenía tanto interés como yo. —No le sé, me gustaría que fuera lo antes posible... ¿Quién te viera Bodi? Todo un casanova. Desearía que no estuvieras hablando de mi. Por mi bien... y el tuyo. —... pero... Ay no, ahí va el pero. —... pero no estoy seguro de cómo decírselo. —¿Qué dices? Pero hablas todo el tiempo con ella y se llevan muy bien. —Lo sé pero... no estoy seguro, nunca le había pedido eso ninguna chica... Ahí comprendí que Bodi no quería apurar las cosas, sólo estaba un poco nervioso. Awww, que lindo, su primera vez. —Bueno, a ninguna chica de la ciudad, las chicas de mi aldea eran diferentes y nunca tuve problema o dificultades al pedírselos. Y ahí comprendí que sólo Bodi podía convertirse en un cretino nivel Trey de 0 a 100 en menos de un minuto, ¿qué le pasaba? Por un momento pensé que yo era su primer crush y al siguiente me enteré que sólo soy una más de las cientos de chicas con las que salió, diga, con las que pensaba salir. ¿Tan poco cosa soy para ti Bodi? ¿Y por qué rayos me molestaba tanto? No era como si estuviera celosa, o me importara su vida. —Bodi... ¡que galán! —Germur codeó el hombro del perro con una enorme sonrisa idiota. Machos— ¿Cuántas novias tuviste en tu aldea? —¿Qué? No, no es lo crees, ¡y no me refiero a eso! Ellas sólo eran amigas, yo nunca... ni siquiera he besado a una chica o ninguna de esas cosas. — Se apresuró a hablar — . Sólo digo que es sencillo hablar con las ovejas de la aldea, compartimos las mismas creencias y tradiciones, pero, no sé casi nada de la ciudad, hay cosas que aún no conozco o entiendo, no sé si sea correcto pedirle eso a Darma en el poco tiempo que nos conocemos. Ella es diferente, no se parece en nada a ninguna chica que haya conocido. Oh bueno, el enojo me duró poco, estaba algo molesta por lo que dijo antes, pero debo admitir que oír esas palabras lindas del mastín, harían sentir halagada a cualquier chica. —Ni que lo digas, ella es muy violenta y algo marimacha... Nota mental: Romperle la batería de Germur en su cabezota hueca la próxima vez que lo vea. —¿Y qué piensas hacer, hermano? —Pues no sé, esperaba pedirle consejo a alguien, pero no sé a quién. —Oye, ¿y por qué no le preguntas al señor que vende fideos? —¡Buena idea! No suena mal... —¿Verdad que sí? Bah, me aburrí de escuchar a Germur y sus geniales ideas. Me quedé meditando un poco sobre lo de Bodi. Sus comentarios me dejaron muy pensativa, creo que es un buen chico, me agrada y físicamente tampoco está mal, bueno, tiene cierto aire infantil y poco varonil, quizás no sea mi tipo, pero tampoco era un mal partido. Aún así, no nos conocíamos muy bien, y la verdad no estaba para tener una relación, y menos con un miembro de la banda. Estaba más que segura de que iba a tener que rechazar su oferta, aunque no podía dejar de pensar que tan bien o mal se lo tomaría. Pero bueno, después de tantos enredos, quería despejar mi mente y conocía la manera más rápida de desaparecer dicho tema de mi cabeza. —¡Hola chicos! —saludé jovialmente, saliendo de mi improvisado escondite y sin importarme que discutieran algo sobre mí. —¡D-d-d-d-arma! —tartamudeó sorprendido el can. —Hola Darma, ¿qué hay? —saludó tranquilo y despreocupado la cabra. —Hola Bodi, hola Germur, ¿qué hacen? —Estábamos hablando sobre a quién pedirle con... —la pata de Bodi tapó su boca enseguida, evitando que hablara demás. —¿Sí? —cuestioné fingiendo no saber de qué hablaban. —Errr... de nada, sólo cosas... este... ¡cosas de chicos! Sí, eso... El zonzo de Bodi estaba tan nervioso, y definitivamente no era bueno mintiendo, aunque no era como si le hubiera creído en primer lugar. —¿En serio? —cuestioné sarcásticamente— Seguramente eran cosas pervertidas y sucias, ¿verdad? —¡Sí... claro, era eso! —afirmó sin pensarlo— Era eso, cosas típicas de chicos... espera, es decir, no, no, ¡nada de eso! —respondió asustado al entender lo que yo implicaba. —Ja, ja, ja —me reí genuinamente—. Ay Bodi, eres tan inocente—. Claro cachorro, lo que tu digas. El perro del gorro verde estaba claramente apenado, decidí que era mejor no hacerlo sufrir más y no insistir en el tema. —Pero en fin, ya que están aquí, ¿Han visto a Angus? —¡Ah! —bramó Germur al soltarse de la pata de Bodi y volviendo a respirar— No, no lo hemos visto en todo el día. —Lo estamos esperando desde hace media hora, el señor Scattergood debe seguir durmiendo —respondió Bodi más tranquilo. Casi inmediatamente, un gato persa blanco y extremadamente delgado entró a la cocina, usando una pijama azul, pantuflas y sus característicos lentes oscuros; al parecer, no se los quitaba ni para dormir. —Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh miaaaaaaaau... argh —bostezó estrafalariamente, típico de una leyenda del rock de su altura, y... de un felino—... Buenos días muchachos, ahh.. —volvió a bostezar— ¿por qué llegaron tan temprano? —Buenas tardes sr. Scattergood —Bodi saludó enérgicamente con una enorme sonrisa. —¿Qué hay don Scattergood? —lo recibió la cabra con un ademán roquero con la pata— Palabra. —Más bien, buenas noches —respondí sarcásticamente. El felino volteó a verme algo fastidiado. Me encogí de hombros y bajé la mirada; yo suelo ser así con los demás, pero creo que me excedí un poco con mi jefe y maestro, desvié la mirada y esperé algún tipo de regaño o represión. —Je, je —rió el minino en un extraño acento británico—, vaya Darma querida, al fin me hablas con más confianza, espero que así sea siempre de ahora en adelante. Abrí los ojos con sorpresa, y luego reí discretamente, al parecer no fue la gran cosa. Germur me dio un pequeño golpecito en el hombro, el cual le regresé el triple de fuerte y sin dejar de sonreír. —¡Auch! —Gracias Angus, lo intentare je, je. —Eso espero Darma querida, pero bueno, no exageres, tampoco es tan tarde, ¿qué hora son? —Las dos en punto señor Scattergood. —respondió obedientemente el perro. —¿¡Las dos!? Madre mía, me quedé dormido de nuevo, debimos haber ensayado hace horas. Bueno, bueno, alisten sus cosas y vamos al estudio. Nos disponíamos a salir cuando un rugido se escuchó en la cocina. —Errr... bueno —dijo Angus tocándose el estómago—, ¿qué les parece si desayunamos, diga, almorzamos primero? —¡Sí! —Germur y Bodi celebraron al unísono. Yo sólo miré al techo ligeramente exasperada. Machos. Siempre tienen hambre. —Perfecto, creo que todavía queda un poco de salmón. ¡Ozzie, ven aquí! Era algo tarde, así que tampoco iba a rechazar un poco de comida. Además, me encanta el salmón. Notas de Autor: ¿Y bien? ¿Qué les pareció este capítulo? Ojalá haya sido de su agrado. Y agradeceré de todo corazón que me dejen alguna crítica o comentario , estaré más que feliz de leer y contestar cualquier opinión o hasta insulto que me dejen. Sé que no hay muchos fans de Rock Dog, pero espero que a los poco que lo lean, sea de su agrado. Si algún fan de Zootopia está por aquí, le diré que no se preocupen, aún no he dejado el fandom, sigo escribiendo de esa serie, sólo que soy algo lento para escribir y me di un tiempo para probar suerte en otras aguas, y por ahora la daré prioridad a esta historia, pero también estaré escribiendo los proyectos que tengo para Zootopia. Si tienen dudas al respecto pueden preguntarme por MP o revisar los avisos que deje en mi perfil al respecto. Volviendo a este fic, les aclaro que esta será una historia corta de 4 capítulos, originalmente iba a ser un one-shot, pero escribí tanto que mejor decidí hacerlo en este formato, espero no tengan problema con ello, y no se preocupen con las actualizaciones, cada semana intentaré traerles una nueva parte. Sin más que decir, agradezco que hayan llegado hasta aquí. Nos vemos la siguiente semana con el segundo capítulo de Declaración. ¡Saludos![Chapter 2] Capítulo 2: El sucio secreto de Angus ¡No, no... y no! —gritó Angus malhumorado, vestido con sus típicas ropas oscuras. Estábamos tocando en el exageradamente espacioso estudio del señor Scattergood, llevábamos más de 5 horas practicando; estuvimos probando varias canciones, pero ninguna había salido a la perfección, y su paciencia ya se había agotado. —¿Qué les pasa chicos? —refunfuñó nuestro gatuno líder— lo han estado haciendo todo mal, no se parece nada al concierto del mes pasado, se supone que en aquel entonces eran menos experimentados, ¡y ahora tocan peor que antes! —reprochó molesto— ¡Especialmente tú, Bodi! —Lo siento sr. Scattergood. —Se disculpó cabizbajo. —Eres el corazón de esta banda cachorro, sé que eres joven y poco experimentado, pero tienes un talento natural, ni siquiera he visto que hagas esa magia del otro día, ¿qué le pasó a tu fuego interior, muchacho? —Lo siento sr. Scattergood, lo lamento mucho sr. Scattergood. —Ahhh, Bodi —comentó exasperado—, deja de disculparte, sólo te pedí una explicación. —Señor... no sé qué me pasa. Miré a Bodi pensativa. No era normal, de todos nosotros, él era el entregado e interesado en tocar. Acaso... ¿acaso tendrá algo que ver con lo que habló con Germur en la cocina? —Ah, pero, no se preocupe, le prometo que lo haré bien, me voy a enfocar y dar lo mejor de mí en este momen... —Na, na, na, na, na, déjalo cachorro, creo que fue suficiente por hoy. —Pero... —respondió como niño regañado. —Creo que no es conveniente forzar las cosas, tal vez el salmón te cayó pesado, o sólo es un mal día, como sea, mejor nos vemos mañana chicos. Pueden retirarse si quieren, o quedarse un rato más con el cachorro, siempre que no rompan nada. Bodi alzó su pata, como pidiendo permiso para hablar. —¿Mañana a qué hora nos vemos todos, señor? —Ah, sobre eso, no, mañana no tocaremos juntos. —¿Qué? —pregunté extrañada— ¿A qué te refieres Angus? —Tomando en cuenta los resultados de hoy, creo que será mejor que ensaye individualmente con cada uno. —¿Cómo hará eso, sr. Scattergood? —Les daré clases particulares y a solas a cada uno mañana, cachorro. ¿Clases a solas con la leyenda del Rock, Angus Scattergood? ¡Qué bien! —Entonces, Bodi, tú vas primero, contigo es con quién debo trabajar más, te quiero mañana a primera hora... bueno no, al medio día está bien. —Claro señor. —Dime Angus. —A la orden señor Sca... Angus. —Germur, tú irás después, espero acabar con el cachorro a las tres. —Ahí estaré maestro. —Volvió a hacer un ademán roquero—. ¡Palabra! —Y tú, Darma querida, no creo tardarme con él, ¿A las cinco está bien para ti? —¡Sí señor Angus! Está perfecto. —Gracias, lo sé. Pero sólo dime Angus. Humilde, como cualquier rockstar. —Es todo, nos vemos mañana muchachos. El señor Angus salió de su estudio. —Bueno amigos, yo... —Se escuchó un gruñido de la panza de la Germur—. Lo siento, creo que no debí comer tanto, ¡debo ir al baño! —Yo —lo interrumpí—, ya tengo que irme a mi casa, nos vemos mañana Germy. ¡Qué todo salga bien! —Yo, este, creo que también me voy a mi casa —Bodi agregó. —Pero tú vives aquí, bobo. Aunque Bodi venía de Montaña Nevada, desde que hicimos la banda, él se mudó a la casa de Angus. —Esto... —Cómo sea, nos vemos chicos o me muero... ¡Adiós! Germur salió casi corriendo hacia el baño, dejándonos a Bodi y a mí solos. —Bueno, yo me refería a que también voy a salir, bueno, no, que planeaba salir contigo, oh, ¡no, no,no! —apresuró a corregir— Es decir... Ese sonso mastín empezó a hablar nerviosamente. Aaawwww, ¡qué tierno! Me reí un poco, pero creo que ya sabía lo que intentaba decirme. —¿Quieres acompañarme hasta la estación del tren? —¡Sí, sí, eso! Desde que empezamos la banda, cada que acabamos los ensayos, Bodi se ofrece a acompañarme a mi casa, siempre le digo que no porque está un poco lejos, así que sólo dejo que me siga hasta la parada del tren. Siempre consideré eso un gesto caballeroso o como una amabilidad propia de su aldea, pero ahora, creo que lo hacía por otro motivo. —No lo sé Bodi —fingí desinterés— puedo cuidarme sola, no necesito que te molestes en acompañarme. —¡Vamos Darma! No es ninguna molestia, además, papá siempre dice que nunca hay que dejar que una chica vaya sola, especialmente cuando ya oscureció. Siempre confundí su buena voluntad como obligación o una tradición típica de su aldea, ahora bien podría ser otra cosa. Quizás podrían ser todas. Lo único que sabía es que me gustaba esa clase de atenciones, nadie había tomado ese tipo de consideraciones conmigo antes. —Bah, de acuerdo, sólo porque el camino es aburrido. —¡Sí, gracias Darma! Vamos. Guardé mi bajo en su estuche, lo colgué a mi espalda y salimos. —Por última vez Bodi, no quiero que cargues mi bajo. ¡Yo puedo sola! —Ok, de acuerdo, lo siento. Caminaba sobre la avenida principal con el mastín a lado. Bodi era muy atento y amable, tanto que daba náuseas. Generalmente nunca era tan considerado conmigo, de hecho siempre habla mucho, sobre las aventuras que vivió en su aldea, de su papá, de las otras ovejas de su pueblo, sobre sus experiencias y anécdotas de su vida en la ciudad o de Angus, pero hoy estaba muy callado y distraído. Y temía saber el por qué. —Oye Bodi, ¿te pasa algo? —No, claro que no, ¿por qué lo dices? —No lo sé, pero siempre estás hablando hasta por los codos, pero hoy estás muy pensativo, ¿estás bien? —Ah, claro, estoy bien, no es nada, no te preocupes por mi Darma. Evasivo y cortante. Inexplicablemente estaba empezando extrañar al Bodi de ayer, al Bodi que no sabía que sentía algo por mí, al Bodi que me contaba tonterías o cosas sin importancia, pero que hacía amenos nuestros tiempos libres en casa de Angus o mi camino para tomar el tren. ¿Estará así siempre hasta que se me declare? No pensaba decirle que sí, pero si intentara conquistarme en ese momento, estaba perdiendo puntos por esto. —¿Vamos Bodi, qué tienes? —Rompí ese incómodo silencio—. ¿Acaso sigues pensando lo que te dijo Angus? ¿Hay algo que tiene tu mente ocupada? —¿Qué? N-n-no, claro que no, pa-para nada —titubeó con inseguridad. Parece que le había dado al clavo— ¿Por qué...? —Estás muy distante, siento como si no quisieras hablar con nadie o al menos conmigo... Una idea pasó por mi cabeza, se me ocurrió presionarlo un poco para hacerlo reaccionar. —¿Estás molesto conmigo? —gimoteé en un tono exageradamente agudo y poco característico de mí, mientras lo veía con una mirada suplicante— ¿acaso... ya no te caigo bien? —¡No claro que no! —apresuró a decir mientras abría los ojos con sorpresa— Eso jamás, ¡tú me agradas Darma, me agradas mucho! Es sólo que... —Se contuvo de hablar, mordiendo su labio inferior—. No puedo decírtelo ahora mismo; por favor, no pienses mal de mí, sólo dame un poco de tiempo, ¿sí? Arqueé la ceja confundida. Este mastín actuaba raro, y no me cabía duda que inconscientemente era por mi culpa, Aunque tampoco quería presionarlo demás, después de todo, quizás sea algo difícil para él. —Ja, ja, ja —reí quedito—, oye tranquilo amigo, estoy jugando, sólo quería romper el hielo, me aburre estar caminando con alguien sin hablar, para eso hubiera venido sola. Él rió nervioso, pero no me dijo nada. —Vamos Bodi —insistí—, cuéntame algo, aunque sea algo aburrido o poco interesante, dime cualquier cosa... no sé, ¿aún sigues jugando con la basura? Y ahí noté un cambio en la cara de Bodi. Por alguna razón, su nariz y su hocico se sacudieron y una pequeña sonrisa que no había visto en todo el día salió a relucir en él. —Je, pensé que te daban asco que habláramos sobre la basura. —Y aún me da, pero viendo que no puedo hacerte sacar un tema de conversación, ¿qué me queda? —Ay vamos, no es tan malo —me respondió con un tono más confianzudo, como él chico con el que conversaba ayer y no el robot de hoy—, sólo lo hice una... un par de veces, no creerías todo lo que los mamíferos arroja ahí, ¡incluso comida en buen estado! —Ah sí, ¿cómo lo sabes? ¿Acaso la probaste, señor \"Amo husmear en la basura\"? —fingí una voz grave. —Claro que sí, había una pizza casi completa, es una pena, papá siempre dice que no hay que desperdiciar lo que el cielo nos da. —¡Puaj! Guácala Bodi, ¡qué asqueroso eres! —Me alejé de él como broma, pero no podía evitar reírme. —¡Oye, no exageres! No es tan malo, además, sólo lo hice una vez, y soy un perro, ¿recuerdas? No es algo malo entre nosotros... —Tal vez no para ti, pero, ¿qué vas a hacer si una chica de otra especie quiere besarte pero tú vas por ahí con ese aliento de...? ¡Ups! Tapé mi hocico vulpino muy tarde. Demonios, ¿en qué rayos pensaba? ¿Por qué le dije eso? Fui una tonta. Me costaba trabajo ver al mastín a los ojos, y más cuando noté que su risa y la mía se habían callado de golpe. —Ay Bodi, yo... lo siento, no quise... —¿Eh? ¿Por qué te disculpas? No tiene nada de malo... creo que tienes razón. Tonta, claro que no tenía nada de malo. Se supone que no escuché su conversación con Germur. Fui una completa estúpida. Y tenía que componer mi metida de pata. —Ah, es que yo, no sé, tal vez no sea correcto lo que dije, no quiero que lo tomes a mal, no estoy diciendo que no hayas besado a una chica o algo —hablé nerviosa y sin pensarlo, ahora la boba era yo—... bueno, tampoco sé si ya lo hayas hecho o no... ah bueno, eso... je, je. Hubo un silencio incómodo, tal vez era buen idea mantenernos callados el resto del camino. Miré hacia el otro lado mientras cruzábamos la calle, en eso, la voz de Bodi me sacó de mis pensamientos enseguida. —Pues no, de hecho, nunca he besado a una chica. De hecho, ni siquiera he tenido novia o esas cosas. Él me confesó así sin más, naturalmente, mientras rascaba su nuca por encima de su gorro con cierta incomodidad, pero no tanta como para no contarme. En eso, recordé la conversación que él y Germur tuvieron. Bodi dijo algo sobre que no tenía problema en hablar y coquetear con chicas de su aldea, entonces se me ocurrió preguntar y estudiar sus reacciones, cómo el chico era muy noble y transparente, podría ver fácilmente si mentía o no. —¿En serio? —cuestioné con cierto tono sarcástico— ¿Acaso no hay otras perritas o chicas en tu aldea? Con lo conversador y amable que eres, no me extrañaría que tuvieras alguna chica esperándote en casa. —Bueno no, en Montaña Nevada no hay más perros, sólo papá y yo, el resto son ovejas y un yak. —Oh... ya veo... Miré la cara y las reacciones de Bodi al hablar, no titubeó ni se inmutó para nada, estaba casi segura que hablaba con la verdad. Cuando pensé que la conversación había acabado, él siguió hablando. —Y tampoco hay muchas hembras, sólo algunas ovejas. —Ah, ya veo... ¿y ellas son lindas? Una vez más, ¿qué diantres pasaba conmigo? ¿Por qué le preguntaba esas cosas? ¿por qué de pronto tenía interés por saber sobre su vida amorosa? Se suponía que no era de mi incumbencia, estaba dándole un impresión errónea de mí. —Pues... —Bodi puso su pata en su mentón, pensativo. —¡No, no, no! ¿Sabes qué? Olvídalo, mejor no me respondas, yo... —Supongo que sí, bueno, no soy una oveja, no sabría decirte con seguridad, pero en mi opinión había algunas chicas lindas; pero no, sólo éramos buenos amigos, me agradaba salir y hablar con ellas, pero sólo eso, nunca pensé en ellas como algo más que amigas. Me llamó la atención que Bodi no tuviera reparo en hablar o considerar como un buen partido a una chica de otra especie, bueno, después de todo se fijó en mí. No sé porque sentía entre raro pero a la vez tan lindo escuchar eso de él. —Ah, bueno, entiendo, gracias por decirme Bo... —¿Y qué tal tú, Darma? —¿Qué? —¿Qué hay de ti? ¿Ya has tenido un novio? ¿Has... has besado a alguien? —¿Qué, QUÉ? Su pregunta me tomó por sorpresa, la forma tan tranquila y casual de preguntarme eso, bueno, era normal que me cuestionará al respecto, pues yo saqué ese tema, pero, honestamente no me esperaba una pregunta así de personal viniendo de él. —¡No! Claro que no, yo jamás... nunca he salido con un chico, y mucho menos besado a uno, yo este... a mí, no soy como las demás chicas, ¡no me interesan esas cosas! —respondí con ansiedad y premura— No estoy interesada en chicos por el momento. —Oh... ya entiendo. —Me miró asombrado y luego azotó su puño contra su palma, como si hubiera descubierto un gran secreto—. Entonces a ti te gustan las chicas, ¿cierto? —respondió muy seguro, casi aseverando. —¿¡Qué!? —Arqueé las cejas sorprendida—. ¡No! ¡Por Freddie Mercury, Bodi, no! ¿Por qué piensas eso? —Ah, bueno —musitó inseguro y movió sus dedos nerviosamente—... es que como dijiste que no te gustaban los chicos supuse que tú... —¡Me refería que no estoy interesado en ellos en este momento! —bramé con una mezcla entre ira y sofoco— Me gustan los chicos, pero no quiero estar de \"manita sudada\" con ningún macho ahora. ¿Por qué pensaste que yo...? Estoy consciente de no ser muy femenina, y es normal que por mi look me confundieran con un chico o sobre mis preferencias (especialmente la loca de mi madre y sus amistades), ya me había acostumbrado y ya no me ofendía tanto, pero, por alguna razón, me molestó mucho viniendo de él. —¡Lo siento Darma! —Se inclinó y junto sus manos, casi suplicando— No quería ofenderte yo... soy un bobo... Agité mi cabeza y suspire un poco más tranquila. Exagerado. —Nah, está bien, sólo me tomó por sorpresa, aunque... ¡Bodi! —codeé su hombro pícaramente—, no pensé que tuvieras esa clase de ideas, vienes de una aldea muy conservadora de las montañas, no creí que pensaras... eso. —Según sé, eso no pasa muy a menudo en mi aldea, y no sé mucho de la capital, pero con lo que me mostró el sr. Scattergood el otro día, me dijo que aquí había muchas hembras que les gustaban otras hembras y no los machos, más lo que me dijiste de ti, yo pensé que tú... —Wowowo, un momento, ¿qué te mostró Angus? —El otro día en la mansión del sr. Scattergood, mientras buscaba una de esas cosas llamadas cintas de vídeo para pasar el rato, encontré una caja de cartón llena de películas debajo de su cama; aunque fue extraño, ninguna tenía portada o alguna imagen para saber de qué trataba. ¿Las películas siempre tienen una imagen y el título, no Darma? No sé porque, tenía un mal presentimiento. —Este... sí, sí, claro, ¿qué extraño, no? ¿Y luego qué hiciste Bodi? —Entonces tomé la primera película que encontré y decidí proyectarla en el reproductor VHS del cuarto del sr. Scattergood. En la cinta había dos pobres gatitas desamparadas en una piscina que se estaban lamiendo entre sí... Ay santo cielo, no me gustaba hacía donde iba esto. —¿P-p-p-obres gatitas? —temía preguntar— ¿por qué dices eso? —Bueno, en la película eran tan pobres que no tenían nada de ropa, ni siquiera un traje de baño. Estaban completamente desnudas, ¿no es triste? Sí, definitivamente ya sabía hacia dónde iba todo esto. —Bodi... ¿qué clase de película estabas...? —Y de pronto, pese a ser dos hembras empezaron a besarse en la boca... yo me quedé muy extrañado ante eso... Creo que no era lo más extraño de la cinta, Bodi. —...entonces, llamé al sr. Scattergood y le pregunté por qué se estaban besando dos gatitas. Enseguida me quitó la película y se enojó por tomar sus cosas sin permiso... Más bien se enojó porque descubriste donde guarda sus películas XXX. —... pero más tarde me explicó que había chicas que les gustaba otras chicas, que era algo muy normal en la ciudad... No, definitivamente eso no era normal... bueno, lo de dos chicas besándose tal vez, ¡pero no en esas circunstancias! Veo que ni Bodi ni Angus eran tan inocentes después de todo. Bueno, quizás el mastín sí, me hablaba con mucha naturalidad del tema, como si habláramos de lo más normal del mundo. —Así que cuando dijiste que no te gustaban los chicos y con lo que me comentó el sr. Scattergood, pensé que quizás tú eras como esas gatitas... —¡No, para nada! —lo callé muy avergonzada, juraría que mi cara estaba roja de la pena, mientras que él me hablaba tan campante y sin inmutarse, su ingenuidad y pureza podía resultar problemática— Bodi, eso que viste... bueno, no es tan común como dice Angus, lo que viste ahí era una vil película porno , no creas que todo lo que pasó ahí es real. —¿ Porno ? —preguntó inocentemente— ¿Qué es porno, Darma? —¿En serio Bodi? Miré al can con cara de aburrimiento y arqueando las cejas, mientras una señora elefante pasó cerca de nosotros y nos vio con una cara de terror e indignación. No sé en qué momento la conversación terminó de ese modo, aunque no negaré que me hacía cierta gracia. —Pfff... ja, ja —reprimí una risita— Ay Bodi, te explicaría... pero creo que el sr. Angus te puede decir mejor, ¿por qué no le preguntas eso a él? —Oh, buena idea, se lo preguntaré cuando regrese a su casa. —No, mejor pregúntale cuando esté toda la banda junta, estoy seguro que Germur tampoco sabe. Eso sería Glorioso . —Oh, buena idea, así lo haré Darma. No pude más y me carcajeé de lo lindo, imaginándome las caras de todos cuando lo hiciera, especialmente de Angus, seguro que se le salen los ojos de las gafas, y estaba segura que lo haría. —¿Dije algo gracioso? —Ja, ja, ja... sí, no, bueno, algo así... ja, ja, ja, ay Bodi, si supieras lo feliz que me haces. —Bueno, tú también me haces muy feliz Darma. —Ja, jaaaaaa... Ahí terminó la hora de la risa, cuando entendí que eso último podría implicar otra cosa de parte de Bodi. ¡Maldita sea! Todo esto de la declaración ya estaba fastidiándome más de la cuenta, ojalá pudiera decirme pronto, acabar de una buena vez con esto y regresar las cosas como eran antes... ¿o no? Hasta ese momento no había pensado en las consecuencias. Ya estaba claro que iba a decirle que no, pero, ¿cómo iba a tomarlo? Bodi no parece ser del tipo rencoroso, no creo que actué como el idiota de Trey cuando le dije que no estaba interesada en él y jamás volvió a decirme ni la hora. No, él no parecía ser así, aunque dudaba seguir recibiendo esta clase de trato. Bueno, sí realmente lo hacía con desinterés (y casi estaba segura que así era), lo seguiría haciendo, pero si no, estaría en todo su derecho de estar desilusionado conmigo. Pero luego agité mi cabeza para sacar esas ideas de mi mente, ¿por qué estaba pensando eso de repente? ¿Y por qué me preocupaban más los sentimientos de Bodi que los míos? Porque era mi amigo, después de todo. Creo que a nadie le gusta ver a un amigo sufrir, y la idea de verlo herido de amor por mí culpa me daba una peculiar sensación. ¿Y desde cuando era mi culpa? ¿Por qué lo estaba sobrepensando? —Oye Darma —me sacó de mis pensamientos— Ya llegamos. —¿Qué? Sin darme cuenta, estábamos en la entrada del subterráneo. —Ah, ¡gracias Bodi! Nos ve... De pronto el chico me abrazó rápido y con fuerza. Siempre lo hacía, pero aquel día me sorprendió tanto que no pude corresponderle, y debo reconocer que ese día se sintió diferente a otras veces. —Adiós Darma, hasta mañana, ¡Que tengas un buen viaje! —Errr.. si Bodi, gracias —musité con timidez—. Adiós. Ondulé mi pata y me despedí mientras el cánido hacía lo mismo agitando su cola jovialmente con una gran sonrisa, hasta que me di la vuelta y me dirigí hacía el próximo tren, con pensamientos confusos sobre un mastín en particular. Notas de autor: Listo, segundo capítulo subido. ¿Qué les pareció? El capítulo de hoy está un poquito subido de tono con el humor, sé que a lo mejor no es el mismo nivel de comedia de la película (Bueno, lo del !\"#$%&/()=? jardinero me hace pensar) pero espero que igual lo hayan disfrutado. Pero en fin, estaré más que gustoso de recibir sus comentarios, halagos o insultos al respecto o de mi historia en general. Quiero aprovechar para agradecer a todas las personas que leyeron mi fanfic. Al ser Rock Dog un fandom pequeñísimo y casi muerto, me sorprendió haber recibido muchas lecturas, quizás no tantas como otras historias, pero fue mucho más de lo que esperaba. Gracias por su confianza a todos, espero tenerlos aquí hasta el final de mi fic. Es todo por el momento, no se pierdan la siguiente semana el capítulo 3, ese episodio contará con un poco de acompañamiento musical, pero bueno, ya lo verán en su momento. ¡Hasta otra ocasión![Chapter 3] Capítulo 3: Sheer Heart Attack (Ataque directo al corazón) —Muy bien Darma, 3… 2… 1… ¡Dale! Las tensas cuerdas de mi bajo empezaron a hacer eco en el estudio de grabación de Angus, con un par de notas empecé a emular una de mis canciones favoritas. Imaginando mi propio ritmo, seguí la canción en mi mente y cuando llegó el momento, empecé a cantar. —Uuuuuhhhh… Let's go! Steve walks warily down the street With the brim pulled way down low Ain't no sound but the sound of his feet Machine guns ready to go Are you ready Are you ready for this? Are you hanging on the edge of your seat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat La cara del gato persa me decía que estaba impresionado por mi entrada, eso era bueno, dejé de pensar en las tonterías que me quitaron el sueño la noche anterior y me concentré en lo único importante ahora. Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust Seguí el arpegio de la canción sin problemas, aunque extrañaba un poco la batería de Germur, o un acompañamiento de guitarra con Bodi... Bodi... ¡Demonios! No debía pensar en él ahora, no quería distraerme; mi voz flaqueó por una centésima de segundo pero continué, esperando que el sr. Scattergood no lo hubiera notado. How do you think I'm going to get along Without you, when you're gone? You took me for everything that I had And kicked me out on my own Are you happy, are you satisfied? How long can you stand the heat? Out of the doorway the bullets rip To the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust Había llegado a un puente musical que no tenía ninguna nota con el bajo, así que dejé mi instrumento colgando de mis hombros e improvisé dando aplausos y pisotones, simulando el ritmo invisible de la canción. Me puse un poco nerviosa, pues pensé que a lo mejor el sr. Scattergood no le gustaría esa inactividad con mi bajo. Cuando me disponía a continuar la canción, escuché un acompañamiento con la batería proveniente de Angus, quien golpeaba platillo, tambor y percusión con la misma sintonía y cadencia que yo. —No te esponjes ni te estreses querida, vas bien… admiro que respetes muy bien la canción, también es de mis favoritas...oh, aquí viene tu parte. ¡Toda tuya! El señor Angus dejó de golpear los platillos y sabía que ya casi era hora de continuar con mi parte nuevamente, se despidió con un efusivo redoble de tambores y continué Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust Sujeté el bajo nuevamente, y continué tocando la parte final. There are plenty of ways you can hurt a man And bring him to the ground You can beat him You can cheat him You can treat him bad and leave him When he's down But I'm ready, yes I'm ready for you I'm standing on my own two feet Out of the doorway the bullets rip Repeating the sound of the beat Another one bites the dust Another one bites the dust And another one gone, and another one gone Another one bites the dust Hey, I'm gonna get you too Another one bites the dust —Shout out! —gritó Angus complacido— Ja,ja, ja. ¡Darma querida, eso fue impresionante! —Ah, mu-muchas gracias sr. Scattergood —respondí algo apenada. —Realmente no tengo mucho que decirte para mejorar, noté que al principio perdiste un poco el ritmo, fue muy leve y poco percibible, pero no creo que sea mayor problema. Rayos, creo que sí lo notó. —Lo lamento Angus. —Nah, nada que un poco de práctica personal no pueda solucionar. Y debo felicitarte, la parte del puente musical, hubiera aceptado que te hubieras saltado al coro, pero fue una buena improvisación, pero casi te ganan los nervios, era sólo una práctica, no pasa nada, ¿de acuerdo? —Sí, claro, lo tomaré en cuenta señor. —¿Señor? Pfff... No soy tan viejo, ya te dije, sólo dime Angus. ¿Qué otra cosa quería decirte? ¡Oh sí! Darma querida, tienes una voz muy hermosa, el trabajo con el bajo es fabuloso como siempre, pero creo que deberías acompañarnos a Bodi y a mí a la hora de la cantada. —¿En serio? —Claro, de hecho creo que tú y Bodi harían una excelente pareja juntos y... No sé porqué, pero no me gustó eso último, la idea me retorció el estómago. —¿Te pasa algo querida? —No nada, me distraje, ¿qué dijiste? —Qué tú y Bodi harían un increíble dueto. La próxima vez trataré de componer canciones donde ambos sean vocalistas, ¿no te parece genial? Uff, bueno, creo que sólo fue mi imaginación. —Cla-cla-claro que sí. —Ah... pero en fin, fue gratificante terminar esta sesión de práctica contigo, Darma querida, después de la enorme cefálea que me dieron ese par de cabezas huecas —se reprochó sobándose la sien con ambas patas. —¿Te refieres a Germur y Bodi? —Ay, no me los recuerdes, al menos con Germur sólo fue un par de corajes, enseñarle es todo un reto, hasta que no toca es difícil traerlo a la tierra; pero Bodi... ¡Sardinas saltarinas! —bramó colérico— Nunca había tenido tantos problemas con el pulgoso ese, tiene un talento para esto y aprende muy rápido, pero desde hace un par de días lo he notado poco centrado... Miré al gato persa con interés y un poco de preocupación al inferir de qué se trataba. —... no quiere decirme, pero creo que es bastante obvio lo que le pasa, ¿no crees, Darma querida? —¿Qué, a qué te refieres Angus? —¿No lo has notado? Pensé que tú lo habías percibido antes, eres su amiga más cercana, ¿o no? —Lo he visto un poco más raro de lo normal, pero no sé el motivo. —Mentí o esperaba que no fuera lo que temía. —¿En serio? — preguntó incrédulo— Rayos, esperaba que confirmaras mis sospechas querida, el cachorro no me lo ha dicho, pero por su forma rara de actuar, por todas las cosas que me preguntó hoy y sus dudas sobre chicas, estoy seguro que el cánido está enamorado. Se me retorció el estómago de nuevo. —¿Qué? ¿Bodi está enamorado? Pfff, ¿él, el chico más inocente y noble de la ciudad? ¿Estamos hablando del mismo Bodi? —Fingí asombro lo mejor que pude, aunque quizás sobreactué un poco. Angus sólo me miró sorprendido, de hecho bajó sus gafas y me vio un segundo con sus propios ojos y eso no me dio buena espina; me inspeccionó unos segundos y luego continuó. —¿Qué, por qué me miras así? ¿Qué dije? —Yo... nada —negó cabizbajo—, no es la respuesta que esperaba, por un momento pensé que a lo mejor tú... —¡Oiga, yo no...! —interrumpí nerviosa temiendo que él diría que yo era el motivo de la distracción del perro. —... que a lo mejor tú sabías quién es esa chica misteriosa que pone más idiota al cachorro de costumbre. —Ah, eso... no, claro que no, no tengo idea. —¿De veras? —S-s-sí, sí, de verdad —tartamudié de los nervios—. Es más, ni siquiera sabía que la distracción de Bodi era por eso, le pregunté ayer y no me dijo nada al respecto, aún se me hace difícil de creerlo, ... es decir, ¿Bodi está enamorado? ¿Cómo está tan seguro? —Bueno, no estoy 100% seguro, pero sus dudas eran obvias señales que lo confirman. Bodi me preguntó cómo hablarle a una chica, y algo sobre si era muy pronto para proponerle formalizar su amistad; no entedí bien eso último, quizás sea una forma de hablar de noviazgo en su aldea, no lo sé. —¿Qué... qué cosa? —Pero lo extraño es que cuando le preguntaba si estaba enamorado o quería declarársele a alguien para que fuera su novia, él insistía que no... no lo sé, es muy raro esa actitud testaruda, aún viniendo de Bodi. Por eso te preguntaba si no conocías a una chica con la que esté viéndose el cachorro, según yo la única con quién sale eres... —¡NO! —grité casi histérica— Es decir, no sé qué chica sea, ayer algo me comentó de que había lindas hembras en su aldea —alcancé a decir nerviosa—, quizás tenga alguna amiga especial esperándolo en Montaña Nevada de la que nadie sepa. —No, no, no, imposible, Bodi fue muy claro cuando me pidió consejos para hablar con señoritas, me dijo que no tenía problema para hablar con chicas de su aldea, pero quería consejos específicos para chicas de la ciudad. —El felino me miró con una sonrisa de oreja a oreja—. Por eso no me cabe duda de que tuvo que ser una chica que conoció aquí, Darma querida. No me gustaba para nada el tonito con el que me hablaba Angus o la forma con la que me miraba, creo que era evidente que ya sabía indirectamente lo que Bodi pensaba decirme. ¡Cómo si no fuera suficiente que Germur lo supiera, ahora ya lo sabía este gato pervertido! —Pero bueno, al final es sólo una teoría, quizás sólo está curioso por las costumbres de la ciudad, todo esto debe ser nuevo para él... Ahora Angus cambiaba el tema como si nada. ¿Por qué? —... O quizás, sólo sigua confundido con lo que vio el otro día en mi... Oh, bueno... también podría ser eso lo que explique su interés repentino por las chicas citadinas... oh vaya, jajaja, pillín —dijo acariciando su mentón—. Bodi, ¡eres toda una caja de sorpresas! —¿Qué? ¿Sobre qué... de qué está hablan...? Oh... Me tomó unos segundos comprender a qué se refería. Probablemente a las porquerías que vio Bodi el otro día por error. —Errr, no es nada, nada importante Darma, olvídalo. Pues es todo, sólo quería preguntarte si sabías algo al respecto, pero quizás salté en conclusiones muy rápido, tampoco es que me incumba su vida personal, pero voy a tener que ser más severo con el cachorro si sigue actuando como un perro enamorado y se toma lo de la banda enserio. Esto de la declaración se estaba saliendo de control y pensé que ya era tiempo de terminar con esto de una vez. No quería ser ruda con Bodi, pero si le iba a decir que no a su propuesta de todos modos, sería mejor hacerlo más pronto que tarde. Antes de seguir teniendo conversaciones incómodas con Angus o alguien más, decidí enseguida buscar al mastín y terminar con este asunto. Seguramente debía estar en la mansión, no lo había visto desde que llegué pero no dudaba que estaba en la cocina con Germur a esta hora como siempre. —¿O tú qué opinas, querida? —Ah, sí claro, estoy de acuerdo Angus. Entonces, ¿mañana a la misma hora? —Ah, no, nada de eso, lo hiciste muy bien hoy, Darma querida, no hay nada que pueda enseñarte por ahora, yo creo que nos veremos en tres días para practicar todos juntos, ¿te parece? —Claro, es perfecto. —Gracias, lo sé, lo soy. —Bueno, si no le importa necesito salir enseguida a resolver un asunto urgente. Guardé mi bajo en su estuche, me lo colgué al hombro y me dirigí rápidamente a la salida del estudio. —¡Hasta luego Angus, nos vemos el...! —¡Espera Darma querida! —gritó a lo lejos— ¡Si buscas al cachorro, él no está aquí! Me detuve enseguida, y luego me cuestioné, ¿Cómo sabía que yo buscaba a Bodi? El gato se acercó a mí con una boba sonrisa. —¿Qué dijo? —Bodi no está, regresó a Montaña Nevada. —¿Pero por qué? —Después de la charla que tuve con él, el perro seguía algo confundido sobre los consejos que le di sobre chicas, así que le sugerí que podía preguntarle a gente más experimentada que yo, y ya que los únicos que conoce son su padre y un viejo amigo de su aldea, el muy bestia tomó el primer camión a su hogar. Que zopenco, pudiendo haber usado el teléfono o el fax. Maldita sea, lo que me faltaba. ¡Ahora su padre y su amigo se iban a enterar! ¡Bodi! —Lo lamento Darma, seguro tenías muchas cosas que decirle a tu amigo —hizo otra risa molesta—; pero no te preocupes, tendrás mucho que hablar con él cuando regrese, me dijo que en dos días estaría de vuelta. —¿Le dijo algo más, señor? —Lo miré tratando de no parecer molesta. —De hecho sí, me pidió que lo despidiera de todos. Especialmente de ti, Darma querida. Por alguna razón, esa simple frase hizo dejar de pensar en las locuras de Bodi o la cara de idiota de Angus, me tranquilicé en ese momento, y no supe porque. —¿A mí? ¿Él te di-dijo algo de mí? —No mucho —me observó complacido—, sólo que lo disculparas por no despedirse de ti en persona y de no poderte acompañar hoy a tu parada, pero te desea un bonito fin de semana. ¡Ah! Y agradecerte por lo que le dijiste ayer. —¿Lo que le dije ayer? —Ni idea, pensé que tú lo sabrías mejor, pero bueno, eso fue todo si no mal recuerdo. —Entiendo... bueno, supongo que lo veré aquí el lunes. —Así es, bueno, en ese caso, veo que tienes prisa por irte, y no es que quiera correrte, pero yo también, tengo un poco de limpieza que hacer por aquí. Una idea pasó por mi cabecita. Una no muy buena. —Ah, entiendo Angus, pues está bien, lo dejaré solo —salí por la puerta del estudio— Buena suerte con tu \"limpieza\" —mencioné sarcásticamente—, espero que esta vez esconda mejor esas películas de gatitas desamparadas —Sonreí pícaramente—.¡No olvide limpiarse muy bien las patas al terminar! —Sí, eso haré... espera, ¿¡qué dijiste!? Cerré la puerta en su cara y me grabé su rostro idiota cuando le dije eso último. No era el único que sabía incomodar a los demás. Salí de la mansión y su intrincado sistema de seguridad, caminé sola por la avenida central y recorrí sin prisa el trayecto al tren subterráneo. Era la primera vez en mucho tiempo que regresaba a casa sola, no tenía nada de malo y no era que me sintiera desprotegida, pero, una parte de mi extrañaba a ese ridículo perro platicando de tonterías a mi lado. Estaba muerta de aburrimiento y no sabía qué hacer. Era una tediosísima tarde de domingo, pero estaba tan desesperada que deseaba que fuera lunes para volver a continuar con los ensayos de la banda, pero en especial, para ver a Bodi. Mis motivos eran más egoístas, no quería verlo porque me preocuparan tanto los sentimientos del perro, sino que quería terminar con este maldito drama de la declaración de una buena vez. Estos días me la pasé pensando más de la cuenta, incluso a veces jugaba con la idea de lo que pasaría si le decía que sí, lo cual me daba una extraña mezcla de emociones entre gracia por lo ridículo que sonaba y náuseas de la sola idea de considerar a Bodi como algo más que un amigo o colega de la banda, pero mi decisión no había cambiado en nada. Le iba a decir que 'no' la próxima vez que lo viera, sólo espero que él saque el tema a relucir y no tenga que sacárselo por la fuerza. Sentada en una banca del parque del Rock 'n' Roll, escuchaba Sheer Heart Attack , con los ojos cerrados y audífonos en mis orejas. Me visualizaba a mi misma tocando el bajo en las partes de la canción donde se requería, estuve tentada a sacar mi propio bajo del estuche, aunque no tenía mucho sentido, pues no tenía donde conectarlo, de hecho, no sabía porque lo traje en primer lugar. La costumbre, supongo. Aunque ya no tocará aquí como el resto de las bandas, me seguía pareciendo un excelente lugar de relajación, con un poco de aire libre y ruidos de diferentes bandas practicando sus canciones o entreteniendo a los mamíferos; también era un lugar ideal para salir con amigos, bueno, mis únicos amigos ahora eran esa torpe cabra y ese bobo mastín, Bodi... Bodi, Bodi, Bodi, ¡otra vez él! Ya había pensado demasiado en él casi todo el fin de semana, y no eran recuerdos tan agradables, juraba que lo veía en todos lados, esto ya me estaba cansando demasiado, podía casi imaginarlo con su voz irritante y su sonrisa molesta saludándome. —¡Hola Darma! Y ahí estaba de nuevo, ese vago recuerdo de él que me había vuelto a hacer perder mi concentración oyendo música. En serio, deseaba que el mastín estuviera aquí ahora mismo para terminar con mi agonía. —¡Hola Darma! Y no cesaba, es como si mi mente me jugara una broma cruel, ¿Qué tenía que hacer para dejar de pensar en él? —¡Ya déjame en paz! —grité fastidiada. —Oh. Lo siento Darma, no quería incomodarte... mejor, regreso en otro momento... Eso sonó demasiado real para mi. —Espera un momento... ¿Qué? Abrí los ojos confundida, frente a mí había un chico que jamás había visto antes, era un apuesto perro que me miraba con unos ojos curiosos, tenía el cabello algo alborotado en un intento fallido por peinarlo, pero que lo hacía ver atractivo; luego lo vi de cuerpo completo y tenía unas ropas entre elegantes y casuales: usaba una camisa blanca y encima una chaqueta de smoking negra, pero sin corbata, y tenía también unos jeans que le daban un look sobresaliente y contrastante, me quedé embobada viendo a este raro espécimen hasta que al volver a ver su cara, hizo una sonrisa molesta e irritante que me hizo ver lo tonta que era. —N-n-no puede ser... ¡¿B-B-Bo di?! ¿Eres tú? —pregunté estupefacta. —¡Hola Darma! —dijo el cánido saludándome con una pata. Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer Heart Attack Fue lo último que escuché antes de quitarme mis audífonos y ver como idiota al mastín. Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeal Cardiac Notas de autor: Hola de nuevo a todos. Me alegro de publicar a tiempo el nuevo capítulo de esta historia. Sé que es un poco corto, pero no se preocupen, el capítulo siguiente y final será mucho más largo y entretenido (espero). Como buen fic de Rock Dog, pensé que necesitaba un poco de música, y por eso decidí probar un poco con una de mis bandas favoritas de Rock (y tal vez de Darma). Esto no es exactamente un sonfic pero quería introducir un poco de música al asunto, y cuando era el turno de Darma para brillar, la primera canción con un bajo que vino a mi mente fue Another One Bites The Dust de su majestad y reina, Queen . No sé si la conozcan o les guste, pero yo siento que le quedaba perfectamente al estilo de esta vulpina. Sin más que agregar, salvo agradecer de nuevamente su preferencia, sus votos y comentarios, sólo me queda recordarles que la próxima semana publicaré el cuarto y último capítulo de Declaración (si todo sale bien). Muy pendientes la siguiente semana para ver el desenlace de esta historia. ¡Hasta el próximo viernes! Nos leemos luego. Basura Legal: Esta historia es ficción, cualquier parecido con la realidad es mera coincidencia. La letra y las referencias musicales usadas en este capítulo, ' Another One Bites The Dust ' y ' Sheer Heart Attack ' pertenecen a la exitosa banda ingles, ' Queen ' y a sus respectivos dueños. Las piezas musicales fueron utilizadas sólo como armonización y sin ningún fin de lucro. Rock Dog pertenece a Mandoo Pictures, Huayi Brothers y sus respectivos dueños, la historia fue redactada por fines de entretenimiento y sin ningún lucro. Historia creada por su servidor, Janyo o Kirby_Hanyou. Todos los derechos (e izquierdos) reservados.[Chapter 4] Capítulo 4: Más que una amiga ¡Era Bodi! ¿Pero por qué lucía así? ¿Por qué tenía ese extraño cambio de imagen? ¿Por que su cabello se veía tan genial? ¿Y por qué rayos se veía tan diferente que no pude reconocerlo enseguida? Hace apenas unos días era el mismo mastín de siempre, con esa ropa rara y su gorro estúpido, pero en ese momento parecía un especie de galán de telenovela o casanova... ay no, creo que mi deseo se volvió realidad para hablar con él en persona pero, ¿¡qué demonios pasaba aquí!? —Bodi, ¿qué te pasó? —insistí sorprendida— ¿Por qué vienes vestido así? ¿O más bien, por qué estás aquí? —Bueno, yo —se rascó la cabeza y dejó de sonreír haciendo una mueca de vergüenza—... vine a hablar contigo. Esto no pintaba nada bien, estaba empezando a sentirme más incómoda de lo que debería. —¿Ha-hablar conmigo? ¿Y te vestiste así sólo para hablar conmigo? —Sí... bueno no. Lo que pasa es que... ah —suspiró—, es una larga historia... —Tranquilo, tengo mucho tiempo libre... —Errr bueno —Bodi parecía estar incómodo contándome eso—... quería hablar de algo muy importante contigo, pero no sabía cómo decírtelo, así que le pedí un consejo a mi papá; él me dijo que antes de hablar con una dama... —Espera, ¿qué? —...debía verme presentable, aunque sigo pensando que es muy exagerado... me siento algo tonto por esto. —Claro que eres un tonto, pero debo admitir que eres uno que se ve muy bien, ¡ugh! —me apresuré a tapar mi boca— «¡Ay no!» —me dije mentalmente— , «¿En qué diantres estaba pensando?» Bodi ahora me veía con cierta timidez y bochorno mientras permanecía con una pata en el bolsillo y otra en la espalda. —¡Es decir! Te ves muy bien para la ciudad, un poco formal para mi gusto, pero queda mucho mejor que tu típica ropa de tu aldea y tu gorro estúpido. —Gracias Darma... ¡Oye! Mi gorrito no es estúpido. —Jeje, claro que sí Bodi. El can hizo una mueca molesta, pero luego me sonrió divertido, es lo más cerca que he visto molesto a Bodi, siempre es demasiado relajado y positivo. El aire se tensó menos y ahora se veía un poco más calmado. —¡Ah! Antes de que se me olvide, ten esto. Bodi extendió su pata y me entregó un ramillete con unas cuantas flores rojas, blancas y rosas que me tomaron por sorpresa. Esto se estaba poniendo cada vez más y más embarazoso. ¿Por qué hacía esto Bodi? En una situación normal, hubiera rechazado esta muestra de afecto, hasta se las hubiera aventado en la cara, pero fue tan raro e inesperado que sólo alcancé a tomarlas casi obligada y con un extraño hormigueo recorriendo mi estómago. —Gracias, pero ¿pero qué... ? ¿Por qué me das esto Bodi? ¿Acaso tú...? —¡No, no, no! —agitó sus patas y negó enseguida— te las manda tu mamá, me pidió que te las entregara. —A bueno... ¿Qué? ¿Mi mamá? ¿Por qué —en ese momento la verdad me cayó como un balde de agua fría—...? ¿¡BODI, FUISTE A VER A MI MADRE!? —grité histérica y tan fuerte que el mastín se sobresaltó y todos los animales cerca del parque voltearon hacia nosotros. ¿Qué rayos le pasaba? ¿Por qué Bodi fue a ver a la loca de mi madre? ¡Pensé que él quería que sólo fuera su novia, no pedir mi mano en matrimonio! En serio, esto ya había colmado mi paciencia, ¡tenía que acabar con esto ya! —Oye, lo siento mucho Darma, no pensé que te molestaría tanto... Lo vi genuinamente asustado. Ok, tal vez exageraba. Respiré profundo y me calmé, Bodi se veía aterrado, tal vez había una explicación para esto, si no, no tenía idea de lo que le esperaba. —Yo, lo siento, es que no... me tomó por sorpresa. A ver, dime, ¿por qué fuiste a ver a mi madre, Bodi? —dije apretando los dientes— O más bien, ¿Cómo sabes dónde vivo? —cuestioné más acusadoramente de lo que debería. —Ah bueno, como no sabía cómo encontrarte, fui a ver a Germur primero, él me dijo dónde vivías... Nota mental: Darle un golpe en la nuca mañana a esa cabra. —... así que fui a buscarte a tu casa, quería hablar contigo personalmente, pero me abrió tu mamá y... Bueno, eso tenía más sentido, tal vez sí estaba exagerando un poco. ¿Ir a pedir mi mano? ¿En qué caramba pensaba? —... me preguntó quién era y que quería, le dije que era un amigo tuyo y enseguida me invitó a pasar a tu casa. Aunque tampoco esperaba nada bueno viniendo de mi madre. Esto no pintaba nada bien. —Ok, ¿y luego qué pasó? —Tu mamá era una señora muy linda y amable, me invitó a sentarme en la sala y me ofreció té y galletitas. Estaban muy ricas por cie... —¡Ve al punto Bodi! —Ay perdón. En fin, me empezó a hacer preguntas sobre mí, cómo me llamaba, a qué me dedicaba, cuánto tiempo llevaba de conocerte, cómo y dónde nos vimos por primera vez, qué tan cercanos éramos, qué si creía que eras bonita, qué si aguantaba tu carácter, qué interés tenía en ti... No sólo era malo, ¡era mucho peor de lo que pensaba! De todas las personas que podía encontrarse Bodi, ¿¡por qué tenía que ser precisamente la loca de mi madre!? Ella se muere por qué salga con chicos y tenga novios como mis primas, ¡O hasta casada y con hijos! Dejé de traer amigos a mi casa por esa razón, se ponía a acosar a todos como al bobo mastín, ¡siempre hacía lo mismo! Más parecía que ella era la que quería entregar mi mano en matrimonio con cualquier fulano. ¡Y ahora ese fulano era este perro! —¡Ok, suficiente! Ya, ya entendí Bodi. —De acuerdo Darma. —¿Te dijo otra cosa que no fueran preguntas personales? —Creo que no, después me empezó a hablar muchas cosas sobre ti, que le importabas mucho, que le entristecía verte siempre tan sola y le preocupaba tu seguridad cuando regresabas noche, que se sentiría más tranquila si tuviera un apuesto chico a su lado que la trajera sana y salva a casa para... Esto no podía ser más bochornoso. En este punto ya temía seguir preguntando. —... y qué aunque no fueras una chica tan atractiva como otras, en el fondo eres muy... —¡Bueno ya! —Lo corté molesta por ese último comentario. Muy sútil, Bodi—. Creo que no necesito que me digas más... bueno, sólo una cosa, ¿Por qué mi mamá te mandó a ti por flores? —No tengo idea, cuando le dije que quería hablar contigo para algo importante y le pedí consejos, se emocionó demasiado y me empezó a decir un montón de cosas... Mátenme por favor. —Entre ellas me pidió que te regalara flores. Se me hizo extraño, pensé que no te gustaban las flores Darma, pero tu mamá insistió y hasta me dio dinero para comprarlas, así que bueno, eso hice. —Ay mamá, ¡ella sabe que no me gustan estas cosas! ¿Por qué...? Un momento, ¿Y cómo sabes tú que no me gustan las flores? —Tú misma me lo dijiste hace tiempo. —¿Eso hice? Yo no recuerdo eso... es un detalle sin importancia, ¿no? ¿Cómo es que lo recuerdas? —No sé, siempre pongo atención a lo que me dices. Nos quedamos callados de pronto, miré al mastín y se veía un poco nervioso, se ve que quería decirme algo. Después de todo este circo, creo que ya era tiempo de que acabara esto. Tomé aire, dejé las flores en la banca del parque, junto a mi bajo y empecé a hablar. —Bodi... —Dar —me interrumpió—... errr... lo lamento, habla tu primero... —No importa, pero gracias. Has actuado muy extraño estos días Bodi, y no me has dicho porque, ¿acaso, es lo mismo que querías decirme hoy? Él chico sólo asintió. Yo sólo suspiré al confirmar mis sospechas, y tratándome de preparar para lo que venía. —Y supongo que esos consejos que le pediste a Angus, a tu padre y a mi madre tiene que ver conmigo, ¿no? —Afirmati... espera, ¿cómo...? —Mah, intuición femenina, supongo. Debe ser algo muy importante y difícil para ti para que te hayas tomado tantas molestias. —Sí... bueno, no tanto pero... —Hey, ya no importa Bodi, sólo —suspiré cansada—... ah, dime lo que tengas que decir, soy todo oídos. El chico se quedó callado unos segundos, lo vi tragar saliva con un poco de premura, respiró hondo y su cara cambió de una expresión nerviosa e insegura, a algo más firme y sereno, poco característico de él. —Darma —dijo con una voz grave y ronca— yo... ay, no puedo —su voz varonil se perdió enseguida. —Hey tranquilo, si quieres yo... —Es que, estuve pidiendo consejos porque no estaba seguro de como decirte esto... —Entiendo Bodi, por eso creo que... —...pero todos me decía cosas diferentes y extrañas, y realmente no puedo hacerlo como ellos quieren... Oye, tampoco me ignores, grosero. —Esto de la ropa —dijo tomando su saco con una pata— o las flores se me hace exagerado para lo que quiero decirte y... —¡Bodi! —grité y el perro volteó a verme— Lo que sea que tengas que decirme, sólo hazlo a tu manera, ¿sí? Sé tú mismo, pero sólo hazlo, ¿quieres? Mientras me digas lo que tengas que decir como siempre lo haces, es suficiente para mí, ¿de acuerdo? —Darma... El mastín se me quedó viendo sorprendido como bobo, y luego me sonrió con un gesto más seguro y asintió. —De acuerdo. Darma... El perro se me acercó y me miró fijo a los ojos, la corta distancia entre nuestros hocicos me provocó nervios y me hizo preocuparme más de la cuenta, mucho más al sentir su respiración tan cerca de la mía; sin perder contacto visual, sentí unas grandes y enormes patas afelpadas sobre las mías, sus enormes y gorditos dedos apenas lograban apresar los míos tímidamente, no sé porqué algo tan trivial y simple me ponía nerviosa, y tampoco supe porque no me solté enseguida. —Darma... —me dijo con una voz suave y cálida. —¿Bodi? ¿Qué... qué crees que haces? —pregunté algo confundida— ¿qué es eso tan importante que tienes que decirme? Era extraño, todas esas ansias y prisa porque Bodi me dijera su sentir se habían esfumado, desconocido para mí, quería escuchar lo que Bodi tenía que decir, a pesar de saber que era y a pesar de ya tener mi respuesta. —Sé que tenemos poco de conocernos, pero en este corto tiempo que hemos pasado juntos en la banda, las salidas a comer, cuando descansamos entre ensayos, en los conciertos que hemos tocado juntos o las veces que te acompaño a casa, han sido una muy grata experiencia para mí. Bodi hablaba de una forma tan natural y relajada, casi la misma que usa al hablar conmigo, pero al mismo tiempo, tan diferente a otras veces, hablaba con otra entonación, era otro tono, uno que lo hacía sonar más seguro de sí mismo y con una voz hipnótica y, a falta de mejor palabra, casi... seductora... ¿Por qué? ¿Por qué estaba pasando esto? ¿Desde cuando se volvió tan atractivo o casi... romántico? ¿Acaso es la ropa y el peinado? ¿El detalle de las flores? ¿su respiración tibia en mi cara, la sensación de tocar mis patas y verme con unos ojos con los que nadie me había visto antes? ¿O ese extraña pero adictiva fragancia que acababa de notar apenas? ¡Santo cielo! ¿Qué rayos me pasaba? —Eres una chica fantástica, una excelente amiga y me agradas mucho, sé que a lo mejor no he conocido a muchos animales, pero creo que eres la mamífera más increíble y divertida que haya conocido jamás. «No Bodi, para, detén estas cursilerías, ¡por favor! Yo no soy nada de eso, debes haberte confundido de chica.» —Cosas así pensaba en su momento, pero no sé porque no lograba sacarlas de mi pecho. Mi curiosidad, mi estúpida curiosidad de saber que iba a decir no me dejaba hablar para interrumpirlo... o quizás, era atractivo y adictivo escuchar a alguien decirme esas palabras que no sabía que me gustaba oír hasta ese momento. —Por eso, algo en lo que he pensado mucho es en pasar al siguiente nivel, a consolidar esta amistad y, ser algo más que tu amigo —acentuó eso último con demasiada seriedad. —Cielos Bodi no... — desvié la mirada, no sé si por las palabras pocos sutiles o la vergüenza y pena que recorrió mi rostro en ese momento, no quería verlo a los ojos, no así. —Darma, escúchame, por favor. Aparté un poco más la mirada, fue tan pronto y repentino que me dio mucho pavor, y más al saber que me preguntaría, y más al saber que le respondería; si en verdad pensaba eso de mí, si en verdad sentía eso por mí, me di cuenta que si lo veía a la cara y le decía que no estaba interesada en él como él en mí, no podría mirarlo de nuevo a los ojos el resto de mi vida con la banda. ¿Por qué me preocupaba de pronto sus sentimientos? ¿Qué tiene este perro que me hace detestarlo y subestimarlo por un momento y luego preocuparme por él o sentir amor? Momento, ¿acaso pensé en amor! ¡No, no, no, no, no! ¡Nada de eso! Era mi amigo, nada más era mi amigo y no quería lastimarlo. Tenía que irme, ¡tenía que irme enseguida! Esto era demasiado para mí. —Bodi... yo no, lo siento —solté sus patas, sin verlo a los ojos— no puedo... —¡Espera! Él tomó de nuevo una de mis patas, impidiendo que le diera la espalda, luego, sentí una de sus enormes zarpas en mi mejilla que me hizo voltear enseguida a verlo, no lo pude evitar y lo volví a mirar a los ojos, tenía un poco de preocupación en su rostro, pero cuando nos vimos entre sí, recuperó una pequeña sonrisa. —Sólo escúchame por favor Darma —apartó su garra de mi pómulo— escucha lo que tengo que decirte. —Oye, mejor en otro momento, no creo que... —Darma — me volvió a ignorar ese mastín maleducado—... yo... quisiera pedirte... ¡Santo cielo! En ese momento sentí que el tiempo se detenía, que mi mundo se volvía de colores rosas y rojos asquerosamente cursis, hasta podía imaginar algún jazz suave, y de pronto, sentí un montón de estómagos en mi mariposa, a falta de una mejor forma de describirlo. Luego, algo tocó mi pata y me volvió a la realidad, volví a sentir su otra pata en la mía. ¡Por el mostacho de Freddy Mercury! ¡Él estaba por decírmelo, se me estaba a punto de declarar! —...qué si tú... No lo podía creer, lo estaba haciendo de emoción, y yo de idiota no movía ni un músculo, sólo lo veía conmovida y ansiosa de escuchar sus palabras. ¡Incluso agité mi cola como una boba colegiala! Pero estaba infinitamente preocupada porque cada instante que pasaba, hacía más difícil decirle que no. —...¿Quisieras... hacerme el honor... ¡Deja de retrasarlo de una buena vez y dímelo ya! ¡Termina con esto! —...de ser... ¡Apúrate! Le decía a gritos. —mi... ¡Sí, sí sí, ok, tú ganas, sí, sí, SÍ! —...mejor amiga? Y así fue. Tan ridículo y tonto como sólo el perro podía hacerlo, así soltó la escena más romántica y cursi que haya experimentado en mi vida, viéndome a los ojos fijamente, sujetando mis patas y con la misma sonrisa idiota de siempre. —Ay Bodi... ¡Sí, sí... sí! Espera un segundo... ¿Q-q-qué acabas de decir? El tiempo volvió a correr su curso mágicamente, y la música suave de Jazz, la luz tenue, los corazones y algodones de azúcar desaparecieron de esa acaramelada declaración o intento de declaración en un instante. —Dije que si te gustaría ser mi mejor amiga —me repitió ese imbécil, así sin más. —¿Tú... tú... tú... tú...? ¡¿Tú mejor amiga?! ¡¿TODO ESTO FUE UNA ESTÚPIDA DECLARACIÓN PARA VER SI QUERÍA SER SU MEJOR AMIGA?! ¡BBBBBBOOOOOOOOODIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII! —¡Sí! eso, mi mejor amiga —mencionó emocionado—. No estaba seguro de decírtelo, porque no sé si en la ciudad tengan esta costumbre, o si no sentías lo mismo que yo, pero bueno, ya está, —suspiró aliviado— ya lo dije, que dices Darma —me siguió hablando con una risa estúpida— ¿Darma? ¿Darma? —Bodi... ¿¡Qué demonios le pasaba!? Me intrigó con su misterio, se puso a hacer tonterías, a pedir consejos, a ir hasta su aldea, a ver a mi madre, a ponerse ese estúpido Smoking, a comprar unas flores, a hacer todo ese estúpido teatrito romántico y al final me sale que sólo quiere ser mi amigo. ¿Y todo para qué? ¿¡Para mandarme a la friendzone!? ¿Era acaso una broma cruel? ¿Estaba jugando conmigo? ¿Le parece gracioso ilusionar a alguien? ¡No esperé nunca algo tan bajo, no de ti Bodi! —Errr... Darma, ¿te pasa algo...? ¿Acaso dije algo malo...? ¡Ah! —¡BODI... ERES UN... IDIOTA! —¡Darma! ¡Espera, un segundo, por favor cálmate...! ¡Argh! Cegada por la ira y la vergüenza que me hizo pasar, no lo pensé dos veces, agarré mi bajo, lo tomé del mástil con ambas patas y traté de golpear a Bodi con él, pero el muy bastardo lo esquivó. ¡Quería matarlo! —¡Eres un tonto, tonto, tonto, tonto, Bodi! ¡Ah! ¡Ha! ¡Toma esto! —¡Darma! ¡Espera! —esquivó cada una de mis estocadas del bajo— ¡Por favor, cálmate! ¿Qué dije? ¿Qué hice para que te molestaras tanto? Intenté encestar un bajazo al mastín sin éxito, el hijo de perra logró eludir cada uno de mis ataques, de no estar tan furiosa y con ganas de asesinarlo hubiera reconocidos sus increíbles reflejos, pero eso no bastó para hacerme desistir con la única idea de desquitar mi corazón herido con una venganza física. —¡No te hagas el listo! ¡Ha-ha! ¿Cómo te atreves...? ¡Ha, ha! ¿A jugar con? ¡Ah! ¿Mis sentimientos? —continúe intentando darle un fuerte golpe con la parte más dura de mi bajo— ¡No te muevas! En eso el mastín se detuvo y se quedó de pie, aproveché su extraño movimiento para darle un fuerte porrazo con el cuerpo de mi bajo en su cabezota hueca, azoté mi instrumento, pero antes de que pudiera impactarle, el mastín atrapó mi guitarra con ambas patas. —Darma... —¡Suéltalo! —forcejeé tratando de recuperar el control de mi arma improvisada— ¡Suelta mi bajo para que pueda darte un buen golpe con él! —¡Por favor Darma, cálmate, vas a estrellar tu bajo! —¡Sí, pero en tu cabezota, malnacido! —¡Darma! El mastín me gritó y acercó su rostro al mío, toda mi furia y enojo se aminoró al ver la cara del chico tan cerca de la mía, pero en vez de verme con ira o fastidio, sus ojos mostraban una actitud suplicante. —Por favor, tranquilízate, tú me dijiste que este bajo significaba mucho para ti, no creo que realmente quieras pegarme con él y arriesgarte a estrellarlo. Tampoco sé que hice mal o en que te ofendí si no me lo dices... sea lo que haya sido yo, lo lamento. Pero dime que fue exactamente para poderme disculpar contigo. Mi respiración seguía agitada por el esfuerzo y la cólera que recorrió mi cuerpo, pero sus palabras y su rostro que no mostraba nada de malicia y sólo la verdad, me hicieron pensar mejor las cosas, ¿Qué estaba haciendo? ¿Por qué actué tan molesta e impulsiva? El idiota tenía razón, ¡por poco destruía algo tan importante para mí! Mi bajo. Ah y claro, por poco lastimaba a este torpe can. Solté un fuerte suspiro y me resigné. —Suelta mi bajo por favor Bodi. —Le pedí más tranquila. —De acuerdo. —Obedeció el mastín enseguida. —Gracias. Enderecé mi instrumento y me lo colgué al hombro para demostrar que no iba a volver atacar al perro con este. —Lo lamento Darma, no sé qué hice mal, sólo quería pedirte que fueras mi mejor amiga y... —¡Ush! —bramé exaltada— ¡Oye espera! ¿Es en serio? ¿Qué clase de broma...? —¡Es en serio Darma! —¿¡Cómo que es en serio!? ¡Todo este tiempo que estuviste pensativo, y pidiendo consejos a media ciudad! ¿Fue sólo para pedirme que fuera tu mejor amiga? —¡Sí! —¿Pero qué? Ay cielos —me senté en la banca confundida—... Bodi, yo, no, no lo entiendo. ¿por qué tanto misterio y drama para algo tan simple como ser tu \"mejor amiga\"? —Oye, no es simple —se sentó a mi lado— en mi aldea es un evento especial cuando... Algo hizo clic en mi mente. —Un segundo... ¿En tu aldea? —Sí, en mi aldea, ¿qué...? —¿En tu aldea hacen esta clase de cosas? —Sí, bueno, en Montaña Nevada, cuando tienes un amigo o amiga que quieres mucho y que es muy, muy especial para ti, le haces una declaración para convertirse en tu mejor amigo, es una tradición muy especial y solemne que tenemos todos los habitantes de mi aldea. En este punto, no sé como todavía podía pensar coherentemente. Me di un golpe en la frente para comprobarlo. —Bodi... —¿Qué pasa? Eso... ¿eso hacen también aquí, no? ¿O tiene otro nombre o...? —No Bodi, no hacemos eso aquí... —Espera... ¿qué? —Sí, así como lo oyes Bodi, creo que esa clase de tradiciones sólo existe en tu aldea. —¿Aquí no tienen el concepto de mejores amigos? ¿Sólo son amigos y ya? —Claro que sí, sólo que no hacemos una fiesta o un teatro como el que hiciste, al menos en esta ciudad, no hacemos esa clase de celebración, ¿en verdad tenías que hacer tanto circo sólo para decirme eso? ¿Por qué no sólo me lo preguntaste y ya? —Yo... ay cielos, me siento como un tonto... —Ah... créeme, yo me siento aún más imbécil que tú... —Es que, es algo muy especial en mi aldea, quería que esto fuera especial entre tú y yo, Darma, en serio, me agradas mucho. ¿Por qué? ¿Por qué aún me sentía rara al hablar del tema? —Espera, ¿todo esto lo hiciste por mí? —Sí, todo lo que te dije es cierto, ¿Pensaste que estaba bromeando? —No, no, no.. claro que no... hasta me lo creí muy bien, tal vez... demasiado, ¿Pero entonces, ¿por qué hiciste todo esto? —Pensé que en la ciudad, la tradición de la declaración al mejor amigo era distinto, así que le pedí consejo al sr. Scattergood, cuando le dije que quería ser más que tu amigo, el Sr. Scattergood me empezó a hablar de cosas raras sobre cómo hablar con chicas y... —Oye, oye, un momento, ¿eso le dijiste a Angus? ¿¡Qué quería que fuera más que una amiga!? —Sí, eso le dije, porque ser más que una amiga significa ser una mejor amiga, no? —¡BODI PEDAZO DE IDIOTA! —le grité casi al oído— ¡Eso no significa ser más que un amigo, al menos no en la ciudad! —¿Qué? ¿Qué dices, entonces qué significa? Me di un fuerte manotazo en la cara. Era increíble. Este chico que ya vio pornografía de gatitas no podía ser más ingenuo. O inocente. O estúpido. —Bodi, ser más que un amiga aquí quiere decir NO-VI-A —le deletreé furiosa—. Básicamente le pediste consejo a Angus de que quería ser tu novia. —¿Qué, qué... QUÉ, QUÉ? No sé porqué, pero la cara de susto que puso Bodi me dolió. —Vaya, y pensé que yo era la que se tomaba las cosas mal. —¿En serio significa eso? ¡Por los pelos de mi cola! —Ajá —asentí. —Yo no quería... es decir, ¿El sr. Scattergood pensó que yo y tú...? —Oh sí —asentí algo divertida esta vez. —Es decir, ¿tú y yo? ¿Él pensó que yo quería que tú fueras mi novia? —¡Bingo! —asentí burlonamente— y me parece que no fue al único que le pediste consejo, ¿no? —No, le pedí consejos a Germur, al señor de los fideos, al conductor de ida del camión a Montaña Nevada, a Carl, a mi papá, al señor Yak, a la conductora de regreso a la ciudad...¡Y a tu mamá también! En serio, no bromeaba cuando dije que Bodi le contó a medio mundo lo nuestro. —Sí, así parece, ahora ellos piensan que tú querías... —¡Incluso te lo dije a ti! —Oye, no lo menciones... —musité algo avergonzada. —¡Por eso te molestaste conmigo y casi me vuelas la cabeza! —¡Oye, no exageres, no fue la gran cosa! ¡Y te lo merecías por jugar con mis sentimientos! —Oh Darma... yo... yo... cuanto lo siento. De pronto, vi cabizbajo al cachorro, por primera vez, desde lo que pasó con Angus en la radio, vi al can tan desanimado. Tanto que mis deseos por humillarlo más fueron reemplazados por un poco de pena. —Soy un tonto... —Bodi... —Tomé su hombro. —Se supone que quería ser tu mejor amigo y mira lo que hice, le dije a todos una mentira y lo peor, te lastimé a ti. —Oye, Bodi, ya déjalo, ya aclaramos todo, no... —Soy un tonto, no puedo ni siquiera llamarme tu amigo... —¡Bodi! —tome al can de ambas patas— oye, escúchame, sólo fue un malentendido, ¿de acuerdo? Sí, es algo incómodo y bochornoso, pero no fue tu... bueno, no fue todo tu culpa, ¿sí? Es sólo eso, un malentendido y... —Seguramente debes odiarme... —Oye no, odiar es una palabra muy fuerte, yo no... —¡Claro que me odias! Debió haber sido algo terrible lo que te dije para querer romperme tu preciado bajo en mí —sollozó completamente sobresaltado. Bodi estaba aterrado, ¿por qué sus emociones cambiaron tan rápido? ¿Y por qué yo pasé del enamoramiento, a la rabia, a la compasión y en ese momento, a la culpa en tan poco tiempo? —¡Fui un idiota! ¡Soy sólo un...! —¡Bodi! Le di un beso. En la mejilla, claro. ¿Por qué? No lo sé, sólo quería que se callara o... no sé, algo me dijo que era el lugar y el momento correcto. Y funcionó muy bien. —Darma... —No te odio, —le dije con suavidad— Bodi, me molesté un poco contigo por como me enteré de la situación... Ok —suspiré fastidiada—, quería arrancarte la cabeza, sí, pero no te odio Bodi, los malentendidos pasan y a veces los buenos amigos se pelean, pero no pasa nada... además... ¿recuerdas todo eso que me dijiste? ¿lo de tu declaración? ¿Fueron tus palabras, cierto? —Sí... bueno, yo... —¿No fue ningún consejo de alguien más, no? ¿Es eso lo que piensas de mi? —Así es, afirmativo. —Entonces, hagamos esto. ¿Podrías...? ¿Podrías repetir tu declaración una vez más para mí? —¿¡Qué!? —exclamó sorprendido. —¿Por favor... sí? El cánido me sonrió, me tomó de ambas patas, mientras él se ponía de pie , yo lo observé sentada desde la banca. —Darma, yo... ¡rayos! No me acuerdo del todo... —No lo repitas tal cual, tontín —lo regañé y reí a la vez—, dime lo que sientes, sé tu mismo. —Ok, aquí voy —respiró hondo y comenzó—. Darma, aunque nos conocimos hace poco tiempo, fue suficiente para saber que eres una chica sensacional, tal vez no conozca a muchos mamíferos en la ciudad, o a muchos animales en el mundo, pero creo que eres alguien única, divertida, graciosa, a veces malhumorada... —¡Hey! No dijiste eso la otra vez... —... je, je, je, lo siento, pero no por eso menos asombrosa, al contrario, admiro mucho ese carácter decidido en ti, y disfruto pasar el tiempo contigo. Creo que eres una gran amiga que me ha ayudado y me ha hecho pasar increíbles momentos aquí, en mi nueva vida en la ciudad. Por eso, hoy, quisiera pedirte que diéramos un paso importante a nuestra amistad, quisiera saber si a ti, ¿te gustaría ser mi mejor amiga? Bodi me vio con ojos expectantes, sus palabras eran diferentes, quizás no me transmitieron la misma sensación de pánico o dulzura que la primera vez, pero sí podía sentir como sus emociones y lo que pensaba de mí era auténtico, y me hacía sentir amada y querida, aunque sea como una amiga, no, su mejor amiga, y eso bastaba para mí. Me puse de pie sin soltar sus patas y lo vi a los ojos ahora convencida y sin ningún miedo. —Sí Bodi, acepto, me gustaría ser tu no... ejem, no sólo tu amiga, sino, tu mejor amiga. —Darma... —Bodi... Lo solté de las patas y le di un gran y fuerte abrazo, donde no sólo sentí una liberación y una paz increíble, sino también la calidez de un chico que te quiere pura y noblemente. Estuvimos así unos segundos hasta que me liberé con pesadez de su agarre. —Y bien —dijo feliz y jovial como sólo él podía—, ¿qué quieres hacer ahora, nueva mejor amiga? —Primero, nuevo mejor amigo, prométeme que desde ahora, está prohibido decir \"nuevo mejor amiga\". Llámame por mi nombre y yo por el tuyo, ¿de acuerdo? —Hecho Darma. —Segundo, ya es tarde y tengo hambre, ¿por qué no vamos a comer algo? —¿A los fideos del señor Wu? —Me leíste la mente pero... rayos, olvidé mi cartera en mi casa, creo que... —¡No te preocupes! —el cachorro sacó un par de billetes de su bolsillo— tu mamá me dio mucho dinero. —¿Espera, qué? —Tomé sorprendida todo lo que le dio la loca de mi madre. No recuerdo que me hubiera dado tanto dinero, ni en mi cumpleaños— ¿Por qué te dio todo esto? —Además de las flores, me dio dinero para invitarte al cine, a comer, por unos helados y... no recuerdo lo último que me dijo, era algo de ir a dormir a un lado... —Bodi colocó una pata en su barbilla, pensativo—... no entendí bien, pero recuerdo que antes de ir ahí, primero debía comprar algo en la farmacia... ¿qué era lo que me dijo? —Chasqueó los dedos—. ¡Ya sé! Creo que dijo unos con... —¡Olvidalo Bodi! —reí entre nerviosa y molesta— Cielos, voy a matar a mamá cuando llegue a casa. —Tomé todos los billetes de la pata de Bodi—. Creo que bastará para pagar la comida, y tal vez unos helados, ¿te parece bien? —¡Claro Darma! —Pues en marcha. Caminamos junto rumbo al puesto de fideos, pero recordé algo. —Adelántate, enseguida te alcanzo. —Ok. Regresé corriendo a la banca a ver si no olvidaba nada, y en el asiento del parque, vi el pequeño ramillete que me dio Bodi. Lo observé y me quedé pensando por un minuto, aunque todo este asunto de la declaración no fue más que un malentendido muy soso, debo admitir que fue algo extraño y curioso, me hizo ver a todos, especialmente a Bodi, de otra manera. Si bien me sentía en paz y tranquila porque mi amistad con el mastín se mantuviera casi sin cambios, mentiría si no admitiera que mi corazón latió muy diferente con la primera declaración del cánido. Pese a mis miedos e inseguridades, o mi loca imaginación, fue algo bonito y que no creí haber sentido antes, me temo que en el raro caso que su declaración hubiera sido en verdad convertirme en algo más que su amiga... le hubiera terminado por dar un sí. Oh bueno, ¿pero qué se le va a hacer? Creo que el tiempo lo dirá. Pero por ahora, me preocuparé sólo por la música, mis viejos amigos y pasar un buen rato con Bodi, el chico que quiso ser más que mi amigo. Tomé dos flores del ramillete y me fui corriendo hacía donde estaba el can, dejando atrás el pequeño ramo. ~Fin Notas Finales: Eso es todo, así concluye esta historia. Me gustaría leer sus opiniones al respecto. De antemano sé que quizás a muchos no les gusté mucho el final, pero debo decir que el tema central de la historia fue siempre la comedia, lamento si no hay tanto amor o romance como esperaban, pero si algunos lo notaron desde el capítulo 2 y 3, había dos posibles desenlaces de la subtrama de ese momento 1. Que Darma dijera que no y le rompiera el corazón a Bodi o 2 Que ella aceptará, pero lo haría más por obligación. Ambas posibilidades me resultaban muy tristes, y aunque la opción 2 donde la chica reconoce sus sentimientos y se da cuenta que si ama al mastín parecía tentadora, me pareció demasiado romántica e irreal para mi gusto. Por eso, desde que comencé a redactar esta historia, el tema central para mí fue el de la \"declaración falsa\" o el malentendido, sin embargo debo hacerles notar que más que una historia de comedia o romance, siempre estuvo enfocada en el crecimiento personal de los protagonistas, espero que aunque Bodi y Darma no terminaron de \"manita sudada\" como la vulpina mencionó, se haya notado un progreso en su amistad, lo que considero yo, algo más realista que podría llevarlos a enamorarse en el futuro. ¿Y qué hay de Bodi? Bueno, eso se los dejo a su imaginación, al final de cuentas, él es muy inocente y puro para este podrido mundo, aunque eso de enamorar vulpinas se le dá natural, ¿no lo creen? El fic está más enfocado en el viaje en el camino que en el destino mismo, aún así espero que haya sido de su agrado y les haya gustado leerlo tanto como a mí escribirlo. Ahora que si no quedan conformes, espero que la historia haya inspirado a otros escribir algo más de este fandom. Uno de los objetivos de escribir este remedo de historia, fue el de motivar a quien lo lea como sucedió conmigo ¿Creen que algo le faltó a la película? ¡Escríbanlo! ¿La relación de Darma y Bodi da para más? ¡Redáctenlo y denle una oportunidad! ¿Creen que las malas mañas y hábitos de Angus pueden volverse una buena historia? ¡Sólo háganlo! O escriban sobre cualquier otro tema que les apasione, pero háganlo. Sé que este fandom está condenado a perecer, pero creo que aún puede dar un par de historias más. En cualquier caso, gracias por leerme, ahora, un pequeño espacio para agradecer a las personas que siguieron mi historia hasta ahora. Agradecimientos: Muchas gracias a todos y cada uno de los lectores que le dieron una oportunidad a mi historia, puede que no todos se hicieron notar, pero el número de visitas me dice que más de una persona leyó esta historia, así que, muchas gracias a todos. Aprovecho el espacio para reconocer en persona a quienes de una u otra forma se hicieron notar: Fanfiction Gracias a Pyro phoenix-bird por seguir mi historia y a PAX057 por dejarme un lindo review, muchas gracias también a Spring-Cat por hacer todo el paquete de seguir la historia, hacerla tu favorita y por si fuera poco, dejarme tus hermosos comentarios. ¡Muchas gracias de verdad! Wattpad Gracias a WorldreaderFans por pasarse a dejarme un voto, a keivick, Wilson Gutierrez por sus respectivos votos y colocar la historia en sus listas de lectura, a pinjjjjjj por volverse mi seguidor por esta historia y dejarme un par de estrellas y por último a quienes me han dejado amplios comentario, a Ferfytopia , A sistencias y a lobowattapd . Agradecimientos especiales: [Lobo] Nuestro administrador y carismático líder del grupo de WhatsApp: ZOOTOPIA Grupo oficial (zorro)(corazóndeadmiración)(conejo). Primero gracias por dejarme compartir mi fic en el grupo aunque no fuera un fic de Zootopia, por tu paciencia conmigo allá, y claro, por leer esta historia y hacérmelo saber personalmente. Puntos extras por ser el primero en comentar, créeme que significó mucho para mí saber que te gustó la historia, me alegraste la noche y fuiste una razón más para sentirme bien por compartir esta historia. Muchas gracias y espero que algún día experimentes esta misma sensación que yo siento como escritor. Ánimo, mucha suerte y de nuevo gracias, Comisario Lobo. Jorge Z. Gracias por leer mi historia y felicitarme personalmente por WhatsApp. Espero que más gente se anime a escribir historias de Rock Dog. Y suerte como colega fanficker también. TheGengar ALV Gracias por tus lindas palabras en el grupo de Zootopia, aunque no habías terminado de leerla, te gustó y te pareció interesante. Espero no haber decepcionado tus expectativas y que te haya parecido estupendo hasta el final. Spring-Cat Finalmente, muchísimas gracias por todo, te debo principalmente la inspiración para escribir todo esto, como recordaras, te comenté que tu fic de Sing me fascinó y una de las pequeñas cosas que me gustó fue la mención y las referencias que hiciste de Zootopia y Rock Dog, lo cual me hizo buscar historias de ese último fandom, y gracias a eso, me di cuenta de que no había casi nada (ni en inglés), siendo ese uno de los primero motivantes a hacerme escribir algo al respecto. Sé que no parece la gran cosas, pero creo firmemente que un pequeño detalle como ese, detonó mi interés y me hizo poner la mirada en este pequeño y frágil fandom para escribir y plasmar esta breve historia. De verdad, no tengo forma de agradecértelo todo. Y por si fuera poco, le diste una oportunidad a este remedo de historia y me dejaste unos hermosísimos comentarios. En serio, muchas, pero muchas gracias por todo. Indirectamente y sin intención, me diste la primera razón para escribir este monstruo, así que gracias por ello. Espero no sea mucho atrevimiento, pero te dedico esta historia , donde sea que estés y lo que sea que hagas, deseo que tengas mucho éxito en tus trabajos y proyectos futuros. Gracias. Trabajos futuros: Por desgracia amiguitos, no tengo contemplado más fics de Rock Dog por el momento. Distintos temas como la inocencia e ingenuidad de Bodi, así como la neurótica madre de Darma me da un par de ideas para una historia, incluso un Crossover con Sing y/o Zootopia me parece interesante, pero no tengo planeada nada en concreto, por lo que no esperen otro fic de Rock Dog de mi parte, al menos no en un futuro cercano. Mi cabeza está ocupada por 3 historias, todas pertenecientes a Zootopia, si también son fans de ese fandom, lean con gusto lo que tengo que decir, sino, sáltense esta sección. 1. Primera Vez. - Lemon de Judy y Nick. Voy un 70% trabajado, será un Two-Shot de estos dos, espero esté listo para antes del fin de mes. Será la primera vez que incursiono en este pecaminoso género. 2. Quiero intentar todo contigo.- Comedia romántica centrada en la pareja más rara de Zootopia, Finnick y Gazelle. Sé que nadie va a leerla, pero sigo trabajando con un miserable 13% Una vez alcanzado el 70% comenzaré a publicar este longfic. Espero estar listo entre Julio y Agosto. 3. Desventuras de un torpe zorro.- Secuela de mi anterior fanfic \"Torpe zorro\" que ahora se centrará en las locas aventuras vividas por Nick para graduarse de la academia de Policías de Zootopia hasta la ceremonia de graduación que se ve en la película. No he escrito nada, sólo llevo el primer capítulo y voy como en un 3~4% de este feo longfic. Sí recupero el ritmo y alcanzó el 70%, comenzaré a publicar entre Agosto y Septiembre. Bueno, creo que sería todo, pero, antes de despedirme, un pequeño aviso. La película de Rock Dog ya salió a la venta en EU y en mi país ya comenzó a distribuirse por la Google Store, les pido que a quienes tenga la posibilidad, adquieran la película. Sé que no es el mejor film del mundo, pero tuvo muy mala suerte al salir, desde retrasos de salida a rechazos en la misma China, a la película le fue muy mal y es casi un hecho que no habrá secuela; así que, si quieren aportar un poco a Rock Dog, consideren apoyar adquiriendo la película legalmente. También sé que es fácil encontrarla en Internet o verla en Youtube, pero quienes pueden conseguirla por vías oficiales, le harán gran favor a la compañía quetrajo la película y a la industria. Y ya, es todo, mi pequeño comercial. No recibí ningún centavo por esta publicidad por si se lo preguntaban. Hablando de cosas legales. Basura Legal: Esta historia es ficción, cualquier parecido con la realidad es mera coincidencia. La letra y las referencias musicales usadas en este fanfic, ' Another One Bites The Dust ' y ' Sheer Heart Attack ' pertenecen a la exitosa banda ingles, ' Queen ' y a sus respectivos dueños. Las piezas musicales fueron utilizadas sólo como armonización y sin ningún fin de lucro. Rock Dog pertenece a Mandoo Pictures , Huayi Brothers y sus respectivos dueños, la historia fue redactada por fines de entretenimiento y sin ningún lucro. Historia creada por su servidor, Janyo o Kirby_Hanyou. Todos los derechos (e izquierdos) reservados. Bien, ahora sí es todo, sin más que decir me despido. ¡Muchas gracias por leer esta loca historia! ¡Hasta la próxima y sigan siendo GLORIOSOS ! ","Summary":" Notas iniciales: ¡Hola a todos y bienvenidos a mi fanfic! En esta ocasión les presento una historia"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Taube In Tibet","Author":"Spleriia Emperor Splerii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12889118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As the sun started to shine from the horizon, Khampa was just standing outside of a house. While he was looking around his left and right sides, his son Bodi arrived while holding a cup of hot tea. 'Morning, Dad.' 'Ah. Morning, Son. Have you taken your breakfast already?' 'Yeah. I just finished eating with the others.' Khampa then notices the cup that he was holding. 'What's with the hot cup of tea?' 'I came here because I wanted to give it to you.' 'Really? Who made it?' 'I did.' 'Oh. Thanks, Son.' Bodi hands over the cup to his father. Khampa then took a few sips and the taste of the hot tea makes him smile a bit. 'That is a good cup of tea.' 'Yep. I also made some toast as well back at the house. Would you like for me to return back and bring some for you?' 'Don't overexert yourself, Bodi or else you might get too tired for your musical practice later.' 'Nah. Don't worry, Dad. I could still handle.' Khampa chuckled and he continued on drinking his tea but as he was going to finish drinking, a mysterious sound echoed from the distance. 'Wait. Did you hear that?' 'Hear what, Dad?' 'That sound. I think it's from the sky.' Bodi listened carefully and he too heard it. 'Yeah. I do.' The younger Tibetan mastiff perked his ears a bit and he looked toward the skies around himself. 'Can you see what is it?' 'Umm.' The other villagers then started to see something that was in the sky. Bodi searched for something in the air more closely and he saw it. 'Hey, Dad. Ain't that one causing the sound?' 'Where?' Bodi pointed his fingers towards the sky. Khampa looked up into the sky, towards to the direction of where Bodi was pointing at. As the sound went louder, the two mastiffs and the villagers could see a pair of small planes slowly flying over. The planes were shaped like a bird and they were colored yellow and white. As the planes circled around the village, the residents were coming out from their houses to witness the mysterious things flying in circles. 'What are those?' 'Looks like bird-like planes to me.' As the plane circled around for a few more minutes, one of them started to slow down and descent towards the grassy clearing away from the village. The other mastiff guards began to rally up towards it. 'Dad, I think it's coming down.' 'Let's find it out, Son.' Both Bodi and Khampa left the spot and went towards to the plane. ... The propeller engine began to quiet down as the plane was about to land on a spacious patch of grass not away from the said village. When the plane landed, the engine stopped and a pair of two Splenish pilots wearing Qing Dynasty-style Beiyang Army uniforms disembarked. 'I guess we're having an engine failure, Acher.' 'You should have told me earlier that this Etrich Taube hasn't been checked back at Splena, Renar!' 'Okay, Acher. Calm down. I'm sorry if I didn't told about the problem.' Acher sighed. 'Just contact the second plane that we're going to catch them up at Lhasa instead of Peking.' 'Alright.' Acher took out a knapsack while Renar operated the radio. 'Kalir, this is Renar. We have experienced an engine failure and we're forced to land in the field at the southwestern direction of your position. Be advised that we'll be delayed to reach Peking to conduct on-the-spot repair of our plane's engine.' 'Renar, this is Kalir. I copy that. We'll wait you in the rendezvous point at Lhasa. Stand by for ETA.' Renar sighed. 'Acknowledged.' He then switched the radio off and faces to his brother. 'I already contacted Splero's son.' 'Good. For the meantime, I'm going to hoist this flag.' 'Are you sure about it?' 'Don't worry about it.' Acher then unfurled the flag from his knapsack. He took a long piece of wood that was on the ground and Acher tied on it before planting the flag onto the ground. The breeze make the Splenish Imperial flag flutter. 'There we go. If there would be anyone who might spot us, at least they know that we're not one of them.' 'I guess so.' Renar then turned his head to one side and he could see a group of Tibetan mastiffs closing towards the plane. 'Hey, Acher.' 'What?' 'Are we armed or what?' 'We're armed with nothing more than our ancient Mauser C-96 pistols in our holsters. Why?' 'We got company.' Acher turned around and he saw the mastiffs closing. 'Oh dear.'[Chapter 2] As the mastiffs approached towards them, both of the Splenish shapeshifters prepared their only handguns that were inside their holsters. A line of Tibetan mastiffs and goat villagers stood their ground just a few meters away from them. Renar placed his shaking hand over his leather holster while Acher held his ground near to the flag that he just planted on the dirt. 'What is this?' Emerging from the crowd, both Khampa and Bodi appeared. Renar prepared his loaded Mauser C-96 but Acher did not. The line of Tibetan mastiffs prepared their defense by changing their postures for combat. Before the canine guards could begin in launching their deadly Mastiff Paws, Khampa hollered to his men. 'Hold your paws!' The other guards heeded the word yet they kept themselves alert. 'Who are you guys?' Acher removed his hand from his holster. 'We're both foreign shapeshifters from the Great Splenish Empire. We mean no harm.' Khampa checked both Acher and Renar from a few feet away. He then noticed Renar still pointing his handgun at him. 'What are you pointing at me, huh?' Acher looked at Renar and he nudges him with his shoulder. 'Renar, lower your sidearm.' 'N-No, man. I wouldn't do that if I were you.' 'Renar. Lower down that handgun you're holding. Now.' 'But, B-Brother...' 'I said it now, Renar!' Acher's younger brother slowly lowered down his handgun and he kept away on his own holster. 'That's more like it.' The older Splenish pilot cleared his throat as he faces to Khampa. 'I'm sorry about that. You might though that we're threats to you and for the villagers but we're both not like that.' 'I see. What are your names?' 'My name is Acher and this is my brother Renar. Like what I said, we're both foreign shapeshifters from the Great Splenish Empire.' 'Great Splenish Empire?' Khampa looked back and he could see his son Bodi approaching towards them by a few steps. 'Bodi, let me handle them.' 'Handle them? Dad, they mean no harm.' 'I know but I have a feeling that they might be lyi...' Renar then looked at Bodi and he went gobsmacked. 'Wait. Aren't you the one named Bodi?' 'Umm...Yeah. I'm the one. Why?' 'Dear God! You're Crown Prince Kalir's idol!' 'Hmm?' Acher sighed. 'He's right. Our Crown Prince idolized him because of his musical fame but in fact, we're both his so-called Regent-Majordomos.' 'I-I see.' Khampa cuts them all as confusion drowned him. 'Hold on, everyone! I don't understand this at all! What are you two doing here in the first place?' 'Oh. It's simple. We're on our flight on route to Lhasa and Peking but our plane suffered a problem so we're been forced to land here and wait for the others.' 'Others', you said?' 'Yes but don't worry about them. They also mean no harm.' 'Are you sure? If you're lying, I won't have second thoughts in dealing with you and your partner from this village.' 'I swear indeed. Honestly.' 'If we're both lying for now, consider us getting killed or anything if you and your villagers wished.' A short silenced followed before the older Tibetan Mastiff replied. 'Very well.' Khampa sighed and he faces to the crowd. 'Alright, men. These foreigners were not intruders. They are our guests.' The other mastiffs and goats lowered their guard. Acher sighed a bit as he secured the straps of his holster before glancing at his brother. 'Way to go with that one, Renar.' Renar remain silent. Khampa then looked at them. 'Please follow us towards the village.' 'Alright. Get your gear, brother. I think these villagers grants us their hospitality.' 'Okay, Acher.' Renar then took his knapsack while Acher took his and the two followed Khampa and Bodi towards the village. The flag was still fluttering near the grounded Etrich Taube. While the group walked towards the village, Bodi whispered to his father. 'What are these two, Dad?' 'I don't know but I guess we should 'detain' here for a bit just to be sure.' 'Are you sure about that?' 'I hope so.' Bodi then placed his guitar onto his back. 'I wonder if those two were telling the truth about what they had just said.' 'Like what?' 'Like what they say that their so-called Crown Prince totally idolized me for my fame with the band.' 'I'm not sure about that but if we could know more about them, then we will know the truth.' 'I guess so, Dad.' 'Right then.' The mastiffs continued on as they escorted Acher and Renar back. ... Somewhere in Lhasa, a second Taube from earlier had finally arrived at the designated airport. As the old pre-World War One German-built monoplane was being parked near to the hangar, Kalir disembarked. 'Dad, both Acher and Renar landed in a grassy region near to the mountains not far from here.' 'I know, Son. You already told me that 4 minutes ago.' 'Oh. Sorry.' Kalir's father, Emperor Spleriia Splero, disembarked from his plane that he brought from China. On his hand was a large briefcase. 'Why Renar haven't checked the engines from earlier back at Splena?' 'They were in a hurry in packing up the relics that you requested.' 'I did?' 'Yeah.' 'Oops.' Splero groaned. 'Why would I be so careless?' His Akita wolf-dog heir patted his back. 'Don't blame yourself too much, Dad. People always make mistakes.' 'Yeah. I forgot about that. Thanks for saying that, Son.' Kalir smiled. 'Anyway, what is our mission again here?' 'First, we're going to deliver the Tibetan national flag to the Potala Palace. Second, we're heading to Peking so that we could deliver the flag of the Qing Dynasty to a museum near to the Forbidden City.' 'What a fascinating mission there, Dad.' 'Yep. I been planning this ever since I proclaim myself as the Emperor.' He then hands over the briefcase to Kalir. 'Here. Take this for a while. We're going to make a quick stop here.' 'Wait. What about Acher and Renar?' 'Don't worry about them. We'll send them some emergency supplies after we complete something here in the Tibetan capital.' 'Okay then.' Both the Splenish human monarch and his canine son departed from the hangar.[Chapter 3] As both Acher and Renar was being escorted by Khampa's men towards the village, the other villagers that remained inside were starting to come out from their respective houses so that they could see the new foreigners that had just arrived at their very homestead. 'Acher.' 'What?' 'There's a lot of goats in here.' 'I think they were the villagers alright, brother.' 'Ah.' After walking through a few blocks, the two Splenish pilots arrived at Khampa's very house. There, the group of Tibetan Mastiffs stood by in complete readiness. Both Khampa and his son looked at the two humans before them. 'Please put down your bags and have a sit on the grass.' Both Acher and Renar placed their knapsacks on the grass before they sat down on the ground. Khampa was still looking at them both. 'Our villagers were still thinking that you two were foreign guests of deep suspicion. Can you tell us of your business?' 'Sure thing, Sir.' 'The name is Khampa and the one beside me is my son Bodi. You guys might know him from earlier, right?' 'Uhh...Yeah. T-That's true, Sir Khampa.' 'Right then.' Acher cleared his throat. 'Our main business that I been up to with my brother here is to deliver some important relics to Lhasa and Peking. It was originally a simple task since we're going to bring something of unremarkable value to the museums located in these capital cities.' 'I see.' Bodi smiled a bit as he was taken an interest on what they had said to his father. 'What kind of relics that you guys were tasked to deliver?' 'The flags of Tibet and the Qing Dynasty.' 'Whoa. Now that's remarkable.' 'Yep.' Khampa rubbed his chest a bit with his paws with a relief-like smile. 'Now I could finally verify that you two ain't intruders or persons of suspicion. It's fair for me to say at least that both of you seemed to be doing something a bit ordinary.' 'Yeah. I guess so.' Acher chuckled a bit. Bodi knelt down near to Renar. 'So you guys were my fans?' 'Indeed. In fact, we been listening to your songs for long time now.' 'Yeah. Even the Crown Prince himself.' 'I see.' Khampa coughed a bit as he tighten his shirt a bit. 'Who is this Crown Prince that you guys talking about to my son? What does he looked like?' 'He looked like a simple canine to some but with power invested in him.' Renar then took his knapsack and he grabbed a newspaper clip before giving it to Khampa. The older mastiff took the clip and he could see a picture of Crown Prince Kalir posing near to a podium as if he was doing a public speech. Also in the background was his father. 'Ah, I see.' 'Whoa! I never thought that he could be powerful that anyone else.' 'That's not entirely true.' 'Why not?' 'Because he's not the incumbent Emperor that I would say. The real power was invested by his father.' 'His father? You mean this male human dressed in his regalia that was standing near to the podium was the one?' 'Yep.' 'Oh. I thought he was the incumbent taking hold on that position. What is his name?' 'The name of our current monarch that we're serving to was by the name of Splero Kerano but the world often refers him by his reign name called Spleriia.' 'Now that's a fairly tongue-twisting name.' 'Well. Not quite for some, though.' Bodi took the newspaper clip from his father and he took a look at it. The young mastiff looked at the picture for a few seconds before he gave it back to Acher. 'We hope that the others would arrive here to help us in repairing the engine so that we could continue on our quest.' 'Does that quest important to both of you?' 'Not only for us but also for the very Empire itself.' 'Yeah. Our Emperor been planning to perform his first active overseas duties here in Tibet and China for a very long time now.' 'I understand.' Renar tapped Acher's shoulder. 'Hey, Acher. Not only we should focus on our mission to deliver the flags to Lhasa and Peking but we could also explore around this village.' 'You think so, Renar?' 'Yeah! I mean look at this place, brother. It's so calm and spacious. Surely, the Emperor and the Crown Prince would love to visit this place.' 'I-I guess.' Acher then looked at Khampa. 'Well, Sir Khampa. Can we ask your permission to allo...' 'Sure thing.' 'Huh?' 'I would like to introduce to you and your partner more about this very village and its residents if that is what you wanted to ask.' 'Oh. Y-Yes, Sir! Thanks, by the way. We're glad t-to!' Khampa nodded and he stood up. 'Come on, Bodi. Care to help me in sharing something for these two men? I know that you ventured these streets for quite a long time ago.' 'Sure thing, Dad.' Bodi stood up and followed close to his father. 'Alright, guys. Please follow us. We'll tell you both more about this place as we venture deep here and there.' 'Thanks, Rockstar Bodi.' The young and skilled mastiff guitarist was a bit surprised to hear that from Renar but he smiled back nonetheless.[Chapter 4] Inside the walls of a studio that was located away from Snow Mountain, Angus was eating some noodles and dumplings along with Darma and Germur. 'This tastes so good, guys. I never believe that these food were great for takeouts.' 'They were, man. We simply loved it so much. We even love eating the noodles when there was a storm or a cold weather.' The vixen giggled. 'You said it all, dude!' Angus took a few more bites on his dumplings that was wedged on his pair of chopsticks. Ozzie then arrived with a phone holding in his mechanical arms. The male Persian cat then noticed the robotic butler. 'A call for me, Ozzie?' The robot responded by nodding its monitor-like head in reply. 'Alright. Thanks.' Angus took the phone from Ozzie. He then took the call while Germur and Darma kept on eating. 'Hello?' 'Hey there, Angus. It's me - Bodi.' 'Oh. Heya there, mutt. How are ya in there? Still doing some guitar practice with your blue magical powers?' 'I tried but there's something else.' 'Really?' Angus elevated his legs a bit as he sat back to his chair. 'What is it then?' Bodi cleared his throat a bit. 'I have some 'special' guests in my village, Angus.' 'Guests?' Darma perked up. 'Fans, I think?' 'I guess so.' 'No, Angus. Not only fans of mine but they were also the village's special guests. They came here by plane.' 'I see.' 'Yep. My father and his minions thought that they were suspicious intruders but apparently, they were just mere visitors. They were heading to the capital's airport but their plane broke down and I think that the two would be staying at my place for now.' 'That's quite fascinating, Bodi.' 'Really? If you guys wanted to meet them, just head to Snow Mountain if you guys wanted to. I'm sure they were be thrilled when they saw you all, guys.' 'Hang on, mutt.' Angus looked at Darma and Germur. 'Bodi said that there were two special visitors at his place. Probably fans to him or to the band. Want to go there and pay them a visit?' 'Sure thing, man.' 'We like to, Angus. Besides, I wanted to visit Snow Mountain all the time.' 'Alright then.' The Persian cat cleared his throat. 'Okay, dude. We're heading there now. Let's hope that the guests would be thrilled to us coming.' 'Oh. They will sure do, Angus. Anyway, I'm going off now. Bye!' 'Bye!' The call ended and Angus places the phone on the desk. 'Do you guys finished on eating?' 'We're almost done eating. How bout yours?' The feline then noticed his partly consumed meal that was just on the table. 'Umm. Not yet, girl. I'll finish it up fast. After that, I'm going to prepare for the trip.' 'Alright then. Just don't eat it too fast, though. You might get choked to oblivion.' Both Darma and Germur laughed while Angus ignored their teases. ... Back at Snow Mountain, Acher and Renar were both exploring the entire village and its infrastructure as they were toured by Khampa, Bodi and a few other villagers and guards. 'The place is still standing until today. Even though time passes on, the entire village remained on its glorious state.' 'Whoa! This village reminds me of Yad Dili Lidi.' Bodi plastered a curious look on his face and he looked at Renar. 'Yad Dili...What?' 'He said 'Yad Dili Lidi', Bodi.' 'What's that?' 'That's the capital of our Empire where we lived in. Its infrastructure was like the same just as this one but with a few changes, though.' 'That place sure is interesting, man.' 'It was. If you saw the capital city, you would though that the place looked like Peking from 1911 because of the architecture of its standing buildings.' Khampa looked back. 'Ain't that a Oriental city?' 'Not much but our Emperor wanted our capital to look like one, though.' 'I'm guessing that your Emperor that you been speaking was of Asian descent.' 'He really was, Mr. Khampa.' 'Really?' 'Yep. He was even a descendant to the Qing.' 'Qing? You mean the Manchus?' 'Yeah. That one.' 'I see.' After walking through for a few blocks, the entourage arrived near to a forest clearing. 'That area there was the gateway to the urban life. Bodi went through those paths when he was longing to be a musician in the city long ago.' Bodi chuckled. 'I could still remember that, Dad.' The elder mastiff sighed. 'Not a few villagers manage to travel through there.' 'Why not? Is there's someone lost there already?' 'N-No. Not because of that. It's because of our villagers' cultural awareness. Only a few manage to go through that clearing on route to urban. Bodi is one of them.' Both Acher and Renar kept on looking at the forest clearing. 'Does the path took a long and winding trail towards the city?' 'I don't know. I rarely go out to that place.' Khampa then looked at his son. 'Bodi. When you went to the city by taking this path, is the trail a bit long or short.' 'It was fairly long but there were so rest stops.' 'Okay then.' Bodi looked towards the forest clearing. 'Until now, I could still remember my crossing there.' 'Wow. Such memories there, dude!' The young Tibetan mastiff chuckled. Khampa then turned around and started to walk back. 'Okay, guys. Let's return back to the village. I think Fleetwood Yak prepared some refreshments for us all.' The entourage retraced their steps and went back to the village.[Chapter 5] Inside one of the stone houses, Fleetwood Yak and a few other sheep villagers were preparing some tea, rice and some piping hot soup for today's lunch. 'Are you done with that china kettle, guys?' 'We're almost done in making some tea for lunchtime, Mr. Fleetwood. Just a few more minutes and it's now ready.' With a smile, Fleetwood prepared the chinaware and other utensils. As he and his assistants helped each other, Khampa and Bodi arrived by the doorway. 'Hey there, Fleetwood. Cooking something?' The elder yak chuckled. 'I'm been cooking something that you and your son loved.' He then turned to face him. Khampa rubbed his paws a bit. 'Fleetwood, there's somebody that I wanted you to meet. They were already here in the village.' 'I see. Who were they?' Khampa steps aside and he introduced both Acher and Renar whom were standing outside. 'Meet Acher and Renar. Both of them were human foreign pilots flying to Lhasa and Beijing for an important quest but they ended up landing here instead.' Fleetwood chuckled. 'Well. Nice to meet you all! My name is Fleetwood Yak and welcome to Snow Mountain.' Both Acher and Renar bowed their heads deeply. 'It's an honor to meet you, Mr. Fleetwood.' The elder yak smiled a bit. 'Please come in, everyone. Lunch is about to be served shortly.' Khampa, Bodi and the two Splenish pilots entered inside the spacious house while the china kettle of piping hot tea and some wicker steam baskets of dumplings were being placed on the table by the other villagers helping Fleetwood Yak. As the entourage sat down, Fleetwood looked at them as he lowered down a steam basket. 'What brings you both here in our mountain village?' 'Oh. We're flying for Lhasa and Beijing to deliver some historical artifacts that our Emperor requested to us. Unfortunately, our plane suffered an engine failure so we decided to stay here for the time being.' 'Ah. I see.' Bodi scratched the side of his face. 'There were going to be more visitors to this village later, Mr. Fleet. They said that they were going to arrive here soon so that they could repair the engine of their so-called Taube or something.' Renar nodded. 'I don't know about that, Bodi. I'm not sure when will the Emperor and his son would arrive to help us, though.' Khampa places his paws on the wooden surface of the table. 'Maybe you should wait for them here a bit longer.' 'I guess so.' Fleetwood then hands Khampa and Bodi the china kettle and a few tea cups. A few other sheep gave Acher and Renar tea cups as well. As the mastiffs poured some tea on their cups, they passed it to the two Splenish guests. When both of them poured some and took a few sips, the taste makes them smile and refreshed. 'Delicious!' 'Yeah. It tasted like the same tea that we loved back at Splena!' 'It's green tea, guys.' 'I know, right?' Bodi chuckled. 'You looked so hyped up with just a few sips of tea, dude.' 'Oh. I forgot to tell you something, Bodi.' 'What is it?' 'I'm an avid tea drinker.' Khampa finishes off his tea cup before he questioned Renar. 'You are?' 'Yes, Mr. Khampa. We Splenish love tea very much like what the Chinese would normally do from the past.' The elder mastiff smirked slightly. 'What would we say more? We always drink tea in here and there.' 'That's great!' Acher tapped his shoulder. 'Whoa there, brother. Calm your senses! I noticed that your Qi is ramping up much.' Renar chuckled with a tone of embarrassment on his voice. 'M-My bad.' Fleetwood laughed as he sat down and prepared his own tea drink. Bodi took a steamed dumpling from the wicker basket and Khampa took one as well. 'I have a question with you, Acher.' 'Sure. Go ahead, Khampa.' 'Why would your Emperor ordered you and your brother to deliver the artifacts to Lhasa and Beijing?' 'The reason why is because he was planning to ramp up Chinese culture a bit. He was a strong supporter of Asian culture and he first started on supporting it so that he could gain more spheres of influence with other interna...' Before he could finish, Renar nudged him by the shoulder. He then whispered to him. 'Acher, don't spill the beans too much. That's an act of breaking the Splenish COC.' 'But I'm just telling to Khampa of why we're doing the task ordered by the Emperor.' 'Just make it low, man. You almost make their opinions go sou...' Khampa cleared his throat. Both Acher and Renar silenced themselves. 'Is something wrong?' 'Err...N-No. Not at all, Mr. Khampa. Anyway, the reason why were on route to Lhasa and Beijing is because the Emperor wanted to sent the relics to its respective places. In the Potala Palace and the Forbidden City, I mean.' 'I see.' Bodi enjoyed on devouring the dumpling that he was holding. ","Summary":" As the sun started to shine from the horizon, Khampa was just standing outside of a house. While he"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft 2 Nancy's Journey","Author":"Doc Ostrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8513670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Craft 2: Nancy's Journey (I originally wrote this as an IMDB post to create a sequel to The Craft. am_buglet_82 recommended putting it on Fan Fiction. Three people liked my story but said it didn't have enough action. In my original story, Nancy did the spell to reverse her age. I changed it for this website so that an evil group of men seeking the power of Manon performed the dark magic spell. Aleister Crowley and George Cecil Jones left The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn to form A∴A∴, a new magical order that, by the 20th century, had an offshoot that became evil. The Ipsissimus is the leader of such a cult.) Nancy Downs was strapped to her bed in the mental hospital as Nurse Scott injected her with a tranquilizer. She had been scratching her face and yelling \"I can fly!\", which none of the staff believed. Yes, Nancy could fly, before she lost her powers and became insane. Sarah Bailey used a spell to prevent Nancy from doing evil: \"I bind you Nancy from doing harm, harm against other people and harm against yourself.\" Yet, there was still some of the power of Manon trapped inside her, although she had no access to those powers because \"He says you've abused what he's given you and now you're gonna have to pay the price.\" A Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infection developed in one of those scratches and wasn't noticed quickly enough by the bored hospital staff. Nurse Scott observed that the scratches had become inflamed. She quickly went to Doctor Strong and said, \"I'm afraid we may have a MRSA infection in Nancy Downs face. We need to collect a sample to determine the type of bacteria\". Doctor Strong said, \"I'll go to her locked room right now. I've seen MRSA before and recognize it. Yes, we will take a sample but if it is severe, we will need to take her to a hospital immediately.\" When the doctor reached her room, he recognized the disease immediately. The Mental Institution staff unstrapped Nancy from her bed and strapped her on a collapsible gurney. She was wheeled to the ambulance and taken to the hospital emergency room. At the EMS, Doctor Heuer diagnosed the disease as necrotizing fasciitis (flesh-eating bacteria). He recommended some surgery but also maggot therapy. Doctor Strong was a bit shocked but when Doctor Heuer explained maggot debridement therapy (MDT) as a method of removing necrotic tissue without damaging living tissue, he approved the treatment. Doctor Heuer said \"The maggots eat only dead tissues, and do not injure living tissue. Of course, it will be necessary for Miss Downs to be tranquilized during the treatment.\" The surgery and maggot therapy left Nancy with a deformed face. During her years in the padded cell, she had no access to mirrors. She couldn't see the effects of surgery, age, and a lack of exercise. She was often in a straightjacket or strapped to her bed and medicated. After many years of therapy, prescribed anti-psychotic drugs, and electro-shock, Nancy made a recovery. She was not completely normal because then she wouldn't be Nancy. As she gradually re-gained her sanity, she became aware of the surgery and the loss of her youth. This depressed her and the doctors prescribed anti-depressants. When Nancy is finally cured of her mental illness (and pretends that she doesn't believe that witchcraft is real), she leaves the hospital with a scarf over her face and is deeply depressed. Her mother died of lung cancer so she inherited what was left of the $175,000 (about $10,000). She will have to get a job soon to pay the rent and eat. To get her mind off the situation, she goes into a Goth rock club but to her surprise they aren't playing 90's Goth, but 80's Goth (Bauhaus, Joy Division, Siouxsie and the Banshees, etc.). When she enters the club, she says \"Did I just go back in a time machine?\" They are playing songs like Shadowplay and She's in Parties. A stranger introduced himself as Mr. Schreck and said, \"Miss Downs, I heard about your terrible affliction at the asylum. Might I propose to heal you by reversing your age using witchcraft?\" Nancy is a bit shocked by his strange appearance, by his mention of witchcraft (How did he know...?), and by his offer to help her. She is desperate, however, and pleads for his help. Nancy, \"Can you really do that? I mean, it wouldn't just be a glamour, would it?\" Mr. Schreck, \"I am a leader of the Argenteum Astrum, a magical order originally founded by Aleister Crowley about 100 years ago. We have made great progress in the last century and have discovered a way to reverse aging.\" Nancy, \"So, I would get younger and my disfigured face would be like it was before I entered the asylum?\" Mr. Schrek, \"Yes.\" Nancy, \"Thank you so much! I would be so much in your debt!\" Mr. Schrek, \"Oh, don't worry, the spell will not cost you any money.\" Nancy and Mr. Schrek are joined by a few other Goths and drive to a remote house in the country. The dirt road to the house is a long way from the highway. It is springtime- new leaves are on the trees and flowers are blooming but she doesn't have time for a walk in the woods because the sun is setting. The house is dark, lit only by candlelight. That night, they indulge in dark magic and Nancy looses consciousness during the ceremony. The next morning, she wakes up, looks in the mirror and her scars and disfigurement are gone! She looks like she did before she entered the hospital! Her cell phone has a GPS function so she jots down the coordinates in case she needs to find the house again. These guys can do some great magic! Overjoyed, she puts her clothes on and rushes out to thank them. Only Mr. Schreck was present but she thanks him and gives him a hug. He offers to drive her back to town and when they leave the house, she notices to her bewilderment that the new leaves and flowers are all wilted. They haven't turned brown yet, but they seem dead. She turns to him and he says \"Well, we had to extract life from something.\" This gives her a slight chill but her mind is on her rejuvenation so she easily accepts the consequences for the surrounding nature. Back in town, Nancy parties and gets a job in a magic shop. Most of her attempts at magic failed, probably because either Manon left her body or Sarah bound her powers. Another thought briefly entered her mind- did the black magic ceremony somehow weaken her powers? She did have one success- her spirit could leave her body and wander for an hour or so in a dream-like state. Oh well, at least she was young again. Gradually, she begins to notice that her age continues to decrease. She becomes alarmed and visits the Goth club again, looking for Mr. Schreck. He's not there. She looks up the GPS coordinates on a map and the dirt road doesn't show so she takes a bus to a stop as close to the house as she can get. She records the GPS position of the bus stop and starts her long walk through the forest. It is fall now and the leaves turn brilliant hues. As she gets closer to the house, she notices that the leaves get browner until the branches are bare. There are animal corpses with maggots and flies. She sees a sick dog stumbling down the path. Wait, it's not sick, it's undead! Maggots crawl out of an eye socket and the rib bones are exposed. Nancy is beginning to freak out. She reaches the house and knocks on the door. One of the Goths she rode with on her first visit opens the door and smiles, saying \"Please come in\". There is something scary about his smile. Mr. Jones, \"Would you like to meet the Master?\" Nancy replies \"The Master?\" Mr. Jones, \"Yes, Ipsissimus Schreck is our Master and we all benefit from his patronage.\" Nancy thought \"What's Ipissimus- his first name?\" Nancy: \"Yes, I need to see him. I'm still getting younger. The spell hasn't stopped. I'm worried that it might never stop.\" He gives a knowing smile and says \"This way.\" They enter a dark room. A woman is sitting in a stuffed chair in front of a fireplace on the opposite wall. As they approach her, the woman's face seems vaguely familiar to Nancy. Mr. Jones, \"Master, Nancy has come to visit us.\" Nancy's mouth drops in shock and confusion. Mr. Shreck, \"Ah, Nancy. I was wondering when you might visit us again. The initial spell might have been too strong. The magic was very complex. We will need to study the effects for a few days to halt the spell. Please take Nancy to our guest room.\" Nancy was shown to the room, closed the door behind her, and locked it. They were hiding something from her- she could feel it. It was odd that there were no mirrors in the room, or for that fact, in every part of the house she had seen. She immediately did the spell to free her spirit from her body. In a dreamlike state, she wandered from room to room like a ghost. They were not in the room with the fireplace. She finally found them in the large room where the black magic ceremony was performed. Mr. Jones, \"I don't understand. To collect the residue of Manon from her body why can't you just eat her?\" Mr. Schreck, \"That will not work. I must absorb her in my body through The Unbirth.\" Nancy's dream turned into an absolute nightmare. In terror, her spirit fled the house into the dead forest. No! She must find her body! Because most of the leaves had fallen from the trees, she could see the house. Entering from the outside, she had to roam until she found her room. She woke up inhaling a deep breath with terror in her eyes. Nancy, \"I must leave tonight!\" She went to the window and found locked shutters on the outside. Of course they would guard the front door and lock every other exit. She sneaked out of the room and found a stairway to the attic. The windows at the eaves were also secured but they made one mistake. It was an old house where a roof leak had rotted the wood. Using a crowbar she found in the attic, she broke through the damp sheathing to the roof, hardly making a sound as the wood crumbled. A tree near the house had a limb about two feet above the roof, giving her an escape path. A full moon lit her way as she fled in terror. Did the wind make shadows move or were the shadows something undead? By dawn, she had reached the normal forest of splendid fall colors. She cried in relief. She trudged her way to the bus stop and slept on the bus. She had paid her way to the city so the driver woke her up at her stop. When she got to her apartment, she went to the bathroom and... OMG! In the mirror, she looked 14 years old! Somehow, visiting the house accelerated the spell. Their evil plan was to imprison her in the house until she passed backwards through puberty to childhood, to a baby, and then to The Unbirth! She had to see Bonnie and Rochelle immediately to cast a counter spell! She consults with Bonnie and Rochelle (who are shocked) but the truth is that they never had much power to begin with and now have none. Both are married and have children, settled into suburban life. They now think of witchcraft as an embarrassing phase from their youth, almost conveniently forgotten. They tell Nancy that only Sarah retained her power. When Nancy leaves, they talk about how they can hide the truth of their past from their husbands and children if Nancy persists in visiting. Nancy becomes truly alarmed when she passes through puberty and becomes a girl. Out of desperation, she visits the only witch who might be able to help her- Sarah. Sarah's doorbell rings and, upon opening the door, she sees a tearful girl who says \"Sarah, I know I have no right to ask, but I need your help. I'm Nancy Downs. A spell was performed on me to reverse my age but I can't stop it. Please, I have no one else to turn to.\" Sarah is speechless but after a pause, she said \"Come in\". Sarah asked Nancy exactly how she did the spell. Nancy then told Sarah what really happened. In the years that Nancy was institutionalized, Sarah had become a powerful and knowledgeable witch, learning much about The Craft and wisdom from Lirio. She only does \"white magic\" and it becomes apparent that the Ipsissimus Schreck dabbled in \"black magic\" to do the spell. Sarah consults with a local coven (Sarah is a solitary witch) and after some research, a counter spell is planned. Sarah, Nancy, and the coven go back to the house where the spell was performed. They reverse Nancy's age and suck the life out of the evil men to restore the forest. By this time, Nancy was only 5 years old, so the spell came just in time. Nancy gradually grows older, living in Sarah's house almost like a daughter. It is a stable and loving environment, unlike Nancy's first childhood. Lirio often visits. Nancy visited the grave of Chris Hooker and apologized. Chris was an egocentric bastard but he didn't deserve to be killed. \"Strange Kind of Love\" by Peter Murphy is playing on her iPad. When Nancy finally returns to her true age (in about a year) she has a different outlook on life, although she still has a persistent curiosity and desire to perform magic beyond her knowledge and wisdom. Her adventure did have some benefits, as she was free of scars, both physical and mental. ","Summary":" The Craft 2: Nancy's Journey (I originally wrote this as an IMDB post to create a sequel to The Cra"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft: Ressurection","Author":"Twilightroxas7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11883356","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was 5 years since she bind Nancy from her dark powers, graduated, and moved out. After settling in her new place she felt very sick to her stomach, and was confuse of the sickness till she went to the hospital a few days later realizing she was pregnant. She was afraid, and how this was possible despite she never dated anyone, but he didn't care, and love the baby growing in her. She was already prepared after getting the baby's room settle. 9 months later Sarah was going into labor while having a appointment for a ultrasound to see her unborn child. Doctor Siam told her to push as she was in more pain, and breathing heavily. The lights in the room started to flicker out of control due to Sarah's powers, and she let out one final scream to the point she heard a newborn baby crying. Doctor Siam told her it was a baby girl as Sarah look at her, and the nurse clean the baby girl, and wrap her in a pink blanket, and hand her to Sarah. Sarah was having tears of joy holding her baby girl in her arms knowing she is beautiful with the same hair color like her, and welcomes her with a kiss in the forehead as her newborn baby. Doctor Siam asked Sarah of what she wants to name her baby, and Sarah smile knowing the perfect name for her. \"Scarlet. Scarlet Bailey.\" Sarah said happily as Scarlet stop crying, and rested in her arms. Author's notes. This fanfic sequel is to honor The Craft's 20th anniversary. Please leave a review & fav & follow. ","Summary":" It was 5 years since she bind Nancy from her dark powers, graduated, and moved out. After settling "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"screw it","Author":"nyx372040","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2966397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Holdingnall the pain inside Feelingnlike I'm left behind Screw mynlife and let me die Let tellnthis world goodbye Screw thenpeople who made me mad Screw thenfamily who made me sad ","Summary":" Holdingnall the pain inside Feelingnlike I'm left behind Screw mynlife and let me die Let tellnthis"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft 3 months later","Author":"13Wytch13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13136184","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Craft: Part 2 This takes place 3 months after the Stand off between Nancy and Sarah, School is about to go back after Summer Break. CHAPTER ONE New Term Its Sunday evening, 2 Girls are excitedly talking about returning to school. Bonnie is laying on her belly, admiring her scar free body, wearing shorts and singlet, while she chats to her best friend, Rochelle. Bonnie: \"I can't WAIT to get back to School... I kinda miss having something to do.\" Rochelle: \"yeah... I guess...\" Bonnie notices Rochelle's distant voice, Bonnie sits up, as though to concentrate better... Bonnie: \"Rochelle, you don't sound...Enthusiastic...why?\" Rochelle: \"Well...She'll be there...Y'know,...Sarah\" Bonnie: \"Ah, Yeah...Well...We DON'T have to hang with her...\" Bonnie was kind of looking forward to seeing Sarah, She wanted to make amends with her. Rochelle: \"Ha! Knowing our luck, She'll be in MOST of our classes...\" Rochelle looks at her reflection, remembering the last two interactions with Sarah. Rochelle shivers and wipes away a tear that threatened to escape her eye. Bonnie: \"I'm sure everything will be fine... Hey...Did you Go see Nancy?\" Neither girl had seen Nancy,since she'd threatened to slit Rochelle's throat. All they knew was that she'd been carted off to the local Mental Hospital. Grace Downs, Nancy's Mom, Had been to see her Daughter Once a week, and Once a Month, If she saw Bonnie or Rochelle, she would give them updates on Nancy's status. Bonnie decided to wind up the conversation and get ready for bed. Bonnie: \"Well, I guess we should get off the phone and go to Sleep...I hate the EARLY Starts.\" Rochelle: \"haha Yeah. I gotta admit though, I can't wait to get back in that pool! I... I wonder if Laura will be coming back to St Bennys?\" Laura Lizzy was Rochelle's tormentor, She was Racist to Rochelle and Rochelle hated it. She had never done wrong by Lizzy, She never understood why Laura hated her. Bonnie: \"I dunno...Didn't she get Hair Transplants or something like that?\" Rochelle remembered the Spell Sarah had done on Laura... Rochelle: \"I heard that, But I don't know for sure\" Bonnie: \"Hmmm Well...See ya tomorrow, ok?\" Rochelle: \"Yeah...See ya then\". They hang up. Rochelle sits quietly, wondering just WHAT will tomorrow bring? Will She see Laura? Will Laura try being her new \"BFF\"? Will she have classes with Sarah and would she have to watch her back? Rochelle shrugged and turned her light off...She sighed as she closed her eyes and fell into a deep sleep. On the other side of town, in a Big Spanish style house, Sarah paced back and forth across her bedroom floor, clutching a hot cup of pepermint tea. She stopped and looked at the New St Benedict uniform hanging up on the closet door. She cringed. She Wanted to...yet DIDN'T want to return to School. She Wanted to, so she could keep busy. Maybe make new friends, maybe a Boyfriend. STRICTLY MAGICK FREE. She was however worried about seeing Rochelle and Bonnie. They didn't exactly end on the Best of terms...Sarah cringed at the memory of how they were plotting to Kill her and How she reacted by pretty much having a large branch nearly fall on them. \"They were asking for it\" She justified to herself. Sarah straightened her night shirt, peeled off her fluffy socks and sat on her bed. She mumbled a rushed Prayer and laid down to sleep. In the City, In a tiny cold sterile room, Nancy lay strapped down to a bed. She had misbehaved that day. She spat at a security guard who monitored the halls. Nancy insisted he had deserved it. She said he had made a sexual remark at her and she spat at him in response. Either way, the Matron was not impressed and had Nancy strapped down. Nancy had been doing well too. In her 3 months, She had calmed down, She was doing mediation with her therapist, She was happy more often than not. She even started Praying to God. Asking for Forgiveness. Grace Downs was happy her daughter was progressing. She had gotten a job to help with Nancy's Hospital fees, She had quit smoking and Drinking. Nancy was happy her Mom was finally being a REAL MOM! Nancy sometimes wondered how Bonnie and Rochelle were...She was a little angry they never came to see her. When Nancy had been in the Hospital for a Month, Sarah visited. Nancy flew into a RAGE. Sarah had offered to use Magick to Heal Nancy but Nancy wouldn't have it. Sarah never visited Nancy there again, But she'd walk past, and silently wish for Nancy to get better. CHAPTER 2 School Three alarm clocks rang at the same time in three different houses, Sarah, Bonnie and Rochelle sat up in similar, confused and disturbed manners. Each reaching for that annoying droning sound their alarms made. Rochelle yawned and staggered into her Mom's pristine kitchen, fumbling for the fridge door for a glass of Orange juice. She mumbled about getting some toast before stumbling up stairs to get dressed. Bonnie went into her bathroom and had a hot shower *KNOCK KNOCK* Her Mom called through the door, \"Not too hot Baby, Be careful\" Her Mom was constantly worried Bonnie might get burned again. Bonnie got dressed and skipped down to her Mom who had made her some pancakes. Bonnie took two fluffy pancakes and ran out the door, blowing her Mom a kiss. She reached into her bag and got a smoke. Bonnie sparked the smoke and took a quick drag, before running for the bus. Sarah was dressed in ten minutes. Out the door another ten minutes later, Her Dad dropped her off at 7:15am. Sarah went to the office to get her new timetable. As she turned to leave the office, Sarah saw Laura Lizzy, Her hair short and brushed in a neat little bob, Sarah's heart dropped, She knew she was reason Laura lost her long gold hair, But Sarah was ONLY acting in the best interest of her Friend... Ah that word...FRIEND...Sarah longed to have that word in her vocabulary again. \"Dad, I'm going to a Friends house\" or \"This is my Friend...\" She wished she could say again. As Laura walked past Sarah, Sarah noticed Laura's hair was still a little nasty, STILL recovering from the brutality of the spell, which made her Crowning Glory fall out. Laura avoided Sarah's gaze, in fact, many of the student body AVOIDED Sarah... SHE was known as \"One of THEM\" One of the \"Bitches of Eastwick\" Her Heart sank again. Sarah, despite being avoided, held her head high and walked towards the heavy glass doors of the office building. Sarah stepped into the sun, feeling the warmth on her. She looked down ant the school benches, surrounded by perfectly manicured green lawn, Sitting on some stone benches were Bonnie and Rochelle... \"Now what?\"Sarah thought, \"Are THEY going to avoid Me too?\" she wondered to herself... Rochelle gave Sarah a feared look, but once they made Eye contact, Rochelle softened. She whispered to Bonnie \"Maybe we should let her hang with us...y'know, so she's not so...lonely\", Bonnie's face lit up! Bonnie waved Sarah over and called \"Sarah, Come here, Sit with us\" Sarah was actually relieved that Bonnie seemed so eager. Despite their last altercation, She really did miss them. Sarah walked down the stares at walked to the other two girls and sat down... All three burst out laughing...It was a beautiful moment. Sarah: \"I was worried you girls wouldn't want to see me\" Sarah, confided. Bonnie: \"Well you were a \"TAD\" scary the last time we saw you...Buuut we did miss you\" Rochelle: \"Yeah, I mean, We REALLY Don't wanna piss you off again heehee, But yeah, Missed you a heap\" Sarah blushed at the incident they spoke of, Sighed and The Girls excitedly exchanged class details. Sarah was happy she at least had 3 classes with each girl. CHAPTER 3 Home At the Hospital, in Room 366, A nervous girl awaits her Doctor. Nancy Downs had applied to be released. Since she had been MOSTLY Good, She hoped that the Doctors thought she was better too. Nancy sat in the room, in a Grey cotton dress, slightly fitted and no where near as short as she was used to, this one came to her knees. She wore Ballet flats. Hair neatly groomed into a sleek shoulder length do. Grace Downs was nervous. She wore Denim jeans and a cropped cardigan. \"Oh sweetie, I could REALLY go for a Ciggy\" Nancy smiled at her Mom, placing a gentle hand on her Mom's arm, Nancy \"Mom, it's ok. You know, you didn't HAVE to quit smoking. I'm glad you quit the booze\" Grace kissed her Daughters head. The door opened and the Mother and Daughter sat a little straighter. In walked Dr Jacobs, Good ol faithful Jacobs. Both women smiled. Dr. Jacobs: \"Well here we are ladies, Nancy, we are assessing you today for release. Nancy smiled, it made her look almost sweet. Nancy: \"I was so sure I would be passed over...After that thing the other day.\" Dr.J: \"Oh yes, the Spitting. Well it appears that particular Guard has been caught making sexual remarks at other Women in this Facility. So the heads have been considerate to your reasoning.\" Dr Jacobs gave Nancy and her Mother the final run down and rules. 1: Nancy had to check in with Dr Jacobs at least once a week. 2: Nancy Had to ease back into School to resume \"normal\" life. 3: Nancy was to avoid conflict as much as possible. 4: Nancy had to have a Curfew and stick to it. 5: Nancy had to avoid anything Witchcraft related. On the Bus ride home, Nancy leaned her head on her Mothers shoulder, She was happy to be free. She wondered if she could see her friends again. Good ol Rochelle, Open enough to be friendly, but not enough to be treated like crap. Sweet little Bonnie, She changed a bit, She wasn't the shy wall flower since Sarah and Manon took her Scars. Nancy smiled at a memory of the first time she had met Bonnie. Bonnie was sitting in the sun wearing a heavy coat. Laura Lizzy taunted her \"Bonnie burn scars, like melted plastic!\" \"Hey Bonnie, is your Daddy Freddy Kruger?\" Laura and her wannabes snickered, Sophie, Laura's main friend chimed in \"Hey Bon Bon, Did Mommy think you were a Chicken and stick you in the Rotisary?\"More Laughter. Well Nancy wasn't gonna stand for this, She grabbed an apple and hurled it at Laura's back, Laura jumped and yelled at Mitt who was walking past, Mitt laughed and called Laura \"Dumb blonde\" after Laura and Sophie walked away, Nancy went over to Bonnie, who was biting back tears and told her, \"You're safe with me. I'm Nancy.\" Nancy and Bonnie headed to a little square sitting area where Rochelle waited. The three became fast friends. Rochelle was pretty much the only African American at the School, another of Laura's Victims. Nancy saved her too. Rochelle's parents were Not filthy rich, But they were better off than Nancy's Mom ever had been. That was different now, After Ray died. Ray the stale, oily fat bastard, Sicko and perverted. Nancy could never have friends over because he'd sleaze around and watch them like some hungry beast. She didn't regret killing him. She said she DIDN'T Kill him. In a way she didn't, He had it coming, He was fat, a smoker and alcoholic, He was SURE to have a heart attack at any day. \"Nothing really could be pinned on me\" she thought. Even when Chris Hooker died, there was no evidence pointing to Nancy, \"he was drunk and lost his balance and fell out the window\" She told the Police. But all that was behind her now. Now she got a second chance. During her three months in the Hospital, She didn't know her Mom had to sell their apartment. She was shocked when they got off the bus and they were out the front of the dusty manky Trailer park. Nancys heart sank, \"Mom?...What?\" Grace smiled, \"honey, when you went to stay at the Hospital, I had to sell the Apartment to cover your bills, But don't worry, We Don't live at the Park.\" Nancy looked confused...This WAS the trailer park they used to live at, She could see the old trailer she had spent years in. They walked half a block and stopped outside a nice little cottage style house. Her Mom smiled and said \"We are home now, Baby, Your room is the entire Atic! I know how you like a lot of space and I figured you could use more room. Nancy quietly walked up to the Attic. It was glorious. A Window in each of the four walls, two handing lights and a nice big bed sitting in the far corner. Nancy's Mom knocked on the door, \"Honey, there's a Box of your stuff in the closet next to the door, Decorate your room ok, I have to go to work\" Nancy called out \"I love you Mom, see ya this afternoon\" Nancy wandered over to the Door and found a big heavy cardboard box. She pushed it across the attic floor to her bed, She sat on the floor, leaning against the bed, she opened the box and began to rummage... Chapter 4: In the Box Inside the box, Nancy found some of her fave clothes, Her Goth boots, a Corset, long flowing skirts, a Velvet dress, Band shirts, black pants. She smiled \"Hmm thought Mom would have thrown these out\" She said to no one. She hung the clothes up in a small closet. She then found an old book. Inside the book were random scribbles, photos of \"the old days\" of her, Bonnie, Rochelle and Sarah. She glared at Sarah's image, with such fire and hatred she began to sweat, She tossed the book into a dark corner. Further down in the box, under various trinkets, old stuffed toys, random papers, she found it, the thing she wasn't supposed to have...Her Witch tools. Didn't Dr Jacobs say she wasn't allowed to practice? What would happen if she did? Could she control it better this time? Now that she knew what could happen? She remembered that Sarah had bind her powers... \"hmmm Bummer\" She said. She wondered what she could do with her tools, then she saw a small desk under a window. She promptly set up an Altar. She actually felt better once she done that. In the bottom of the box was the last book she had brought...the ONLY book she brought \"Invoking the Spirit\" \"Oh my god\" she gasped... She decided to read through it, for old time sake. As she was flicking through the thin papers, She remembered something, Something that was important, SOMETHING Sarah didn't specify. Nancy found some candles, Some incense and created a circle of salt on her wooden floor. As Nancy flicked through the book, she came upon a chapter \"Unbinding\" \"HA!\" she said in triumph. scanning the pages of the chapter, she saw what she was looking for: \"If you've been bound, it IS possible to perform and Unbinding.\" Nancy sat down in the salt circle and meditated on the night Sarah had Bound her powers, \"What were that bitches EXACT words\" she thought... ~Meditation. Sarah stood facing Nancy, Sarah looked Stone cold, looking down at Nancy like she was Superior. Nancy looked sad, Guilty, almost regretful. Sarah started her Binding Chant. Nancy begged her to wait, to stop, Sarah wouldn't listen.~ Nancy listened carefully to the words of past Sarah \"I Bind you Nancy, from doing Harm\"...BINGO, There it was! Just what Nancy was looking for! \"She ONLY Bound me from Doing Harm! SHIT! That means I can STILL do Magick, But ONLY Good, Unless I can lift this Binding, and Since I still have Power, I can lift the Binding.\" So Nancy tried the Chant to lift the Binding, but it wasn't working. Nancy pondered this... She decided to go for a walk. She needed to get out and enjoy the little freedom before she would have to go back to school. Nancy wore a long black floaty skirt with a dark grey singlet, She wandered aimlessly, contemplating how she could tap into her \"Good\" power, even if it was to manipulate it to lift the Harm binding power. As she wandered, she found herself out the front of her old haunt, Lirio's Magick shop. Nancy hesitated, She sucked in a deep breath and entered the shop. The shop was so familiar, so welcoming with the heavy scent of incense and candles giving off their warm glow. Nancy scanned the shop for the Witch owner, Nancy was taken aback when she saw a slender red haired woman working there. Nancy: \"Um, Hi. Where is Lirio?\" The woman looked up from a glossy Magazine, She smiled and said \"Oh, Merry Meet, I'm Lacey, Lirio's cousin, Lirio went on leave.\" She didn't say anything else about Lirio. Nancy walked around the shop. She realised that if she touched something, her finger tips would start tingling. \"Magick\" she thought to herself. Nancy eventually decided to ask Lacey about harnessing her Good power. Nancy: \"Can I ask you a Question?\" Lacey: \"Yeah, sure\" Nancy: \"How do I tap into my Good Powers?\" Lacey smiled. She reached under the counter and produced a White Crystal Sphere. Lacey: \"You need this. Go meditate with this, Ask it to help your light shine through. Ask it to show you the Good. You also need to forgive others\" Nancy considered these words, she gazed at the shiny Crystal that looked so much like a polished Moon. Nancy: \"Ok, Cool. How much is the Crystal?\" Lacey: \"It's umm, $45.00\" Nancy hoped she grabbed enough cash off the hall stand, that Mom had left for her. She rummaged through her bag and produced a crumpled $50 Lacey bagged the Crystal and handed it to Nancy. CHAPTER 5 Meanwhile at School Three girls were excited to see new and old faces. Bonnie saw a Cute young boy, He had shoulder length sun bleached surfer hair that fell in loose waves, framing his green eyes. He saw her too. They smiled at each other in passing. While Bonnie and Rochelle were chatting about a new Teacher, at morning break, Sarah felt weird. It was summer, but she felt hotter than usual. As though she were an ant under a magnifying class, It was the same time Nancy was giving Death stares at the photo she'd found in her room. Sarah felt like she \"Knew\" who was staring but shook it off. Bonnie noticed Sarah and put her hand on Sarahs arm, Bonnie: \"You ok Sarah? You look like you're roasting\" Rochelle looked up, Rochelle: \"Oh my god, Sarah...Here have some water\" Sarah gulped the water down... Sarah: \"Oh...wow...that was weird. I felt like someone was looking right into me! It was creepy...\" Bonnie: \"What? How?\" Rochelle: \"You mean like you felt someone staring at you? I hate that feeling\" Bonnie, in a low voice asks \"So Sarah...Did you ever find out what exactly happened to Nancy?\" The Question made Rochelle sit a little straighter...It made Sarah shiver. Sarah: \"Once...I did once, at the Hospital, I offered to heal her. But she went mad and I never went back. I've walked past a few times and sent healing thoughts, but, yeah that's it\" Bonnie: \"I wonder if she'll EVER get out?\" Rochelle: \"I dunno, but I'm scared. I mean if she does, we'd all be in for it. I mean Bon, you and I took off after...you know ~gestures to Sarah~...We didn't even think to visit the Hospital, She'd want our blood for sure\". The Bell rang, It's shrill sound jolted the three girls into reality. Sarah jumped up, grabbed her bag and hurried off before the other two had a chance. Rochelle: \"Wow, Eager much?\" Bonnie: \"Maybe the Nancy thing scared her...After all, She had it worse with Nanc\" Rochelle nodded, both girls had a class together and slowly made way for class. Sarah had a free class, She walked to the School chapel. She had sworn off Witchcraft since she had offered to heal Nancy. She had reigned her powers so she could control them. The solitude of the chapel felt safe. Sarah sat on a front pew and leaned back, She felt exhausted. A Nun came in and lit candles and dusted a few statues. Sarah quietly watched her. The bell rang for home time. Bonnie and Rochelle were walking with a bit more bounce now, the earlier discussion had left them. Bonnie ran up to Sarah. Bonnie: \"Sarah, Wait up!\" Bonnie caught up to Sarah, who was walking in a daze, Sarah: \"Huh?...Wah?...Oh Bonnie, phew, you scared me!\" Bonnie: \"giggles\"...\"So Rochelle and I are gonna go shopping, Come with us?\" Sarah shrugged, She really just wanted to crash at home, but she also wanted to feel safe with friends. Sarah: \"Sure\" The trio walked with a skip in their step, laughing and chatting about their first day back. Rochelle: \"So, I saw Laura. I kinda didn't wanna talk to her, but in the gym showers, she came up to me and said she was \"Super sorry\" for being so mean to me...I kinda felt sorry for her.\" Bonnie: \"Woah, really? She said \"Sorry\"? Did she sound like she meant it?\" Rochelle: \"Yeah, I really think she did. She even invited me to \"Hang out\", But I dunno.\" Sarah: \"Yeah, Given how she used to be, It's gonna take a while to build up any trust regarding her\" They spoke of many things, Classes, future plans and then Bonnie said the other thing Sarah was avoiding...\"Witchcraft\" Bonnie: \"So, you still practising the craft, Sarah?\" Sarah: \"No. After the Nancy thing, I've tried to avoid it. It's safer that way\" Rochelle: \"But you are a Natural...Why hide it?\" Sarah: \"I dunno. Just...yeah...\" Rochelle and Bonnie exchanged \"uh oh\" expressions as they rounded the corner to Lirio's Magick shop. Sarah realised and let out a sigh, She heaved her bag up on her shoulder, Took a breath and followed her friends, She was expecting Lirio to rush up to greet her or give her a warm hug...She entered and was kind of let down that no one greeted her! She saw the elegant Red head and walked over. Sarah: \"Uh Hi, Where's Lirio?\" Lacey: \"Hi, I'm Lacey, Lirio's cousin. Lir has gone on a break.\" Sarah: \"Uh huh. Well I'm Sarah, Lirio was kind of a mentor to me.\" Lacey: \"Ahhhh YOU'RE Sarah, hmmm? Lirio told me about you. She left something for you...Gimme a minute\" Lacey went up the stairs, She was so graceful, like a human version of water... What would Lirio leave for her, Sarah wondered. Bonnie and Rochelle were admiring Goddess statues and pocketing small things, A tumbled crystal here, a small baggie of herbs there, some tea lights. Sarah couldn't understand why? Both girls had good pocket money from their parents. They weren't poor like Nancy had been... Lacey: \"Here we go, Lirio said you'd NEED this one day\" Sarah turned to see Lacey carrying a small wooden box. Lacey handed it to Sarah and Sarah opened it. Inside was a small silver pendant, It was a Pentacle. A Star within a Circle. A Circle of snakes... ugh...Sarah STILL Hated snakes. Why would Lirio give her something like that, then she remembered, Lirio didn't know Sarah hated them. Sarah: \"Oh...Um thank Lirio for me, also Thank you for keeping it for me!\" Sarah offered Lacey money for it, but Lacey shook her head. The girls left the shop. Sarah took a Taxi home. She wanted to hide the Pendant away. \"Why Snakes, Lirio? Why?\" She thought to herself. CHAPTER 6 SHE'S BACK! Nancy was in her room meditating with her crystal. ~I must forgive others, to reach my good.~ Over and over she mumbled those same words, She must have said them a Thousand times in the last half hour, she thought. When will I feel it? \"HONEY, DINNER'S READY\" She heard the nasal trill of her Mom's voice. Nancy sighed, Placed the shiny moon like crystal on her altar, to bathe in moonlight. Nancy stalked down stairs to the Kitchen. She stopped short when she heard a Man's voice \"So I'm finally meeting your daughter? is she uh...Better?\" She heard the man say, \"Mmm hmm\" Her mum responded. \"Great\" Thought Nancy, Just what she needed. Her first night home and Mom brought some Grease Ball home...She wanted to cry and scream, But she held her Composure and strides in to the kitchen. \"Hi Mom\" she said, \"Whats cooking good lookin?\" She joked. She used to say that to her Mom a lot when she was little. \"Hey sweetie, I'm cooking Veggies and Rice with pork\" Her Mom said. Nancy was shocked, Her Mom hardly ever cooked proper food when they were in the Trailer. \"Sweetie, this is Dave\" Grace said, gesturing to a well dressed man. \"Oh, Hello\" Nancy said. She was curious. He seemed really decent, especially compared to her Mom. \"Good evening, Miss Downs\" Said Dave, as he stood up and shook her hand. Dave: \"I'm the NEW Headmaster of St Benedict's, Your Mom said you have to ease back into School, So I am here to discuss classes that you might like to attend. You can take the Compulsory classes at Home, If you wish.\" \"Hmmm\" Nancy thought, I knew Mom couldn't land a decent guy like him... She smiled, happy at the idea of going back to school... Wondering if she would terrorise the other 3 or make amends with them... They ate dinner first. Then discussed School. Nancy chose to do Art, Latin, Drama and Dance at School. Math and English for home, for the first two months at least. She chose those School based classes because she knew she could incorporate them into her Spell weaving. Grace had given Nancy her new uniform, New Bag and said she could still wear her boots or the Ballet flats the Hospital gave her. Naturally she chose her old faithful boots. Next morning, Nancy lined her eyes in her fave black liner...then she changed her mind. Nope, She was gonna dress different. She was gonna play \"Good Girl\" Nancy cleaned off her black makeup and rummaged through her Moms drawer. She found some Un-opened new makeup. She picked up a nice light rose coloured lipstick, Some medium brown eye shadow and a Brown liner. She gave her hair a quick whirl of the Curling iron, just enough to give her hair soft waves. Nancy looked almost...Friendly. She stepped on to the bus, and read through her new Time table. She only had 3 hours of School. Latin with Sister Rosa, Art with Sister Roberts and Dance with Madame Jana, Obviously a hired dance instructor. As the bus pulled up outside the gates of Nancy's old School, Nancy stepped onto the path. She stood a moment, eyeing the school then it hit her, ALL these students would know she had been locked up in a Looney Hospital ward... Would they tease her? Or Would they avoid her like the plague? ONLY One way to find out, she thought. Nancy straightened up, Head High, Shoulders back and took her first step in to the school. The students hardly noticed her. Mitt and Trey saw her, Mitt almost said his usual quip about \"Scary Bitch\" but then thought better of it. He Smiled and nodded. Trey's mouth dropped open. Trey: \"Dude...She's almost...\" Mitt: \"Yeah, Hot...Woah\" They followed her wither their eyes. Nancy felt kind of giddy. Next familiar face was Laura Lizzy and Sophie. Laura also stared...This girl looked like Nancy... Kind of Dressed like Nancy, but wasn't the \"Weirdo\" that Nancy was... But Laura couldn't keep her perfect pout shut, \"Amazing what the Looney Bin can do\" Sophie was shocked that Laura would say that, Mostly because since Lauras hair loss, She had been quiet, reserved, Even tried to buddy up to Rochelle, her FAVE Target of torment... Why did Laura have to start on Nancy? Sophie shot Nancy an apologetic look, Nancy gave a sympathetic smile. But inside, she wanted to kill Laura. As she headed to her Latin class, she caught a glimpse of Bonnie, She went to call out, but stopped herself. No, It was too soon, Besides Rochelle was the more easier to convince. AND What Luck?! In Nancy's Latin room, Sitting by the window in the back row, Rochelle, Busily writing in her note book, Even better luck was the spare desk in front of Rochelle, Nancy could sit there and Rochelle wouldn't notice till Nancy turned to talk to her. Nancy swooped into the seat. Rochelle didn't even notice. The teacher started role call, Sister: \"Jenna?\" Jenna: \"Here\" Sister: \"Emily?\" Emily: \"Present\" Sister: \"Jason?\" Jason: \"YO!\" Sister glares at Jason. Sister: \"Rochelle?\" Rochelle: \"Here Sister\" Sister: \"Nancy?\" Nancy: \"Yes\" Sisters voice fades as Rochelle registers the name and voice to follow, Nancy turns around and smiles at Rochelle, Rochelle gasps... Rochelle: \"N-n-nancy? Wha... uh Whe...um Welcome Back?...I guess...\" Rochelle offers nervously. Nancy smiled, \"Well...\" she began, \"After my little nut show at...Sarah's place, I went to the Hospital for 3 Months, YOU Knew that. But I have been a good girl\" She drew and invisible halo over her head, \"Because I renounced Witchcraft and started being Normal, the shrinks said I was well enough to be released, They let me out yesterday and Mom got in real fast with the Headmaster. Now here I am.\" Rochelle was gob smacked! \"Ya know, Bonnie and Sarah are gonna be...\" Rochelle started, Nancy giggled \"Shocked?...Scared?\" Offered Nancy. Rochelle nodded, \"Yeah, to say the least\" ","Summary":" The Craft: Part 2 This takes place 3 months after the Stand off between Nancy and Sarah, School is "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Letter","Author":"andy29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3284083","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Letter From:n bet you're wonderingnwhat I've done with my life since high-school, so I think I have anright to tell you. After the incident I moved back to LA where wenlived in an apartment. I went to Blakes High School (a public school)nand finished my school years there. I hadn't made friends becausenmostly they were all snobby and cruel. I was basically ridiculedneveryday, and was called mediocre frequently. I was known as then\"rag-girl\" of the school, as they called me. Well, thenyears went by and eventually I was at graduation, unknown what I'd donwith my life at that point. I looked for colleges and applied fornmany, until I finally got to go to Los Angelos University. On thenfirst year there, there were many people who were nice, my roommatenshared some things with me, we both practiced magick together and hadna fantastic time. She thought about it and told me that it wasn't thenright path for her, and she knew what her lifes-purpose was to be, annactress. So she left LA University and headed to Los AngelosnUniversity of Drama, and I never heard from her again. It was rumorednby one her friends that she auditioned for a small role in a movie,nbut I highly doubt it, since I watch movies 24/7 and hadn't seen hernin not one. I finished college and became a child psychologist, wherenI worked with children who had been abused and had mental illnesses,nmany who were suicidal. I worked there for seven years, until Inthought I needed to take a break so I took all of my vacation daysnand headed off to Hawaii. I stayed in Hawaii for three weeks and thenncame back to my normal life in LA. I hadn't met a partner yet, but Inwas sure looking. It was lonely, being alone in a huge house, goingnhome every night just to watch T.V and eat up the calories. The years went by, and Infinally met a guy in training at the clinic. We had so much inncommon. Unfortunetly, like all guys are, he only wanted me for twonthings: sex and money. After spending huge ammounts buying him a carnand paying for his food, I was suddenly in debt, having troublenpaying the bills, at risk of losing the house. Better yet I still hadncourt dates with him, just to get the money he owed me -- never trustna guy you don't know, he'll turn you into Kirstie Alley or worst yet,nOprah Winfrey. Where all you want to do is blow your pay check onnfood and keep packing on the calories and fat. By the summer of 2005,nI was huge. I don't mean like one of those women who say they are fatnbut really are skinny, I mean huge. Stress and paperwork were allnthat I had in life -- and food of course. Life's changed sincenhigh-school, and you need to know that. So I here you are gettingnout this weekend, ten years is a long time. I've been keeping inntouch with Rochelle, but Bonnie -- god knows where she is. Hoping we can be friendsnagain, Sarah Bailey To: ","Summary":" The Letter From:n bet you're wonderingnwhat I've done with my life since high-school, so I think I "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Pains of Fire","Author":"theunknownone0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9296413","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: No copyright infringement intended. All characters and content belong to The Craft. The Pains of Fire Nancy Downs sat in the back of her 5th period history class aimlessly doodling her composition notebook. Although Sister Anus - Agnes respectively - had called her name twice for attendance, she just sat there perfecting the Pentagrams she started yesterday. Screw this class. \"Downs, Nancy,\" The plump nun repeated. A few students snickered and shot furtive glances at the dark haired goth, who refused to answer. \"Look at her,\" Laura Lizzie whispered, as her posse of bleached blonde barbies erupted into fits of giggles. Nancy shot them a deathly glare, which caused the three girls to quickly turn away. 'That's right,' Nancy thought bitterly, 'turn away like the scared little bitches you are.' She shook her head in disgust. Bleached blonde pieces of shit like Laura Lizzie and her army of skanks made her skin crawl. In fact, 95% of this school's population made her skin crawl, especially Chris Hooker. 'No,' she dug her nails into her palms. She had promised herself she would never think about that jerk ever again. 'But how can you not,' a little voice inside her head said. 'He's so cute. And buff. And you know you love that smile. And those dimples. And those broad shoulders. And how hot and sweaty he looks after football practice.' She was about to let out a huge sigh, but caught herself. 'No,' another voice inside her head said. 'He's a jerk. An asshole. A prick. Remember when he dumped you, right after you two...' Nancy shut her eyes tight. So tight, she could see the color red. \"Ms. Downs,\" she heard the stern voice of Sister Agnes ring out. \"What,\" Nancy snapped. Couldn't the fat bitch see she was already here? Or was she blind too? \"I'd really appreciate it, if you answered me when I'm taking attendance.\" The nun placed her hands on her hips; a disapproving scowl shown on her wrinkled face. Nancy rolled her eyes. \"And I'd really appreciate it, if you dropped dead,\" she muttered to herself. The nun turned around swiftly. \"I'm sorry, what was that Ms. Downs,\" she looked at Nancy pointedly. \"Nothing Sister,\" Nancy suppressed a grin, satisfied by the old wench's expression. \"Carry on,\" she waved her off. Sister Agnes shot Nancy another pointed look then returned to the attendance sheet. \"What did I tell you,\" someone a few rows ahead of Nancy whispered. \"I know,\" a second voice responded. Nancy tensed. She immediately recognized the second voice as Chris's. She almost forgot they shared every freakin' class together. \"What were you thinking,\" asked his puny friend Mitt. \"I wasn't,\" replied Chris. \"Gentleman,\" barked Sister Agnes, \"I hate to interrupt your little social gathering, but right now we are in the middle of class.\" Nancy snorted. Served them right. Jerks. \"Sorry Sister,\" said Chris. \"Yeah, we'll conduct our little social gatherings in the beginning of 5th period, from now on,\" Mitt (the-oh-so-funny-man) joked. His loyal audience snickered. \"Very funny, Mr. Rogers,\" Sister Agnes set her jaw. \"Now... back to the attendance... Evans, Daniel...\" Nancy let out a low groan. 3 weeks until summer vacation seemed like an eternity. She was desperate to get out of this school. Out of this life. \"If you concentrate hard on one thing, he will hear you,\" Lirio said. But Nancy had concentrated hard for over a year now. She was growing tired of waiting. Couldn't Manon see how miserable she was? Couldn't he see how sick and tired she was of being treated like poor white trash; useless, no good, and undeserving of love? She guessed Manon had bigger fish to fry, but she wasn't giving up hope. No, not yet. She wouldn't stop until she finally got what she wanted - absolute power. With that, she spent a portion of the hour daydreaming of all the possibilities Manon could provide until she finally tired herself out and drifted off to sleep. When Nancy awoke from her routine 5th period nap, the bell which indicated the end of the class period, echoed throughout the halls. \"Alright,\" the drone-like voice of Sister Agnes said, as students gathered up their belongings, \"your homework is on page 121. I expect you to read and answer all of the questions in complete sentences.\" \"Great,\" Nancy rolled her eyes. The old hag would have to assign them homework, when she and her two friends Bonnie Daniels and Rochelle Zimmerman were chanting tonight. Wasn't this just the cherry on top of a shitty week? She thought bitterly. The second bell rang, as Nancy filed out into the packed hallway. \"Yo Downs,\" called out Voice One from 5th period. She whirled around and saw Mitt Rogers, Trey Matthews, and - shudder - Voice Two / Chris Hooker beaming at her. \"What,\" she said as acidly as she could. She couldn't let them think she was intimidated. \"I heard that you're a back door kind of gal. Is it true?\" Mitt, Trey, and Chris broke out into raucous laughter, causing a few students to glance in their direction. It took a moment for Nancy to register what he said. \"Wait. What,\" she shrieked, causing the boys to breakout into hysterics. The boys exchanged smug looks, then Mitt cleared his throat. \"N-nothing, Downs, just run along to class, okay,\" he said, patting her on the shoulder. She shot them a seething look. \"Whatever, pigs\" she turned on her heel then marched to her locker. \"Bye, bye, Nancy,\" Mitt's jeering voice echoed across the hall. \"See ya later, Back Door,\" Trey bellowed. Nancy clenched her fists, fighting back tears. Not once had Chris tried to defend her. But what could she expect, he was an asshole. \"Hey, Nancy,\" said the egg-shell thin voice of Bonnie Daniels. \"Hey,\" Nancy grunted, not bothering to look up, as she spun the dial on her lock. \"Are you... okay,\" Bonnie asked cautiously. \"Okay?\" Nancy was taken aback a bit. Was it that obvious she felt like shit? \"Y-yeah, I'm okay. Why wouldn't I be okay?\" She regretted the slight crack in her voice. \"Well,\" Bonnie trailed off. \"Well, what,\" Nancy finally faced her. \"What's wrong?\" She noticed the sullen look on her friend's face. Bonnie shook her head. \"I-\" \"It's Chris,\" Rochelle Zimmerman cut-in, sidling next to Bonnie. \"He's been going around the whole school saying that you...\" She trailed off this time. \"What? That I what,\" Nancy pressed. The two girls exchanged mournful looks, then Rochelle spoke up. \"That... you two... you know... and you were,\" she lowered her voice, \"the lousiest girl he's ever slept with.\" \"He also said that you were a slut,\" Bonnie added in a voice that was barely audible than a whisper. Nancy slammed her locker with such force, the adjacent lockers shook. That lying sack of shit! How dare he spread such rumors about her! How dare he humiliate her! \"Uh, Nancy,\" Rochelle tentatively placed a hand on friend's shaking shoulder, \"I think we should get going now, or else we're gonna be late for class.\" 'WHO CARES,' Nancy wanted to shout, but instead focused her attention across the hall. Chris was grinning at her, as if she were the most amusing thing in the world. He blew her a kiss then mouthed, 'Gotcha.' She stood glued to the floor. Every part of her wanted to go over there and punch him in the face, but she couldn't. She wouldn't . She refused to let him get to her. So when she felt a single tear drip onto her pale skin, she quickly wiped it off then mouthed back, 'We'll see about that.' The sly grin on his face immediately dropped, which made her feel slightly better. In a matter of time, she wouldn't have to worry about brainless football dicks like Chris, spreading rumors about her. She would have Manon on her side, and he would make everything in her shitty life halfway decent - as if it ever was. With that, she shot Chris her signature Cheshire Cat grin, then sauntered off to Biology with Bonnie and Rochelle. 'Oh, yes,' she thought to herself, 'she would have the last laugh.' ","Summary":" Note: No copyright infringement intended. All characters and content belong to The Craft. The Pains"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Lorsque tout recommence","Author":"Tanianka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2339337","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Braves gens, pretez moinl'oreille. Je ne suis qu'une petite conteuse, appelez moi comme ilnvous plaira, mais ici bas on me connait sous le nom de Garde Fou.nAsseyez-vous ou restez debout, l'histoire commence ici. 21eme siecle. Siecle quentous ne pensait pas connaitre. Pour quelles mysterieuses raisons, jenl'ignore. Il était dit que la fin du monde se declarerait ànl'aube du millenaire. Et comme tout à chacun peut lenconstater, nous sommes toujours là, bien vivant. Maisnrapprochez vous, car nous allons nous interresser à une petitenville bien tranquille sous tout rapport et qui connaitra bientôtnune destinée bien funeste. Car c'est dans cette ville que lanMal Supreme dort, et ce depuis la création du monde, ànce qui est dit tout bas. Sous cette ville est enfoui un templensatanique, et le Mal Supreme fut enfermé dans ce temple par unnpetit groupe de personnes aux pouvoirs bien etrange. Cela se passa ànun moment de notre histoire inconnue de tous, et cela pour une simplenet bonne raison: la bataille de laquelle decoula l'emprisonnement dunMal Supreme detruisit toute forme de vie sur cette planete qui dutnalors reproduire la vie à nouveau. Aucune trace des gens quinvivait sur Terre avant les Dinosaures ne fut conservé. C'estnseulement apres cette destruction que tout commenca tel que nousnl'apprenons dans des livres d'histoire plus que barbant ànl'ecole. En parlant d'ecole,napprochez vous encore. Nous sommes dans la petite ville de Carssonne.nIl n'y fait pas souvent beau, mais quand le soleil se decide ànse montrer, la chaleur devient vite etouffante. Nous sommes ennSeptembre, et le temps aujourd'hui est radieux. Approchez, approcheznencore un peu. Voici l'Institut Privé d'Etudes. Les eleves ynsont admis de la maternelle à la fac qui se trouve en dehorsnde la ville. C'est une ecole immense de plusieurs batiments. Tous lesnetudiants y sont internes, et ont tous un niveau d'etudesnirreprochables. Enfin presque tous. Approchez vous encore un petitnpeu. Encore un tout petit peu, vers la droite. Oui oui, vers l'arbrendans le coin. Voila vous y etes. Vous voyez le petit groupend'etudiant? C'est autour d'eux que l'histoire va se situer. Oh ouinils ont l'air jeune, jeune et libre de toutes contraintes quinpourraient mettre leurs vies en danger. Et pourtant, c'est eux quinvont sceller le destin de chaques habitants de cette ville. Vous avez devant vous desnTerminales. S'ils reussisent leurs examens à la fin denl'année, ils pourront entrer en Fac. Mais pour l'instant,nl'examen est le dernier de leur souci. Le trimestre vient ànpeine de commencer, et ils n'ont qu'une envie: profiter du soleilntant qu'il est encore là. Allongés dans l'herbe, unnlivre dans la main ou un portable, ou encore un sachet de bonbons, nils incarnent l'insouciance même. Penchez vous un peu, je vaisnvous parler de chacuns d'entre eux. La brunette avec unnportable à la main s'appelle Lore. Exellente eleve, 1ere dansnpresque toutes les matieres. Ce qui la rendue plutôt vantardend'ailleurs. Elle a toujours reponse à tout et ne se prive pasnpour rabaisser ceux qui l'entoure, même ses amis. Commentnpeut-elle avoir des amis alors? Mystere. Surement son coténchochote qui la rend peut-être attachante, ou qui la remet aunmême niveau que ceux qui l'entoure. Le garçon avec desnyeux verts clair se nomme Romain. Romantique dans l'âme, c'estnle scientifique du groupe. Il n'a pas sa langue dans sa poche mais ilna toujours été incapable d'aller parler à unenfille qui lui plaisait. Il est plutôt terre à terre,nmais n'a tout de même aucun mal à suivre ses amis dansndes delires sans queue ni tête. C'est un tres bon eleve en cenqui concerne les maths ou la physique chimie. Le 2nd garçon,ncelui qui porte un sachet de bonbons, s'appelle Florian. Il a raténson examen l'année precedente et n'a été gardéndans l'etablissement que graçe à l'avis que ses profsnavaient de lui. Il est secret et introverti, et manque cruellement denconfiance en lui. Ne vous fiez pas à sa taille, il est tresnfort physiquement. Il est tres taquin. Enfin la derniere dungroupe et qui est plongé dans un enorme bouquin s'appellenTanie. Elle est loin d'être stupide, mais rien le l'interresse.nSon humour est souvent teinté d'ironie, et c'est une allumeusenprovocante, extremement fiere et manipulatrice. Elle est assezninstable psychologiquement. Elle est insolente et plutôtnagressive envers les adultes. Bien, maintenant que lesnpremieres presentations sont faites, nous allons pouvoir passer ànl'histoire. Je disais donc, nousnsommes en Septembre, et plus precisement un vendredi apres midi. Lesncours venait tout juste de se terminer, Langues pour Lore et Tanie,nBiologie pour Romain et Florian. Ils étaient dans la mêmenclasse mais avaient des options differentes. Plongée dans sonnroman de Werber, l'un de ses auteurs favoris, Tanie ne suivait pasnvraiment la conversation. Allongé à coté d'elle,nFlorian s'amusait à la taquiner avec un brin d'herbe, unenfaçon de se venger du fait qu'elle venait de finir tous sesnbonbons. Lore venait d'envoyer un message à une de ses amiesnavec qui elle devait preparer un exposé. A dire vrai, Tanientravaillait aussi avec elle, mais de maniere plus... distante. Aungrand dam de Lore qui considerait les etudes comme la chose la plusnimportante au monde.Tanie, elle preferait de loin aller s'entrainernau gymnase avec Florian et Romain. Florian faisait parti du clubnd'arts martiaux de l'ecole, et s'occupait d'entrainer les deuxnautres. Lore n'aimait pas se battre. Florian et Romain non plus, maisnils s'entrainaient surtout car Tanie avait un don pour s'attirer desnennuis et qu'il fallait bien la defendre, contrairement à cenqu'elle disait. Florian, arrete! disaitnpour la millieme fois Tanie sans lever les yeux de son livre. Lore soupira en levantnles yeux au ciel. Elle les trouvait si pueril par moment. Mais ellenn'en fit pas la remarque, sachant pertinemment qu'elle s'entendraitndire la même chose. Romain, les yeux clos, allongé lesnbras en croix, commencait à s'assoupir. Lore n'avait aucunnmoyen de se distraire ou d'empecher les deux amoureux de se disputerncomme ils allaient surement le faire. Ah j'ai oublié denparler de ca? Mille excuses. En effet Tanie et Florian sont ensemble,nsi tant est qu'on puisse les qualifier de couple si on tient comptendu fait qu'ils ne se comportent pas comme tel en public. Ce n'estnmême pas sur qu'ils le fassent en privé. Tout le mondensait juste qu'il se passe quelque chose entre eux, mais personne nensait exactement quoi. Le fait que Tanie passe son temps ànseduire tout ce qui passe n'aide pas vraiment. Je disais donc, Lorenn'avait aucun moyen d'empecher la dispute qui se profilait ànl'horizon. La seule personne que Tanie ecoutait, en dehors denFlorian, etait son cousin et Romain. Romain dormait, et le cousinnetait absent. Surement encore collé.nEt on est qu'au debut du trimestre. pensa Lore avec dedain. Il était dennotorieté publique que Lore n'aimait pas le cousin de Tanie.nPas grand monde n'aimait le cousin de Tanie, mais Lore en etait venunà la haïr. Florian ne l'aimait pas non plus, mais pasnpour les memes raisons que Lore qui n'apreciait guere de le voir luintourner autour. Je t'ai dit d'arreter!nrugit Tanie. Et voila, bravonFlorian. songea Lore. Tanie arracha l'herbe denla main de Florian et le poussa violemment. Comme il etait allongé,nil ne risquait pas de se faire bien mal. Il commenca à rirenmais Tanie n'etait pas d'humeur à rire. Ce que tu peux êtrenagacant quand tu t'y mets! Lache moi à la fin, oublis moi,noublis que j'existe! C'est ta faute, t'avaisnqu'à pas finir mes bonbons. repliqua Florian avec un sourire. C'est toujours de manfaute avec toi, tu peux pas changer de disque! Florian ne se departitnpas de son sourire, et Tanie le frappa aussi fort que possible avecnson livre. Encore en train de vousndisputer! fit remarquer une jeune fille aux cheveux roses et auxnnombreux piercings. Lore tourna la têtenvers la nouvelle arrivante du nom de Charline. Elle etait arrivénalors qu'ils se trouvaient en 2nde et ils l'avaient aussitôtnadopté. Son look n'avait certes rien de commun, mais celui denLore ou de Tanie non plus à dire vrai. C'est ce qui les avaitnrapproché. C'est pas ma faute,nc'est... commenca Florian. Il fut coupé parnun roman de 654 pages qui lui atterit sur l'epaule. Ose seulement dire quenc'est ma faute et tu n'auras plus l'occasion de le dire ànnouveau. gronda Tanie. Charline eut un sourire. C'est tout ce qu'ilsnsavent faire, se disputer. persifla Lore qui eut droit à unnregard noir de la part de Tanie. Tu saurais ce que c'estntoi aussi, si tu n'etais pas desesperement seule comme tu l'es en cenmoment même et ce depuis si longtemps. La replique de Tanie fitnmouche. Lore ramassa son sac et se leva. Tu viens travailler unnpeu avec nous Tan' ? demanda Charline sans se formaliser du depart denLore qui s'eloignait en direction de la bibliotheque. Tanie se contenta denhausser un sourcil en la fixant de ses yeux dorés et Charlinens'eloigna à son tour. Tanie se leva elle aussi, eppousseta sanjupe plissée et s'eloigna en direction du batiment desnSciences. Florian savait où elle allait. Elle allait surementnattendre son cousin qui était en retenue, une fois de plus.nTanie ne se rendait-elle compte de rien? Avec un soupir il se leva etns'eloigna vers les dortoirs, laissant Romain seul au soleil. Le week-end arrive, etnaussitôt le lycée se vide. Quel bonheur. soupira Tanienen se laissant tomber à coté de Florian qui leva lantête de son devoir de math, trop heureux d'avoir une excusenpour ne pas le faire. Lore n'est pas là?ndemanda la jeune fille. Non, elle bosse, elle!nsignala Florian d'une voix pleine de sous-entendus. Tanie haussa les epaulesnet se roula en boule tout contre Florian qui passa un bras autour duncou de la jeune fille. On fait quoi ce soir?ndemanda-t-elle à nouveau. Ils nous ont enfinninstallé le cable dans le salon des jeunes, autant en profiternvu qu'il ne reste plus grand monde. Ge-nial... marmonnanTanie. Tu as une meilleurenidée?fit Florian en se tournant vers elle. C'est pas moi qui ait eunl'idée, c'est Marco. Il a reussi à trouver un moyennpour ouvrir la porte au sous-sol. On a pensé qu'on pourraitnaller voir ce qui s'y cache. Rien ne s'y cache. Ilnfaut vraiment qu'il arrete de fumer, ca lui monte au cerveau et ilnraconte n'importe quoi ton cousin. Tu l'aimes pas, c'estntout. fit remarquer Tanie. Personne ne l'aime.nremarqua Florian. Ils ne savent pas cenqu'ils ratent alors. Allez Flo, de toutes façons il n'y a riennd'autres à faire. supplia la jeune fille en levant des yeuxnbrillants vers son ami. Florian plongea sonnregard dans celui de Tanie. Une fois de plus, il ne pourrait rien luinrefuser. Et une fois de plus, ils allaient s'attirer des ennuis. Avecnun discret soupir il se pencha et deposa un leger baiser sur lesnlevres de Tanie. Vous etes en retard. fitnremarquer Marco. Tanie lui tira la languenet serra la main de Florian dans la sienne. Marco eut un sourire enncoin et se leva. D'une main il rejeta ses cheveux qu'il avait noirsnpour le moment et qui n'arretaient pas de lui retomber devant lesnyeux en arriere. Lore, visiblement irritée, et Romain etaientndeja là. Bien, alors allons-y.nsouffla Marco. Ils s'engagerent dans lensombre couloir qui menait au sous-sol, et une fois là-bas ilsns'arreterent devant une grande porte blindée. Tres bien monsieurnl'intello, comment tu comptes l'ouvrir cette porte? grinçanLore en croisant les bras. Marco lui lança unnvague coup d'oeil et sortit une perceuse de son sac à dos. Ilns'agenouilla et sans tenir compte du regard abasourdi de Lore ilncommenca à retirer un à un les vis de la porte. Je ne veux mêmenpas savoir pourquoi il a une perceuse dans son sac. marmonna Lore,nplus pour elle même que pour les autres. Tanie eut un sourirenfier. M'sieur dame, vous êtesnsciemment priés de reculer je vous pris. demanda Marco. Il donna une pichenette ànla porte qui tomba au sol dans un grand fracas. Pour la discretion tunrepasseras! ricana Lore. Sans faire attention ànla jeune fille, Marco rangea sa perceuse dans son sac duquel ilnsortit plusieurs lampes de poches qu'il distribua à la petitenassemblée. Ils se pencherent vers l'escalier que la portenvenait de reveler. Les marches s'enfoncaient dans une obscuriténà faire fremir le plus courageux. Lore deglutit, pasnfranchement rassurée. Bien, vous avez ouvertncette porte, vous savez ce qu'il y a derriere, alors moi je m'ennvais! Elle commenca àns'eloigner mais les lampes du couloir commencerent à gresillernpuis s'eteignirent d'un coup. Tanie sentit une masse la percuter etns'agripper à son bras. Contente que tu restesnfinalement. commenta-t-elle. Lore, eclairée parnla lampe de poche de Flo, eut un faible sourire. Finalement, ilsncommencerent à descendre une à une les marches ennbeton. La petite troupe, composée de Marco suivi de Forian etnTanie puis de Lore et Romain purent rapidement constater qu'au boutnde quelques metres de descente les marches n'etaient plus en betonnmais taillées à même la pierre, ce qui lesnsurprit. Où donc pouvaient-elles mener? Que pouvait-il y avoirndans les trefonds de la terre, caché, dissimulé dans lannoirceur d'encre qui enveloppait les 5 adolescents? Finalement, au bout denlongues minutes, il n'y eut plus de marches. Ils se trouvaientndesormais dans une grande salle aux murs de pierre. Le calme et lenfroid les acceuillirent, et ils se feliciterent de ne pas êtrenresté en chemise. Seules Lore et Tanie regretterent de ne pasnavoir troqué leur jupe d'uniforme pour un pantalon. Au fond denla salle un couloir conduisait dans une autre salle, celle-cinbeaucoup plus imposante que la premiere et au fond de laquelle sentrouvait d'autres escaliers menant à un autel. Lorette, toi qui revaisnde mariage, voila l'endroit idéal. ricana Marco. Lore prefera ne pasnrepondre, se contentant d'un regard meprisant qui fit sourire lenjeune homme. Il s'avanca jusqu'aux escaliers qu'il gravit doucementnpendant que les autres s'eparpillaient dans diverses directions àntravers la salle. Je veux qu'on rentre.nVous entendez, je veux rentrer. exigea Lore dans un souffle. Plus personne nenl'ecoutait, trop occupés qu'ils etaient à explorernl'endroit. Agenouillé, Florian attira l'attention de Tanie surndes dessins gravés au ras du sol. Ca a l'air tres vieux.nfit-il remarquer. Tanie effleura du doigtnles gravures et les eclaira de sa lampe torche. Jamais dans aucunnlivres elle n'avait vu pareil dessins. On dirait qu'ilsnracontent une histoire, t'as vu ca? murmura-t-elle en suivant lesndessins du doigt. C'est dingue... Les dessinsnrepresentaient de maniere grossiere un homme qui ouvrait un coffrencontenant divers objets. Avec ses objets il semblait capable de fairendes exploits, comme vaincre des monstres ou controler les elements.nEnfin il se presentait devant un autre homme aux yeux peints en rougensang et tenant un sceptre dans sa main. La fin de l'histoire etaitneffacé. C'est comme si ce murnetait un livre d'histoire. C'est genial... Laissant Tanie ànsa contemplation, Florian rejoignit Romain qui lui s'etait approchéndu mur opposé de celui devant lequel Tanie etait agenouillée.nSur celui les dessins representaient plusieurs hommes et femmes enncercle autour d'une grosse masse d'ombre. Des rayons semblaientnsortir de leur mains pour frapper de plein fouet la masse d'ombre quinretrecit pour finir par entrer dans une sorte de grand baton. Romainnplissa les yeux. Le baton ressemblait à un sceptre comme lesngrands rois en avaient. Eh regardez ce que j'aintrouvé! Oubliant completement cenqu'il avait sous les yeux, Romain s'approcha de Marco qui tenait dansnses mains un sceptre d'environ 30 centimetres couverts de poussiere. Beurk, c'est degueu.ns'exclama Lore. Chochote. repliquanTanie. C'est quoi? demandanFlorian. On dirait un sceptre.nrepondit Marco. Un sceptre pour le roi que je suis! lanca-t-il ennriant. Lore se detourna,necoeurée, et Florian, plus qu'agacé, prefera laisser lenjeune homme à son delire de royauté. Laisse ca, c'estnvraiment pourri. dit Tanie. On dirait ta copine lanchochote. Et puis c'est pas la parnhasard! continua la jeune fille, enervée. Tu peux pas lenprendre. Marco haussa les epaules.nIl n'arrivait pas à detacher ses yeux sombre de l'objet, commenhypnotisé. Il delaissa son amie et suivit Lore et Florian quinetait ressortis de la salle. Voila qu'il se prendnpour un roi. Il est vraiment barge ton cousin. commenta Romain. Ca doit être denfamille alors. repondit Tanie avec humeur. Ils suivirent les autresnet une demi-heure plus tard ils etaient de retour dans le couloir dunsous-sol. Et comment tu comptesnremettre la porte, môsieur le roi? se moqua Lore. Mais le designénn'avait cure de ce genre de tracas, trop occupé qu'il etait àncontempler son nouveau tresor. Ils remonterent le plusnsilencieusement possible jusqu'à leur dortoir. Une fois dans leurnchambre, Lore se tourna vers Tanie avec un air severe. Tu devrais vraimentnfaire quelque chose, ton cousin est impossible! Nous emmener la-basnen pleine nuit, non mais quelle idée. Personne ne t'a obligéenà venir que je sache, tu nous a suivis de ton plein gré.nretorqua Tanie. Ce qui est bizarre enntout cas, c'est que ce... Ce truc soit sous l'ecole. C'est quoi ànton avis? Un temple? Tanie haussa les epaulesnen signe d'ignorance. Ce qui la tracassait pour le moment, c'estnl'attitude que son cousin avait eu en decouvrant ce sceptre.C'estncomme si plus rien ne comptait. Jamais depuis qu'elle le connaissait,nc'est à dire depuis leur plus tendre enfance, elle l'avait vunreagir de la sorte. Elle se forca à ne plus y penser et sencoucha comme Lore le faisait. ","Summary":" Braves gens, pretez moinl'oreille. Je ne suis qu'une petite conteuse, appelez moi comme ilnvous pla"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Forget It","Author":"Nightcrawlerlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7417279","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey there! Here's a new oneshot I cooked up after watching parts of the 1996 film \"The Craft\", which I think is an awesome film to watch, and be inspired by as well. :) This oneshot, entitled \"Forget It\", centers on the character Nancy Downs (played very brilliantly by actress Fairuza Balk, who once said in a featurette for \"The Craft\" on the Special Edition DVD that her character \"sees witchcraft as an addiction, and has suffered every type of abuse there is\"), and her thoughts on her family. Summary: Oneshot. Nancy's thoughts about her family. Disclaimer: The geniuses at Columbia Pictures own The Craft. I own the oneshots, songfics, stories and poems I cook up from time to time. Forget It I am the son and the heir Of a shyness that is criminally vulgar I'm the son and heir Of nothing in particular You shut your mouth, how can you say I go about things the wrong way I am human and I need to be loved Just like everybody else does - Love Spit Love, How Soon Is Now I don't want to be white trash anymore. I don't want to be seen as the girl that jerk Chris Hooker laid and dumped – ever again! I don't want to be poor. I don't want my stepfather in my life again, either. Wearing an Aisan silk bathrobe, Nancy Downs was sitting on her bed, her dark eyes holding nothing but contempt – contempt for everything in her life. Her mother, she knew, was an alcoholic. All too often Nancy had seen her mother stumble around inside the trailer, drunk. She could smell the whiskey on her mother's breath, and she disliked her for it as well. Her stepfather, Ray, was a different story altogether. Nancy disliked him with a passion as well – a hot, burning passion, to be exact. Once, she thought there was nobody like Ray – lecherous, evil, and a bastard to boot. This time, she knew she was right about that. \" I gave you money. You told me you paid the bill. You can't pay a bill? What are you good for?\" \" You know what I'm good for.\" Great. After that kind of speech, the last thing she wanted to hear was them having intercourse. It was disgusting, in her point of view. She didn't like it, not one bit. Mommie Dearest and Stepdaddy Dearest, she thought wryly. Sort of makes a so-called ‛perfect' idea for what I'd call ‛My So-Called Trailer Trash Life'. Nancy shook her head to rid herself of almost every one of those thoughts. The ‛My So-Called Trailer Trash Life', however, sounded quite oddly a good description for her home life, anyway. If only I can invoke the spirit of Manon... then everything would change for me, and in a good way, I mean. Things would be different. I would be OK, for one thing. I would be rich, and live in a palace of some sort, and all of these problems of mine would be over. I wouldn't have to wake up in the middle of the night from feeling that bastard's hands all over my skin... his fingers crawling over my flesh like bugs and making it tingle all over... Again Nancy shook her head as though to rid herself of all those thoughts, now different. She shuddered all over at the images the thoughts had conjured up in a spell-like fashion. Her hands clenched into fists, and she was barely able to keep the anger deep down inside her. She disliked – no, hated – them with a passion. Her mother, her stepfather. They would all feel her rage, her anger. They would feel the exact same way she had all too often felt when she would suffer abuse. Now, she felt, was the time when she would show them she wasn't to be pushed around anymore... ","Summary":" Hey there! Here's a new oneshot I cooked up after watching parts of the 1996 film \"The Craft\", wh"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Hold On","Author":"slayya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2408874","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hold On This world, this world is cold She couldn't take it anymore, having to cope with it all, being without her mum and then with Lucy, Mandy and all of them, telling her that she was to blame for her mum's death was the last straw. \"I'll clear up.\" She said smiling slightly at her dad, who just nodded and went into his room; well it was his now it used to be both of theirs. She felt the tears sting at her eyes at the thought. But you don't, you don't have to go She cleared the plates and put them in the kitchen as she busied herself around the kitchen, washing and drying up, wiping the surfaces etc. She paused at one of the surfaces to wipe it and as she looked up, something glinted and caught her eye. The large kitchen knife that she'd used to make the dinner. She reached out towards it, her hand grasping the handle, slowly, but then decided against it and put it back on the rack. She walked out of the kitchen as fast as she could, before it tempted her back again. You're feeling sad you're feeling lonely And no-one seems to care She ran into her bedroom and slammed the door and winced as she did so, she knew that would have alerted her father. He'd been getting himself drunk every night and she had to be careful to stay out of his way and not to aggravate him or he might... You're mother's gone 'Oh God.' She thought as she heard his drunken footsteps coming along the corridor, she leant against the door and prayed he would go past. He did and on to the bathroom next door. She breathed a sigh of relief. She walked over to her dresser and picked up a photo of her mother, standing among some trees and plants, everyone used to say she looked like her and now no-one would even dare breathe her name. How was that remembering her? She heard her father exit the bathroom. He walked up and banged on the door. And your father hits you \"Get out here, you little bitch!\" Sarah's breath caught in her throat as she opened the door and he stumbled into the room. \"What's with all this noise your making!\" He slurred. \"I...I...\" \"You What? Well I suppose you were always stupid, your mother always used to stick up for you, but she's not here anymore.\" And with those words he slapped Sarah hard, across the face, knocking her to the ground. Then he left. This pain you cannot bare She ran out of her room and into the kitchen, where she grabbed the knife and ran back to her room, and slammed the door as hard as she could and locked it. Then she ran into her on suite bathroom. But we all bleed the same way as you do We all have the same things to go through The knife glinted as she pressed the point into the top of her left wrist, a bubble of blood appeared on the surface of her skin. Hold on...if you feel like letting go Hold on...it gets better than you know She paused, thinking to shout for help. Then she heard her father's angry cries and him bashing at the door. Your days you say they're way too long Her school days were hell. Mandy, Lucy and all the others would tease her and say she was to blame for her mother's death; surely she wasn't, was she? And your nights you can't sleep at all (hold on) And her nights she just cried herself to sleep. Cried for her mother, cried for her father. And you're not sure what you're looking for But you don't want to no more She couldn't deal with this anymore, she couldn't go on. She was sure this was the only option. She couldn't cope with her dad and the bullies and the grieving, especially the bullies. And as much as she hated to admit it, she was starting to believe what they were saying. And you're not sure what you're waiting for but you don't want to no more At least this way it would be over. She would be able to join her mother in heaven. Her mother never used to call it that; she used to call it Mano. She had no idea what is meant and at this point didn't care as the blood slipped down her arm to form drips and the end of her fingers and finally plummet to earth. But we all bleed the same way as you do She watched those droplets and began to wonder, 'Is that all that's there?' And we all have the same things to go through She wondered what her dad must be going through, was it the same as her or worse? Hold on...if you feel like letting go \"Sarah! Open this door now!\" Her father screamed. She felt a tear slip down her pale cheek. Hold on...it gets better than you know Sarah picked up her glass on the sink and filled it slowly with water, ignoring the water in the bowl being stained pink from her own blood. Don't stop looking you're one step closer Don't stop searching it's not over...hold on \"SARAH!\" Sarah was crying fully now and could do nothing but watch and sob. What are you looking for? What are you waiting for? Sarah held the glass in her hands, staring down into it, looking for something, anything. Do you know what you're doing to me? Her father continued his screaming and bashing and Sarah didn't know what to do. She was dying and she had to admit, she knew that it was partly his fault. Go ahead...what are you waiting for? Sarah slowly rose the cup to her now parched lips and took a sip of water. Hold on...if you feel like letting go Hold on...it gets better than you know She looked down into the water and noticed the mass amounts of blood on the sides of the cup were reflecting making the water look pink. Don't stop looking you're one step closer Don't stop searching it's not over... It was then she realised she didn't want this. She didn't want to die. \"No...\" She whispered. Hold on...if you feel like letting go The cup fell from her hands, smashing on the bathroom floor. Hold on...it gets better than you know...hold on She screamed and then she heard the banging stop and she fell backwards and felt a pair of arms catch her as she fell. Hey guys...hope you liked it. Please R & R for me. Thanks Slayya ","Summary":" Hold On This world, this world is cold She couldn't take it anymore, having to cope with it all, be"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Change","Author":"andy29","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4701561","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sarah was alone at St. Benedicts. Her friends had either stopped speaking to her, or moved away to asylums. She layed in bed thinking about the day she was about to have. \"Why do I even care? I have no friends.\" The loud knock on the door indicated it was time to get ready and head out for the bus. Even her parents stopped talking to her, they somehow found out what happened and started to ignore her most of the time. She was alone, Manon was completely absent from her life. She doubted and was an atheist now. She got up, threw on some clothes and remembered it was going to be a bit chilly, so threw on a jacket and headed out the door for the bus. By the time she got to the bus stop, she happened to look at her watch and the bus had already came. \"Thanks dad for waking me up on time.\" She said to herself, the street completely deserted, not a car in sight. She knew she had to either walk or just not go. Either was fine to her. She proceeded towards the school, the image of St. Benedicts getting more clear as she got closer, passing different allys and dumpsters. A few homeless people. It was 9:32. School had started almost an hour ago, she would never make it and it was pointless to go at this rate. So she just turned around, and started walking upward back to her house, which should be empty since her parents both leave for work before she goes to school. \"A day of TV for me.\" She thought, the image of Saved By the Bell re runs playing in her head, as she sat home alone on the couch possibly eating some junk food straight out of the bag. It was about that time she heard a loud CRASH from the allyway she had just passed. She felt hesitant to turn around and see what it was, probably a stray knocked a trash can over. She just ignored her senses and kept walking, the eery feeling of being followed filled her with temptation to just turn around. But she couldn't. She didn't know what was stopping her, but her stroll turned into a run as she ran fast to the front door of her house. She pulled her house key from her bag and quickly unlocked the door, ran inside and shut it behind her. She was safe now, from whatever it was. Looking out the window she noticed the sky was dark and cloudy now, it was sunny when she left the house. She dropped her bag on the floor and ran upstairs to her room. The day seemed to go by fast. She watched TV until her step mom came home, asking why she didn't go to school for the 12th time. She was failing anyway, so it didn't matter. After dinner she went to bed and had scattered dreams of a man in a black coat trying to kill her. It wasn't unusual to her. She's had worse nightmares before. The next day she got up and this time, made it to the bus. She sat on an empty seat and got out at the school. It was crowded with loud preppy kids talking about parties, and singing pop songs. Everything that WASN'T her. She just walked inside to her first class. \"Hi, Sarah.\" A soft voice spoke. She turned around and almost screamed to see Bonnie. \"Bonnie. Wow. Where have you been? I haven't seen you in... wow.\" \"I've been with my mom. She's having heart problems, I don't want to leave her home by herself.\" She said, starring at different places other than me, it was always awkward talking to her. \"That's not good. Uh, are you still, well?\" I tried to say, I didn't want to make it obvious I was talking about witchcraft. \"Yes, and I will forever, Sarah.\" They walked together to their first class, which they both had together. Sarah sighed as she entered the crowded room, everyone starring at her as she sat down. Everything went back to normal and everyone ignored her as usual when she sat down. Nothing left to do but procrastinate and day dream, Bonnie all the way across the room, possibly doing the same. It was when she pulled her binder from her bag, she felt her heart drop to her stomach. It was her. Nancy. Walking through the door, dressed in all black, and the same wicked smile she always sported before. \"I thought I took care of her!\" She thought, Nancy taking the desk RIGHT beside of her. She didn't know what to do. A dark haired girl, who possibly wanted to kill her, sat right beside her as she just starred straight ahead. She tried to ignore her prescence, but it was just too powerful. As the teacher taught about equations, she finally turned to her left. \"Hello, Nancy.\" She said in a whisper. \"Sarah. Don't try to be my friend.\" Hit Sarah's ears as she starred straight ahead, at the chalk board. \"I'm not trying to be. You sat beside me, Nancy.\" She didn't want this to turn into some childish argument, so she shut up until the bell rang, ignoring Nancy's threats and promises both. Sarah went to the bathroom, the late bell had rang while she was there, so she was the only one in the quiet, empty hall leaving the bathroom. She was jerked and a knife was put to her kneck, thrown against a locker. \"I don't need magick to kill you, you know. I can cut your fucking heart out right here and leave it out in the hall, with your pathetic body.\" The knife dug deep until blood began to surface. She was going to die, and she knew it. The only thing left was to scream. But she couldn't seem to make any noise, any noise at all. She coughed as more blood slid down her throat, onto her white and black uniform. Oh god, she was going to die. She was just standing there, getting cut and didn't even fight. She couldn't. Nancy had full control over her, trying to move she only stood still. As if paralyzed. More and more blood fell to the floor, tears running down her face. It was all quiet. Everything. The sheer torment of being murdered was so silent and almost serene. The hallway became black. Her vision darkened as she fell to the floor. \"Am I dead?\" She thought. ","Summary":" Sarah was alone at St. Benedicts. Her friends had either stopped speaking to her, or moved away to "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Learnin' to Fly","Author":"Nightcrawlerlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8296650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey there, my fellow readers and writers. I hope you are well. Here's a new Craft oneshot I cooked up one day. I was watching one of my favorite parts of The Craft with Nancy Downs in it, and I got to wondering what Nancy's thoughts were in the scene where she's sitting in front of her altar. So this is what I came up with. Hope you like it! :) Disclaimer: The geniuses at Columbia Pictures own the film The Craft. The lyrics to Boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day at the beginning of this oneshot belong to their respective owners. I own the songfics, oneshots, crossovers and poems I cook up from time to time. Learnin' to Fly I walk a lonely road, The only one that I have ever known Don't know where it goes, But it's home to me and I walk alone I walk this empty street On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams When the city sleeps And I'm the only one and I walk alone I walk alone I walk alone I walk alone I walk a... My shadow's the only one that walks beside me My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me 'til then I walk alone Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, aaah-ah, Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah I'm walking down the line That divides me somewhere in my mind On the border line Of the edge and where I walk alone Read between the lines What's fucked up when everything's all right Check my vital signs To know I'm still alive and I walk alone I walk alone I walk alone I walk alone I walk a... My shadow's the only one that walks beside me My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me 'til then I walk alone Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, aaah-ah Ah-ah, ah-ah I walk alone I walk a... I walk this empty street On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams When the city sleeps And I'm the only one and I walk a... My shadow's the only one that walks beside me My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me 'til then I walk alone... -Green Day, Boulevard of Broken Dreams Nancy sat in front of her altar, mulling over some things in her mind. Her mind was different from all those other girls – the snobby bleach blonde girls who had money to spare, like that mean girl Laura Lizzie, who would taunt Rochelle for having dark skin every chance she got – at St. Bernard's Academy. She knew that they couldn't hold a candle to her academically. But then again, everyone's mind was different in some ways and the same in others. People's minds did work in strange and/or odd ways from time to time, after all. They – Nancy, Rochelle, Bonnie and Sarah – were friends, and that was all that mattered. Well, it mattered to Sarah, Rochelle and Bonnie, though. But Nancy, however, didn't see it that way at all. She saw it differently. She felt that she deserved better – a new life, more than enough money to spare and never wanting to go back to being labeled as \"poor white trash\" – ever again. A new life was indeed for her. Well, I hope you liked reading this as much as I did writing it. After all, feedback, especially the nice kind, sure is helpful, and it helps me to write more, too. ~Nightcrawlerlover ","Summary":" Hey there, my fellow readers and writers. I hope you are well. Here's a new Craft oneshot I cooked "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Witch's Skin","Author":"thelouringlady","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9139656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: For Femslash February. Loosely based this fic on the last lines of Margaret Atwood's \"Helen of Troy Does Countertop Dancing.\" The plan of this series is that there will be around two or so more parts, with pairings being Bonnie/Rochelle and Nancy/Sarah Bailey. Basically this is my response (and cure) to the misogynistic second act of the film. I hope you enjoy it. If you have any constructive criticism, feel free to tell me so. :) Acknowledgments: threeoranges of Tumblr was sweet enough to offer to beta read this for me. Couldn't have done it without her encouragement. If there are any mistakes, those are of my own doing. When Bonnie had those scars, she would insist that the lights be out whenever she and Rochelle made love (and how Rochelle liked to tease Bonnie about that phrase, \"Make love? Are we a historical romance book? Do I get to be lord of the castle or am I maiden that will shatter his icy exterior with my tempting virgin body?\") And even then, Bonnie still insisted on doing it under the blankets. Rochelle never did tell her that she liked how her scars felt as they pressed against her skin; she never told her that she felt her scars told a story. She never said anything because she knew how Bonnie would respond-she would get quiet, then laugh nervously, she would even make a joke. What Rochelle felt, she refused to be laughed at about. Rochelle felt too much for that to happen. When Bonnie lost her scars, as soon as that happened, she wore less. Shirts that bared a pale strip of her belly, short sleeves or no sleeves at all, skirts short enough they barely followed school code, and her mother supported her. Maybe in some other life, Bonnie's mother would have put her foot down at how her daughter dressed but it was in this life that Bonnie's mother got just how important the clothes were for her, the same way she got that Rochelle was important to her, even as mother and daughter still walked on eggshells around that topic. The only thing Bonnie's mother ever got after her for was to just put sunscreen every time she went out (\"And plenty of it, the doctor says your skin is still very sensitive. Just be careful, sweetheart.\") Another effect of her nowadays-smooth skin was just how she was with Rochelle. She initiated contact more; she stopped asking for the lights to be off and to do it under the sheets. She even started communicating more, whispering into Rochelle's ear as they had sex (\"That's good, you look so beautiful, keep fucking my hand like that, you are so beautiful. No one gets to touch you like me. No one.\") One morning, Bonnie woke up before Rochelle did. She shrugged on a bathrobe over her naked form, swinging her legs over the bedside before standing up to loosely tie it up. Bonnie walked out to the window and looked out. It was raining and Los Angeles never looked so quiet, so beautiful. And even then, it still thrummed with something like arterial blood. Bonnie's mouth parted slightly as she pressed her hand against the cold glass. Bonnie heard a sigh and looked back to the bed where she was met with Rochelle's back. Bonnie took in the curved plane of brown skin, Rochelle's rich curls, and the sideswell of her breast as she bunched her shoulders and shifted in her sleep, the slight tuft of dark hair at her underarm . Bonnie felt warm and light, like the crack and spit of fire in a hearth, as she took in Rochelle's form. She was hers, Bonnie thought with pleasure thrumming through her like the magic of Los Angeles. Mine. Only mine. No one touches her but me. The window glass cracked beneath Bonnie's fingers from the last thought. She didn't notice that. Only Rochelle in sleep. ","Summary":" Author's Note: For Femslash February. Loosely based this fic on the last lines of Margaret Atwood's"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Jerk!","Author":"Su Kaimu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/967532","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I have no ownership to any movies,rnand this includes ' The Craft ","Summary":" I have no ownership to any movies,rnand this includes ' The Craft"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Trickey and Wordplay","Author":"VirginRealities","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2637811","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Are you up to your old tricks? What you miss is what you bleed What you want and what you need What was truth and what was fiction What came with ease and what with friction What she said and what she meant What was received and what was sent What was lost and what was gained We looked for him and there he came Nothing in this life is free Darling you just wait and see One door closes and one more opens All you have to do is show them. There's still time for your old tricks. ","Summary":" Are you up to your old tricks? What you miss is what you bleed What you want and what you need What"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Suddenly Sarah","Author":"BlackOrchid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1982991","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Suddenly, Sarah by Black Orchid Part One Nancy sat across the white circular lunch table from Sarah, instructing her in the finer points of altar-making in earnest. Though she was a nasty little wise-ass most of the time, an intellectual seriousness took ahold of the girl when it came to magick. She considered it a sacred duty to transmit the ancient wisdom...she also held on to her knowledge a bit greedily. She just didn't want the competition. So why was she teaching this mousy goody-goody rich girl the Secrets? \"So...you just leave the candles burning like that all night? Wouldn't that be a fire-hazard? What if a spark shot out and...\" Nancy ran her fingers through her short black hair in exasperation. She's so pathetic! What a cry-baby! \"Nothing is going to happen, Sarah! You just let them burn, people have been doing this for centuries!\" Sarah looked down at the white table-top, the tips of her light brown hair skimming the surface. \"You know, you don't have to yell, Nancy. I'm not a total idiot, ok? You don't need to raise your voice.\" Nancy blanched at Sarah's words. Her first feeling was that she didn't do anything wrong...but deep-down, she knew. She knew she could be harsh. But normally, she just didn't care. If Bonnie or Rochelle was offended, she'd just give them the option of getting out of her face. She didn't need them. She didn't need anybody. So why was she so concerned about what Sarah thought? Why was she so afraid she'd leave the circle? The petite dark-haired girl tried to soften her expression; it made her look like she stubbed her toe. \"I'm...sorry, Sarah,\" she said in her rough-hewn smoker's voice. \"It's just that I want to teach you this right. I need you to listen to me, that's all...and to trust me. You're not a total idiot.\" Sarah looked up into Nancy's ice-blue eyes & wrinkled her brow. \"Oh, thanks...\" \"Really, the candle thing is perfectly safe...the way the altar is set up, there's nothing to worry about. If you saw the one I had at home...I should take some pictures for you...\" Sarah's expression suddenly brightened in interest. \"Why don't you just show me?\" \"Huh?\" \"You know, I could come over your house and...\" Nancy shook her head emphatically. \"Nooo way. I just don't do the whole visiting thing.\" \"But you've gone over all our houses...hasn't Bonnie & Roch...\" Nancy fiddled nervously in her black leather bag for a cigarette. \"No!\" She became conscious of her voice raising, and deliberately tried to soften it. \"No...they haven't, and it's cool with them. It's not much of a house, anyway.\" \"I don't care about that...I mean, who cares? I just thought...\" \"Look, why do you care so much anyway? You can see me all you want here at school...why do you need to come over my house?\" Sarah began closing the binder & textbooks she had scattered over the table. \"Fine...fine, no problem.\" Oh, crap, Nancy thought, rolling her eyes. Little miss cry-baby is offended again... She finally produced a cigarette from her bag but it was bent in the middle. What was the big deal, anyway? Yeah, her mom & step-dad would probably embarrass the heck out of her but...this was just Sarah. If Sarah didn't like it or said some snide comment, she'd just cut her off, cut her out of the circle. Big deal, right? \"All right, Sarah,\" Nancy said impatiently, taking a big draw of breath. \"How about after school today? You wait for me by the Mary mural and then we'll go.\" Sarah smiled at her. \"Great! It'll be fun...\" Yeah, a regular riot, Nancy muttered to herself, picturing the trailer slum that was her shelter. Part Two Sarah didn't complain during the harrowing bus trip through the \"bad side of town,\" nor did she make a peep of discontent as they walked the 5 blocks to Nancy's house. This really surprised the raven-haired witch. Most of the rich girls at school would have been horrified at stooping so low. Well, that's Sarah for you–a goody-goody. The girls walked past a rusty chain-link fence down a path that led to the trailer. It was permanently fixed to the property, and a make-shift \"porch\" greeted them as they approached the door. Nancy made a motion to Sarah to stand back a bit as she opened the door. \"Let me handle this. If it's not the Chinese food delivery or Stan's pot connection, they don't know how to deal.\" Nancy opened the door with a bang and yelled out into the dark space: \"Mom!! I have company! Ok? I have someone coming over!\" A tipsy bottle-blond wearing nothing but a kitty T-shirt stumbled into Sarah's view. \"What? Who you having over? Is it a boy?\" Nancy put on a stone face and tried to ignore the humiliation she felt. Her mother was a total wasteoid. \"It's a friend. I'm just having a girl from school visit. Briefly.\" Nancy noticed that Sarah still stood right outside the front door. Instinctually she grabbed her hand to pull her inside. Nancy felt something strange inside her as she touched the taller girl's palm, like a flush of heat. \"Sarah, Mom. Mom, Sarah.\" Nancy's mom's face broadened in a drunken congeniality. \"Well, that's great...we could all hang out, I could make some popcorn...Stan's out today & I was just so bor...\" Nancy literally dragged Sarah into her room & slammed the door. Sarah took in the sights of Nancy's room with curiosity. It was a small room–there was a bathroom in her house that was almost bigger–but it was packed to the gills with...Nancyness. A purple tapestry with a Celtic pattern was pinned above Nancy's bed, which was covered with several bunched-up layers of mismatched sheets & quilts. On the ceiling was pinned a mobile of stars made out of shiny mylar. Nancy's Goth accouterments--black rosaries, silver jewelry, and sheer black clothing–were spread all over a small glass tabletop & the floor. But what most caught Sarah's eye was the altar. It was like the set-ups the 4 girls did when they practiced magick...only this was a lot more personal. A bit darker. Totally Nancy. A small desk was covered in crystals, jewelry, leaves, shells, ribbons, a clay pentacle, an athame, an incense holder, and several candles. The two candles that especially caught her eye were the ones shaped as little people...a red one and a green one. They never used candles like that before. Above the altar was a mural, containing images of powerful women–snake-handlers, sorceresses, valkyries. There was some darker things too...pictures of Marilyn Manson, skulls, vampires. But Sarah didn't think too much about it...Nancy was always a bit wilder than the rest of the girls. Yeah, I guess it was a little scary, but... Nancy took off her black PVC jacket and tossed it on a chair carelessly. \"So this is Buckingham Palace. Like it?\" Sarah nodded her head, at first tentatively, then much more assured. \"Yeah...I like it. I do...\" \"Stop your lying; I'm a big girl, Sarah...\" \"No, Nancy–I like it. It's full of energy & creativity...and your altar! It's really powerful, Nancy...\" Nancy softened her features, this time for real. \"Really? Can you feel the power?\" \"Definitely. It's a power magnet.\" Nancy looked at the altar with pride and walked over to it. She took a lighter out of a drawer in the desk & lighted the two human-candles. \"See? It'll just burn like this. Just let it burn out. Nothing will happen.\" \"You sure you want to ruin those candles? Aren't they more expensive than regular ones?\" Nancy let out a deep chuckle. \"Yeah, like I actually PAID for these..\" The two girls sat at the edge of the bed and watched the candles burn, the flames casting a weirdly beautiful light on the crystals. They must have sat that way for almost a half-an-hour. Sarah spoke. \"This is...kinda weird, isn't it?\" \"Huh?\" \"This.\" Sarah put her hand atop Nancy's. A shudder of heat & electricity flexed through the two hands. Nancy cleared her throat. \"Well, you know...they say that Sisters...when they form the circle...they form a bond...it's like magick....\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah...we're connected...through the magick. What we just felt: it's magick, Sarah. That's what it is. Pure magick.\" Part Three Sarah woke up to the acrid smell of smoke. She shoved Nancy hard against the shoulder. \"Nancy!\" \"Wha–why're you hitting me?\" \"The altar–it's on fire!\" ","Summary":" Suddenly, Sarah by Black Orchid Part One Nancy sat across the white circular lunch table from Sarah"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"How Sarah Got Her Groove Back","Author":"alias2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/587041","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How Sarah Got Her Groove Back, A short short short story After Nancy went insane and Rochelle and Bonnie bailed, Sarah foundrnherself all alone in St. Benedict High. She wanted so much to joinrnup with like-minded individuals. Then one day she found an ad inrnher local New Age free newspaper for a Wicca group. Wicca, what'srnthat, she wondered? I mean, she had tried generic witchcraft withrnher former friends but never really tried that Wicca stuff. It soundedrnnice, Wicca--kind of like a Sarah MacLachlan song, \"oooo, wicca, I hardlyrnknew you...\" So she showed up one evening after school at the local YWCA for thernWicca meet. There were many girls there her age, and she felt confidentrnthat she could connect and *finally* find a bunch of sane individuals torndiscuss magick with. But to her surprise the girls there scoffed at her claims of magickrnthat she and Nancy, Bonnie, and Rochelle performed. They said shernreally couldn't be a witch because she had used magick to her selfish benefitrnrather than being in harmony with the universe (like a REAL witch wouldrndo). \"B-but what about the glamours I performed? The spells I madernto save my life...\" The head Wiccan at the group said: \"They must not have happened at all--becausernyou were not a true Wiccan. And if they did happen, it must havernmeant that you were practicing Satanism or something, because all who dornnot follow the true Wiccan path must be devotees of black magic.\" \"How can you say that?\" Sarah asked. \"How can you judge me like that? rnHow can you define what a true witch is or isn't?\" The head Wiccan responded: \"Wiccans are the only true, good witches. rnEverybody else are either poseurs or devotees of the left-hand-path.\" The other Wiccans in the group responded by saying : \"Yeah!\" And \"BlessedrnBe!\" \"This is insane!\" Sarah said, \"I know I am a witch!\" \"You can only become a true witch if you study with us and memorizernMarion Weinstein's Positive Magic book by heart!\" \"Screw you guys, I'm going home!\" Sarah bellowed. But she didn't go home. Instead, she headed straight for the insanernasylum Nancy was kept, and broke down the doors using her telekinesis.rnNancy was mighty surprised to see her. \"What...what are YOU doing here,\" Nancy cried, as Sarah ripped the restraintsrnoff her wrists, \"I can't take these foo-foo Loreena McKennitt sage-loving self-righteousrnWiccans anymore! I want to have fun again!\" Nancy clasped her hand into Sarah's as they headed out into the indigo-streakedrnnight: \"Sister?\" \"Sister!\" And that's how Sarah stopped being a whiny miserable self-hating witchrnand got her groove back. ","Summary":" How Sarah Got Her Groove Back, A short short short story After Nancy went insane and Rochelle and B"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft 2","Author":"bienert","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2346657","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THEnCRAFT 2 ","Summary":" THEnCRAFT 2"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Worlds of documents","Author":"Ash Cole","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2894918","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thenworld of documents. The story is thengamble, the shakes, the little rattle inside the writer's headnaching to get out, to cry to be heard, and to live. This are myndocuments for the world to open. I Story one: Everything Chen. The undergroundnrestaurant. JennifernStories's little black book. Preface ROR is a place wherenpeople go to get revenge. The restaurant serves all types of foods.nFoods, from every land, ethnicity, island and oversea continent. Itnis considered a fine delicacy of dinning in the Central Park area ofnNew York City and has been known by the most selective and highnsociety aristocrats, artistic outcasts and the slobbering rich andncream of the crop. Mostly Americana dishes. You must pay for a mealnbut the head chef does not take money. Not even a credit card willndo. You must pay with a piece of your soul. See, any single meal atnROR, any meal at all, or meals or even deserts or beverages, are notndesigned to cease hunger but to sooth the fiery pain of an afflictednand abandoned soul. It is food, with irresistible taste and craftednby hands of the most craftiest and experienced cooks in thenunderground eateries, café's and white collar restaurants ofnNew York City. For those who lack in acceptance and cry for revengenthis place will enrich your taste buds. Here is the rub: A singlenmeal at ROR has the power to disturb another's fate and has thenpower to bring about supernatural charms. That is the key at thisnfine dinning event. The rub, the goal, the catch, the key of thisndiner at this particular mystical, dark, and magical restaurant isnnot for mere pleasure but it is for the sake of preventing a chosennhated foe from achieving their simple dreams. It is a place to cast anspell, a charm, a wish lets say, that will steal another's dream.nIt may in it's own character and design, if the wish is honestnenough, severe enough and honored with all the wisher's heart,nthan, the customer eating will do the evil deed, and the plate ofnwitchery, and vengeful spell inflicting charm, will succeed over thenenemy and before the cost of it's meal is consumed, it shallnovertaking the chosen foe. Either against another or for the eater atnthe diner, it doesn't matter, the spell is cast after the forknslides from the lips of the spell caster. The food is built,ndecorated and spiced with the intention to destroy a selected enemy'sndream. That is the intent of any dish served at ROR. To destroyndreams. To smother the fire of another's desire. Once the chosennmeal is consumed, for the betrayer and hated foe, and a wish is madenagainst this chosen enemy, than the spell caster, the diner, thenenemy of the customer, his or her dreams, will slowly fade intonoblivious blue somber wash and revenge will be done and the dreamsnwill fade and forever cease from existence. For example: A customer walks innROR. Firs he or she is offered an order slip. Here is an example of norder slip at ROR. Order slip for ROR: Your enemy'sndream Your enemy'snname A piece of hair fromnyour enemy's head(Length of hair and the amountnin grams)- Entrée (Look onnmenu for your type of meal). Your relation to thendreamer. Directions to dinningnat ROR: You must consume two entrée and close your eyes andnsay your enemy's name three times in succession. Then your enemiesndream slowly will fade and he or she will freeze in a blue despair ofnemptiness and lost hopes. You must come back and eat the same entréenand it's worth, three times over in a period of one month. Afternthree months has passed. Your enemy's dream will be gone and thenfoe will slip into a blue season of sadness. The story. Jennifer Storiesnwalked into ROR. She heard rumors from other naïve witches andnspell casters that the ROR stood for the Restaurant of Revenge.nSupposedly, it was a place to cast the worst kind of revenge spellsnknown to all practicing witches. The spell of sadness and bluensomber. One of the most deadly spells in modern witchcraft. This typenof charm holds the power to empty out the soul of any believer. Andnits most harmful virtue is that it not only clears the believersnbelief but his belief in believing. Thus, it is an anti-hope spell.nIt holds the power to smother all hope from any that believes in hopenand practices hopes. Some believe there are two types of witches. Thendark witches, which dwell in the evil side of nature and the whitenwitch, the healer and enforcer of hope. The dark witches are expertsnin anti hope spells. And once hope is lost and everything dissolvesnand life becomes hopeless, heavy and exhausting. She heard about thenhopeless-spell from a novel witch and her peer Shelby Aspen. Shelbynis a private practicing witch, head of the cheerleader squad of DellnHigh. She lives in the small unknown town of Euless Texas. She wasnaccused of drowning a young boy in Grapevine lake. Supposedly, shencast a sadness spell on him from a new black magic book. At leastnthat is the rumor. But most don't believe in black magic. The youngninnocent boy was out swimming on a early July afternoon. The boy'snname was not giving to the public due to the black magic chargesnagainst Shelby. No one came up with proof that she drowned the boy,nneither did they come up with any solid evidence that Shelby was innface a witch. The little boy that drowned was the younger brother tonone of Shelby's ex boyfriends. He cheated on her with Shelby'snlittle sister and this caused her to lose her mind and her faith innGod. Thus, she turned to black magic for the sake of revenge and whatnshe would believe would become peace of mind. She could not think ofna more wicked way to get back at her ex, than by taking his youngernbrother's life. She cast the spell on the little boy on a Saturdaynearly July afternoon, when the family was having a cook out. Thenspell was a unity spell and required more than one person to takeneffect. The spell required one hair from the young boys head and twonliters of alcohol. The hair would have to be consumed by the boy'snfather in order to take effect. There was a verse to be memorized fornthe charm to take hold and it would have to be repeated over and overnunder passing of the moon before the noon of the next day. Shelbynbaby sitted occasionally for the Connors and she had plenty of chasesnto yank a single hair from the little boy's head when they were outndinning in Dallas. Shelby took the boy's hair the week before thendrowning, memorized the spell and repeated the verse six hundred andnsixty six times until the moon passed the shadow of the earth. Thenfinal aspect of the spell required the boy's father to becomendrunk. The spell could not take charge until the boy's fatherntouched his tongue to liquor and under the sight of God. This meantnin broad daylight. That is when the father could be judged and whennweakness fell upon the boy. Once the boy's father became drunk thenspell went into effect and the boy would grow very weak. So weak henwould no longer be able to swim. The boy would become embarrassed ofnhis body, of his life, of his mind and thoughts. He would becomenscrambled and the water would fell as heavy and painful as meltednlead. The drunker the father got the more the boy sunk to the bottom,nin agony. The power of the spell comes from the father of the boy.nAnd travels from his gluttony to his innocence. The boy must payndouble fold for his father's sin. Shelbynread about this unity spell in the BBM book and used it to causenagonizing grief upon Shane Connors and her boyfriends family. It isncalled a unity spell because it breaks apart a union. Such as anfamily or a couple, or a brother and sister and so on. Thatnnight before the Saturday, Shelby went into a deep sleep and did notnwake until Sunday morning, after the boy's death. She repeated thencharm until she passed out on the bed and her life fell into a deepnsleep. Saturdaynafternoon arrived. The boy's father through a match on the charcoalnand began laying out the greasy, doughy meat balls that soon wouldnbecome patties for the burgers and cook out. \"Where's the Coorsnhoney. You got a case didn't ya.\" He said as he flipped thengreasy ball over onto it's soggy side. He cracked upon the firstnbeer of the day and lit up a fresh cigarette. \"Where's the boys.\"n\"They went jet skiing.\" Mrs. Connors said as she skimmed throughnher Vanity Fair magazine. JaynConnors was not too far from the shore when his eyes began to fognover and his brow began to feel hard and cold presence of the spell.n\"My eyes feel funny.\" He told me that before he went under. Shanensaid to the reporter. Jay's older brother's hand was shaking asnhe wiped the sweat from his chin and handed the bottle of Ozarka backnto the head paramedic. \"as he jumped on the jet ski and his eyenlids sank. Than he just fell. Just fell.\" It was as if a two giantnanchors hung around his ankles. \"He just fell under the water andnthat was the last I saw him.\" Shane said to the reporters ofnChannel Eleven news. Jay'sneye lids began to close and he didn't even have the strength ofnlife in him. It was as if someone blew his candles out. It felt as ifnmud had been caked over them and when Jay did open his eyes he sawnnothing but a green watery world with long rays of silver whitenlightning and undulating arms of green seaweed and pointy limbs fromnthe skeleton of dead soaked trees. A slimy piece of bark slid up thenboy's pants and he tried to let out a scream. He became wedgednbetween to tree limbs. The boy looked up and saw his brother's jetnski fish tail overhead. Then, the motor whispered off and the Honda'snjet engine quieted. His brother dove after his little brother. \"Henjust vanished. Just like that.\" Into the water and a fleet ofndancing bubbles arose and sparkled off his strong frame as he paddledndeeper to the edge of the dead musk trees that lie underneath the topnof the water and level with the gasping Jay. It was too late. Waternhad saturated Jay's lungs and the youngest Conner had turned anfaint azure. All was lost. Despair arose as a small smile formed fromnthe lips of the sleeping Shelby. Thenspell rapped it's dark watery hands around the boy's body andndrug him to the bottom where the deep, muddy soil enveloped him tonhis knees, water filled his lungs as he screamed to the heavens tonlet him up for air, but it was too late. Nothing could stop the silkynskin of the soil to eat him up. To the bottom of the lake he fell,nand the dreamy unknown seduction of a drowned death tucked him tonblissful sleep. Supposedly, according to cheerleader squad at DellnHigh School in 2000, Shelby was as deadly as sin and as knowledgenfilled in witchery as the devil himself. She began practicingnwitchcraft at the age of six year old and hasn't stop to this day.nShe was known as a practiced witch and an expert in modern witchcraftnand charms in her neighborhood of Witches, Stone Hollow. Shelby hadnfound out about ROR from a modern black Book of Black Magic boughtnfrom a contemporary witch's book shop under the three layers ofnsoil in Central Park. To get there you had to find the trap door.nSome say it is behind a giant man made rock perfectly designed tonmimic God's hand and a natural landscape. That is where the booknwas found, under a rock, beneath a trap door and in small undergroundnoak wood, book store beneath the soil of Central Park. Many don'tnbelieve it exists, but there is no way to find it with out thencoven's map and the secrete words. Later, a photo copy of BBM wasnshipped to a black magic book shop in East Texas and a full copy withnbinding was shipped to the a rare book store in Dallas. A home ofnwitches, vampires and warlocks. Not far from the home of SissynSpacek, was shelved a copy of the spell, but it was bought up by anyoung kid dabbling in black magic. He was later found by a creek withnhis heart laying on his chest and in the center of a bloodynpentagram. The first time, Shelby laid hands on the BBM book was innthe winter of 1999. Just before the millennium and a the first newnmoon of that year. She began studying it like a master scholar andnnever put it down until every charm and spell was memorized. Hernfavorite was the cat pee spell witch caused men to fall in love withnher. The spell required her to rub cat urine on her hands and a mannin his full maturity would fall head over heels for her. Innthe index, Shelby turned to the single word Revenge. It revealed twonchapters on the topic. Pages 334 for Revenge Charms. And pages 339nfor Revenge Spells. Then, in indention it listed ROR on page 337. Innthe BBM, first edition, which has only two prints left in the worldnthere was listed two chapters on revenge, two chapters on love andnthree chapters on weight loss, beauty and lust. There is only onencopy of BBM in the world: one copy lies in a great wall of books innManhattan's finest Rare Book store in Upper East Side, and ofncoarse there is a duplicate, not even the finest rare book appraiserncan tell it apart from the original and it was sent to the Rare BooknStore in Dallas Texas near the Quandrangle and Theatre three. Thenmain coven has sent it there for protection and security. The pricenof the book was 500,559.99 $. Shelby bought on a fluke. She couldnspare the money being that her father was the vice president to Mobilnoil. She was up at a writer's camp in Gambier, Ohio when she heardnthere was a copy in Dallas going for around five hundred grand.nShelby had three hundred thousand in her college fund back in earlynnineties. She withdrew the money from the account and put it innstocks in bonds for Home Depot and Pepsicoe. Her three hundrednthousand, now, is up to four million and she didn't even have toncast a fortune spell neither. Whatnmakes the new, and modern BBM so powerful is that it can conquer thencharm of love. And supposedly, according to literature and wisensayings, LOVE conquers all. But not according to the BBM. That isnwhat makes it so worthy, mysteries and darkly magical. It has thenpower to beat love. The most new and approved composed book that cannconquer the most good and pure thing ever created. The finest modernnwitches, of science and witchcraft are all after it's black skinnednand leathered bindings. It is the greatest book of spells ever knownnto modern day. The book and it's spells and charms can sometimes,nif the spell is cast by the most dark and evil witch can make love gonsour and can make the lover turn to disbelieving in the worth of lovenand even happiness. Supposedly the book can withstand a blue flame ofnfire and the hottest refinery ovens ever created. It is nearnimpossible to rip the pages from the spine or open with out thenproper skeleton key. Hanging out with the Amish and buying lard pies was not her favoritenthing to do at the writing camp of Gambier, Ohio. She wanted tonpurchase the book to play a joke on her overly religious mother andnto cast a few spells. Just to see if they'd work. Supposedly, allnthe spells where modern day and not many novel witches had possessednthem. Shelby gave the book away to Stories a year ago for a merenfifty dollars. There was something about the book that she could notnhandle. If you had the book for too long it became a curse and thenonly way to rid the curse was to pass the book on. Jennifer turned the calendar to June. It was June First 2003. Shencircled the number one on the calendar box and began to plan her tripnto ROR. ROR was not located on ground. Meaning it was not anrestaurant above ground. It was underground. Thus, it was hard tonfind. The devil was currently franchising the restaurant and thinkingnof starting a café called Café of Colds. The manager ofnthe Northern ROR was named Shekrweed. Mr. Shekrweed is what mostncalled him. It was pronounced Shek- rah- weed. Shekrweed didn'tnlet anyone attend a dinning. First of all you had to be a virgin.nJennifer was. Second you had to doubt God existence. Jennifer did atntimes. She fell out of faith like Thomas-thus she was allowednadmittance. Thirdly, she had to carry a lock of her enemies head in ansilk blacken purse. The purse could be purchased at a BBM store.nAlso, Jennifer had to be ten pounds under her natural body weight. Part two Jennifer's body.nJennifer was not extremely obese. She weight around 117 pounds andnwas about five nine. This was normal for a girl in high school, innher district. The loss of ten pounds would be a bitch. She decided tonlose it by taking cardio Kick boxing on Saturday morning and take upnjogging Monday, Wednesday and Fridays. She would only eat fish,ntropic fruits and Maza Crackers (Light weight crackers. 5 carbs fornRDA. 10 calories per serving. Ten crackers a serving.) It was a verynlight weight diet cracker. Special made by BBM. Jen would eat thencrackers for lunch. The fruit for breakfast and fish at night. MostlynSalmon and Mahi Mahi. After four weeks she lost over six pounds. Thendiet worked. And she ate the same thing every day. After a month andna half she was ready to write Shrekrweed a formal leader. He, or it,nwould return a invitation to dine—if the revenge was valid and hernheart was full of hate toward her chosen, single enemy. Jennifer wasnmad at her ex boyfriend. Samson Waterston. Sam Waterston was sixnfeet, one hundred and fifty pounds and pure muscle. He was the starnof Dell Highschool's Gymnastic team. He cheated on her withnShelby's little sister Ashly. Ashly was just entering her Freshmannyear at Dell. Sam was approaching graduation along with Shelby andnher best friend, Jennifer C. Stories. \"How much did thenBlack Magic book cost you Shel?\" Jennifer asked as she sucked onnthe tip of the BlueBell fudge pop. \"Sixty dollars, but don'tnworry about it. I don't want it back.\" \"I want to buy it fromnyou.\" Jen insisted. \"No. No. No. Don't worry about it. Keep it,nOk. Just keep it. I only bought it to trip up my Mom. I was playing anjoke on her. I kept it under my bed and dressed in black for twonmonths. Finally she found it. She confronted me about it and now Inhave to go to First Baptist Church camp this summer. She doesn'tnbelieve I'm saved yet. Your saved right Jen?\" Shel asked. Therenwas a long lull on the phone. \"Saved. Oh, Saved? No. I'mnCatholic. We go to confession.\" Shel laughed. \"What doesnconfession have to be with being saved?\" Being saved.\" Jen asked.n\"Look. Lets forget the bible sermon. Just meet me at my lockernMonday Morning, before the first bell. Be the five minutes before thenfirst bell. I'll have the sixty dollars. Cold cash. Every buck willnbe there.\" \"Ok.\" Shel continued, \"But you don't have to buynit.\" Shel retorted. The other side of the phone line went dead.n\"Jen. Hey. Jennifer. You there? Hello.\" No one was on the othernend. The pone speaker made a clicking sound. Then, the constantnannoying chimed screamed reh, reh, reh, rhe. . . over and over again.nShe was disconnected from Jen's private teen line. The phone keptn\" rehing .\" You now that noise when your disconnected andnthe phone line is no longer attached to the other party. The typenthat it makes when the phone has been unconnected on a line for toonlong. Jen had hung up and moved on with her plan to make it to ROR.nShe was going to get revenge on Sam Waterston if it cost her hernlife. She meant business this time. She wanted to buy the book fornthe full sale price. She felt it would not of worked if she didn'tnpay for it. That Monday morning arrived. Jen was there. 7:55 am. Fivenminutes before the first bell.\" Jens Diary. Thatnnight. Samnis going to hell. There is no doubt about it. There are. Here is anlist of things he has done to me: madenme jack him off—four times in one night. hadnsex with me 10 tens in one night. usednk y jelly because I was going raw. samnsam sam. Sex sex sex. Only thing on his mind. he'snmean. henused a vibrator on my clit. The back mucle massage kind. Energizernbrand. henwas mean to my gerbil hendidn't kiss me goodby when he went to gymnastic camp in ohio. henhasn't said he loves me in over two months and he told me, \"Inlove you forever.\" Revengenwill be sweet. Sweet as American pie. Thatnnight Jen wrote a poem on her memo pad. It was the following: And we all end. Andntoday was the day I was born and died. And forever is onlynunder and above every pillow. As fake as the EasternBunny and as mythical as the Resurrection. May Water and sunsnburn to oblivion. May Waterston understand My vengeance. She had a dream thatnnight. She had arrived in the Mountain regions of Ohio with a smallnsuitcase and a women's business suite. Gambier was near a large,nfamous river. According to ancient myths the river could tell yournfuture and your past, and it flowed over one of the most powerful dennof one third of the fallen ones. Gambier's best College was Kenyon.nSupposedly above one of the gates of hell. Kenyon was Paul Newman'snalumni and Ala Mater and a place where he studied his craft as anyoung man. Rumor had it, around campus, the Star, back in his day,ncould freestyle up to seventy laps in the Olympic sized pool dug nearnthe Gym, and after a fresh breath, raise his head above water, swimnto the side and raise to his underwater toes and quote a line or twonfrom the classic Bard, literally birthed during the Renaissance era,nand while barely out of wind. The Kenyon site was beautiful indeed.nIt had rolling grassy hills, wooded walking trails, shrubberyndrenched cottages, evergreens planted along the rusty bricknbuildings, and a small old town, with health food grocery store, cafénand bookstore, that looked like something from a ginger man cartoonnbook. The surrounding scenery basically held true and belonged in thenmovie A River Run's Through It. The dorms, small two levelncottages, that shared four rooms, den, and kitchenette, where locatednin a wooded alcove surrounded by evergreen and tall oaks. There werentwo summer camps held for artist and artiste alike. The camps hadnbeen going on since forever. The first was made as a writer's camp.nThe second camp was designed for mimes, clowns and pantomimes, butnwelcomed any type of performer. Each camp was held at Kenyon and bothnwhere adjacent to one another. Among all the festivities therenremained a healthy and thriving Amish community. Near the camp, thencommunity sold lard desert pies, lard muffins, Amish style brownies,nbibles, apple soap, candlesticks, broomsticks, wicker furniture, woodnworks and other Amish crafts. The Amish children where not allowed tonwear buttons or anything shiny. This was disrespectful to their Godnand so was looking at yourself in a mirror. Thus, they always turnedntheir backs if a glass door fell shut before them. Their clothing wasnworn dull and the men had long brown beards and swelling bellies.nSome of the women seemed slim in figure but most of their bodies werencovered in long, thick dresses that reached ankle in length. Thenwomen styled their pretty golden hair in ponytails or braids and mostnof the time pinned up in funny cloth hats. Ohio, Gambier did not seemnlike a place of witchery. Nor did the small community surroundednKenyon. But, nevertheless, it was invested with crafty works. Thenmime camp was the most popular. It mostly trained clowns, but a fewnactors, gymnast, dancers and writers participated in order to helpnthem see, or experience, how a story unfolds and how the bodynexpresses creativity in action. The actors learned more about thenbody and how it functions in movement. The Gymnast learn how to breakndown sections of the torso, and lower body. This helps them tumblenmore efficiently and it helps their floor work. The clowns learn hownto better communicate their thoughts with their bodies and thenessence of comedy. The writers learn the process of how a story isntold with merely the body and not just the tongue. Most writers,nplaywrights and screenwriters learn only how to tell a tale withnwords. They only taught themselves with words. The great writersnlearn how to tell tales with every aspect of earth, body, mind andnsoul. They learn with experience not with mere spelling andngramertek. Great writers start with the toes and work the way to thentongue. And finally ending their training with a purging of the solenor soul. Jen was thinking about taking on the word. But she wanted tonvisit Kenyon and the mime camp, initially, before beginning her firstnnovel. Educated or rogue style it did not matter. Literature or fromnthe hip, she still wanted to explore every aspect of the body. Thatnmust be her reason for her fascination with Waterston and hisngymnastics. She wanted to study the mimes and their movements andnmost importantly to experience the life of a pantomime and actor.nMany actors went to the camp to improve the understandings ofnsemantics. I wonder if Waterston is interesting in the craft. Shenthought as the plane passed into a thick white cloud of swirling intongray. Jennifer Stories awokenat three thirty three AM. She went to her black magic Book. Shenrubbed her index finger over initial's BBM. \"on the cover.\" Shenthought about her dreams and her desire the always remain pretty andnyoung. The witch book was entitled BBM. \"so no one would know whatnthe book was about.\" She enrolled at Ting's Cardio Kick Boxingnschool a few weeks before the flight to Ohio. It took her two weeksnto drop the ten pounds after joining class. Once she got the weightnoff she became obsessed. She put three pounds back on by hogging downnHagan Daas Rocky Road and chocolate covered nutty M & M Sundaynice cream bars from Brahms. She was at one hundred and seven.n\"Beautiful.\" Jen said as she pulled her hair back and admired hernfirm breast in the vanity mirror. She wiped a tad of chocolate fromnher upper lip and washed her face with Witch Hazel and Oatmeal cream.nShe sent Ting a Thank You card three days before lift off. She sleptnwith him after dining at a Thai's Room. It was nice petitenrestaurant on the rich side of Arlington. She only got tipsy from thenSakie and Ting paid for the motel's cost. They got a single room onnground level near the baby aqua pool and game room. She fucked himnwith a sheepskin and sucked him off twice. \"For payment sir.\" Jennsaid on her knees as he rained his sperm on her hollow cheeks andnscreamed, \"Bonziiiiii.\" A few nights later she got back on thenscale. One hundred and three. . .weeeee. Innow weight one hundred and three pounds. Tomorrow I take a flightnfrom DFW to Ohio and a bus to Gambier and a private limo to Kenyon.nThere I will cast the spell and open the fifth gate. Thatnevening, after this particular journal entry, Jen hopped an AirporternShuttle and took flight with American Airlines. She was sat alone innE11 business class. \"There better than first class Shel. And theynserve free cocktails. I'm already tipsy on my second screwdriver.nOj and vodka. Do you understand this shit?\" \"I know what a screwndriver is. What the hell are you doing on an Airplane.\" Shelbynasked skimming through the leather bound King James version, hernmother bought her on her twelfth birthday on a hot summer eve atnBarnes and Nobles near the mall after taking her to view theirnseventh Harrison Ford feature. It was the third sequel to ThenFugitive. \"Well, I'm going to get Waterston back. That dicknweed.\" \"What?\" Shelby turned to Chronicles 6 Descendants ofnLevi. She had to read it and turn in a one page paper about thenverse, to her bible study teacher. \"Look. I have to go. Its toonlate for me to talk and I can't afford to get grounded. Dad willneven make me quit the cell stand at the mall and I'm saving for annew car. Look Jen. I'm worried about you. People said you've lostntoo much weight, and you don't go to mass anymore, and the squad isnsaying that you're acting funny. Don't do this for Wasterson. Hisna jock dick. Your smarter than he is. . .you better in many aspects,ncome on, you scored what like a thousand points higher on the SAT's.nDon't let him do this to you.\" Jen sipped on the OJ and vodka mixnand peered out the tiny, round like window. It looks like an amoeba.nShe thought. She sighed and whispered, \"These screwdriver arenmaking me dizzy.\" Then, Jen retorted, \"Look. Wasterson needsnrevenge. Do you know who he last had suck his dick?\" \"Who?\"nShelby asked closing the good book. \"Suzy.\" \"Suzy Felp. NOnWAY.\" \"Nope.\" Shelby removed her book mark from the blacknleather covered book, took a long patient breath, and read the top ofnthe colorful book marker which was entitled with the letter KEYS.n\"Susan Keys.\" She dropped her family made book marker on top ofnthe gold letters that read BIBLE. \"But that's my sis. . .ter.\"nShelby wiped the slobber from her lip and fell backwards off her bed.nShe had zoned out completely and utterly. \"Your telling me thatnyour ex boyfriend cheated on you with my little sister. SHE'S ONLYnA FRESHMAN. THAT DICK HEAD. I'LL HAVE HIM KILLED.\" Jen's cellnline began to break up and fizzle out. \"Your sketching on me Felps.nListen don't worry about that. I got to go. Tell Suzy I'm sorrynfor telling on her. And Wasterson, is going to meet his match. Thatnboy ain't messing around no more. By girl.\" Flight 347 landed atnaround eleven am central time. \"Columbus, Ohio.\" Jen whispered asnshe changed her battery pack to her Cingular cellular. It wasn'tnlong, of coarse, after napping on the Grey Hound, sipping on beer innthe private limo. \"Did you know Limos are cheaper than Taxi, fromnthe Grey Hound station.\" She informed the driver. \"Yes. I knewnthat.\" He said adjusted his pearl earring. \"What do you do in thenmean time.\" \"I'm studding mime at Kenyon.\" \"OOOOHH. MY GOD.nI love mimes. Do you guys really, write, sing, dance and do it allnlike actors.\" \"Were better than those Jacks.\" The driver saidnstraightening up to erect stature in the car, as he rolled back thensun roof. \"Oh yes we ear.\" \"Whats your name?\" \"Dean is whatnthey call me. I use to work on shipping docs and load stuff. Now, Inmime and drive limos. What's your name?\" Dead asked Jen. \"Incan't give that to you. I don't know you.\" It wasn't longnuntil he pulled off the road and jumped in the back. He finished hernbeer for her, unzipped her 501 levis and penetrated. He was overnseven inches long. She came and lurched her tongue toward the nightnsky. \"YES.\" Dean said as he finished. She barely grunted as shencame and wiggled her way into her pants. He dropped her off at thendorms at Kenyon at around six Am. \"I'm going to join a writer'sncamp for the summer Dean. That's why I came here.\" She was lying.nReally she was going to cast the spell and warp to ROR and eat hernvengeful meal for the intention of destroying Wasterson currentnsuccess. \"He'll never roll again.\" She said as she walked awaynfrom the limo and watched the red break lights appear and disappear.nThe limo made it's way onto a winding road and vanished behind anrow of cedars. She didn't see one Amish man and she never saw anmime. Supposedly they only come around near the fourth of July. Rumornaround town had it they participated in a fourth of July parade. Thenname of the group was the Invisible People. No one ever saw themnunless. . .She forgot the myth, but the Invisible People were veryndifficult to find. They where private artiste and mimes supported bynprivate business and rich foundations. Night had come. She would makenit to the ancient bridge near the railroad. Supposedly, the bridgenwas initially built by Native's but torn down in the late 1890's.nThe new Railroad was built and the bridge, which was titled in BMBn(The modern book of Black Magic) as the rustic crossing. She didn'tnview much of Kenyon, but she did stop off at the café andnpicked up a few cashews, and orange blossom muffin with almonds andnprotein powder mix. It was rarity. Most likely for the mimes. Shenalso had a low carb bar and some carob nut crunchies. She went on anearly morning jog, beginning at dusk and ending at around ten am.n\"I'll make Wasterson kneel to me.\" She said grunted over a log.nShe had finished nine miles through the wooded trail. It took hernninety minutes. Then she walked for an hour and ran another hour andnhalf. Walked for one more set and then finished up out of wind. Shenwas overworked. Very thin. Very fragile. Hardly any fat. The booknsaid the spell are cast more easily with no excess cellulite on thenbone. Muscle only, or bone. Or bone and muscle. Tissue too. Butnmostly bones, muscle and so on. Fat was looked down upon amongnwitches. Like anyone else. She reached the bridge before nightfall.nShe empted out her specially made leather bag full of incense,ncandles and small poetry books. Then she unlaced the Black Book. Shenrubbed her fingers across the red initials and pricked the tip of hernfinger. \"Alkjudaehfao\" She whispered the first verse of thenspell. She thumbed to page 339. It was the middle section of thenchapter on Revenge. \"Alk-judefao Shrekraweeeeeeeeeed.\" The windnbegin to blow horribly. Lightning stabbed the ground. Thunder sprayednthrough the air, vibrating her every bone. She began to fall week.nHer breast wore sore along with her vagina and rectum. 'I'M THEnVIRGIN AND THE ONE THAT HAS HATE IN HIS HEART TOWARD A MAN.\" Then,nthe wind cried back at her. 'TO MEN.\" It whispered. \"To men.\"nShe said. \"Showers of fire from the biggest liar and show me thenspires pointing every which way.\" She cried. The sky forked anlightning bolt across the black sky. The bolts converged togethernmaking the shape of crooked bicycle spoke. \"REVENGE TAKE ME TO THEnUNDERGROUND. HATE BRING ME TO YOU. REVENGE MAKE ITS SOUND.\" Thundernroared louder, shaking the ground. The rustic bridge began to sway.nThe water below began to rush. Jen grabbed on the baluster and ancable. The tracks, once used for an underground railroad, began toncrack. \"Then I looked and there was the lamb. And the smoke ofntheir torment.\" The bridge fell into the water and Jen tumbled onntop. It began to rush and sink and rise again like a iron boat alongnwith the current. She hung on with all her might to an iron rail asnit sunk to the sandy silty bottom. \"AHHHHHHHH..\" She gurglednunderwater and then in a flash she was sitting at a cushioned waitingnbench at front of the restaurant near the host's station. There wasna single window to her side. She stood up and stared out. The groundnof Central Park was exposed through the window. She squinted her eyesnat the roots that reached toward the top layer of the soil. Shenadmired the pods, the seeds and slowly forming veins of nature. \"I'mnhalfway underground\" She murmured. \"Is this ROR.\" \"Yes.\"nThe ghostly host said. He was a semi tall man, as thin as a CalvinnKlein model and with sunken in eyes. He seemed to be a boy, but hadnto at least be in his twenties. \"One minute please.\" He said andnwalked into the candle invested hallway. \"I wonder where I am\"nJen quarreled with herself. \"Welcome to The Revenge Restaurant.\"nThe host said parting his jet black hair. \"Your our only customerntonight. Here is the menu. More will becoming soon. I had a phonencall for an order of eight Wallsteeters.\" She flicked through thensix page menue. \"What do you suggest?\" She asked the Host. \"Whatnis your revenge?\" \"My boy friend cheated on me. I want to makenhim a loser.\" Just then Beck's music popped on the speaker. \"I'MnA LOSTER BABY WHY DON'T YOU KILL ME.\" Beck sang as she turned tonpage six. \"I would try page three. It is most evil.\" The hostnsaid holding his index finger to the top soil. \"Let me find you thenproper section for Revenge in our establishment. Most likely we willnseat you near the Panther's in the sunken dinning room.\" The hostninquired as he fastened his white glove and adjusted his white collarnand black boy tie.\" \"Yes. That would be fine.\" Jennifernreplied. \"AAAAH. I JUST FORGOT. The forms.\" He said calming hisnexcitement. \"You must fill out the forms.\" Jen responded with anquick yank up of her head. \"FORMS.\" She nearly guffawed. \"Whatnforms?\" The host went to his podium, snaked over and back up, andnhanded her a few white sheets stapled. \"Here you are. Enjoy yournrevenge.\" He walked off. Jen looked down and saw the following: Order slip: Your enemy'sndream Your enemy'snname A piece of hair fromnyour enemy's head- Entrée (Look onnmenu for your type of meal). For her enemy's dreamnshe wrote ANnOLYMPIC ATHLETE. For her enemy's namenshe wrote: SamnWasterson. Then she removed thencomb, plucked a piece of Sam's hair from the comb's teeth andnrubbed it between her thumb and index finger. It was as if she wasnmaking the American sign language motion for the need of money. Next,nshe chose the proper Entrée. \"I wouldn't do thatnquite yet.\" Jen looked up and saw the most beautiful man ever. \"What do you think ofnmy underground restaurant.\" Shrekweed said as he flicked his headnback as if to say I am the greatest. Shrekweed was six feet two.nBlack hair. Dark green eyes with a pale reflection. He wore a tuxedo,nlong cape and a bell hops hat. \"Sorry just got off of work. This isnnot my only job. I have many. I'm also a part time actor onnBroadway. I work at the Worthington off of Park and Central. Its new.nSo how are you Jennifer?\" \"Fine.\" She said in awe. She had seennsuch a man with bulging muscles, bright greens and long black hair.n\"You have beautiful hair.\" She said to him as her breath fell. Henreached his hand out to her and she took it. \"Where to.\" Henasked. \"Uh. Well. I chose my entrée. . .\" \"no, no, no,nno.\" He insisted. \"No. I must do that for you. What is your wish.nOr may I say what is your anti wish for the other.\" \"Revenge.\"n\"yes, yes, yes, yes. We all want revenge dear. Yes. I understandnyou want him dead. And his name was water, water. . ..water what?\"n\"Waterston.\" She said. \"Sam Waterston. I want him a loser. Notndead. Dead would be. . .\" \"Too easy. No one wants death anymore.nWhy. Why can't I have a winner here or there. Death is so easy. Sonsimple dear. And now you want a simple loser. Ok. No problem. Younwill eat either from the blacken fish from the stream of Archon, ornuh, what is the other darling?\" he asked the hollow cheek host.n\"Oh. For revenge. Male or female.\" \"Right.\" Wasterson'snvoice escaped Shrekweed lips. \"How did you do that?\" Jen asked.n\"I'm hollow. Anything may enter me or leave me. Its up to them.nWasterson is at a weak moment right now my dear. He doesn't havenyou. Your hear and he is there. Man is down with out his women.\"n\"But he fucked my best friends little sister. He can't have mennow.\" \"Of coarse he can't honey. Now what is the one for youngnfemale wanted to turn her ex boy into a solid loser.\" The hostnbegan to flap the pages across the air. \"Yes. Yes. Yes. This one isnit Sir.\" He stopped on page three, Chinese. \"Uncle Chens. Hisnrecipe will do her just fine.\" \"Now I have a questioned.\" Jennasked. \"Do I have to eat three now, or one meal now or what are thenrules.\" \"Ha ha. There are no rules. But it works best if you eatnworth his will.\" \"Eat worth his will.\" \"Yes, you must eat hisnwill away. Wasterson you say. Host. Give me the book of W's.\" Thenhost raced to the podium and retrieved a telephoned sized book with anW on the front. \"W's as you wish.\" \"Look up Wasterson, Sam.nAge. . .uh\" The devil touched Jen's forehead. Steam arose. \"Sorrynhoney.\" Jen jumped back fell to the ground and began masturbating.nOne hand in her jeans and one hand on her right nipple. \"He wasnborn in 1974. July. Late. Huhi. Hena. Hena Juhdooi. Seeyaq. Yes. Itsncoming to me now. 1974. OH. That Wasterson. Texas. Yes. DFW area. Ah.nThank you Dell. Gymnastics. An honorable student indeed. Jen you arena bad girl. We will get to him.\" He handed her the menu as shenfinished and wiped her hand on a tablecloth. \"Thank goodness noncustomers are around.\" Just then, a party of three men, stout,nhusky, brown hair, tan skin and amber eyes. They seem to be triplets.nThey all had unique mustaches and wore different types of suites. Thenlead one, more muscles and a larger frame sported an Armani jacket.nThe back one, following the Armani jacket, wore a blue overcoat andnDoc Martin slip-ons. He was cute and seemed to have an actors stance.nThe third was all dancer, ballet trained. He wore baggy brown slacksnand a floppy wool sweater with a textured, brown wool scarf. \"Hmm.\"nShe said shaking off her orgasm. They took the order slips and headednup a flight of circular oak stairs with a wicker guard rail. Shekweedntook Jen to the sunken area. \"Yes. Yes.\" He said finding Sam'snname in the book of Wills. \"Yes. Wasterson. Hmmh. Yes. Wasterson.nBig will indeed. Something about those Gymnist. You must eat seven.nHe's good. Real good. His wish will die and his dream will fade ifnyou eat seven dishes of Shrimp and Snow peas with four pints of friednrice. It must be seven dishes or the spell will not work on your exnlover. So. That's a total of seventy pieces of shrimp and twentyneight pints of rice. And you must do it here. You must eat every bitenin front of me.\" A smile formed across Shrekweed's cut andnmasculine face. Jen went serious. \"It will hurt, but you are innhell at the present moment. . .and, well, you will survive in doingnthis, and you can't burn here now, not yet, but when you returnnhome, you will always crave this dish. That's the hell of it all.nThe craving will stay with you. The only true happiness is freedomnfrom the hearts desire. So, you will crave it like you crave sex. Sexnwith you ex will no longer please you but the snow pea and shrimpndish will. That will be your repentance to me and well you know who.\"nShrekweed glanced down at the table and continued with, \"I hatenmentioning names.\" Jennifer was a nymphomaniac and thus, this madenher swallow a few times. \"Do I get to drink anything.\" \"Ah anynbeverage you like.\" \"Wine.\" I want to have it with wine.\"n\"Sorry no wine here. Another.\" \"Do you have screwdrivers.\"n\"No but we do have wormwood. Its my specialty. Others call itnAbsinth.\" \"Absinth, hmmm. How much.\" \"On glass will do younhere. You can handle in the underground. Above ground, never. But Inwill mix it with a special fruit juice and this will ease the potencynand charm the spell.\" The dish came in a few seconds flat. It wasnsteaming hot. Three waiter dressed in red tuxedo suits with horns andnforked tails, barring flexing bar muscled chest, brought seven dishesnon three trays. \"alla for you.\" The head waiter said stroking hisngoatee. \"Here you are.\" He said laying out six large bowls ofnrice and seven plates of shrimp with snow peas.\" \"Enjoy yournrevenge.\" The back waiter said turning and spinning off followingnthe tail of the head waiter. \"I must leave you hear. A lady yournsize will have to take her time with this delicacy. Enjoy. I mustnattend the others.\" He got up and headed toward the front roomnwhich housed the staircase with the wicker baluster. \"Funny funny.nFunny life this is.\" She dug her chopsticks in and began to shufflenloads of spicy soaked brown rice and steamy hot shrimp into hernmouth. Her jawed clenched down on the shell of the shrimp and shenpictured Sam falling as he tumbled his mat routine. She pictured himnsnorting a white powder. She pictured him smoking cigarettes, whichnSam would never touch. She pictured him getting kicked off the team.nAs she pigged out she pictured Matt falling from grace. Her cellularnrang. She answered. \"Does it taste good.\" It was Shrekweed. \"Younsure did check on me soon. Yeah. It's the best dish I've evernhad.\" She said in the cellular. \"Good.\" Shrekweed returned innthe voice of Sam.\" \"You sounded like him.\" The line was dead,nthe devil was gone and her belly became full. She finished the firstnentrée, burped, opened a fortune cookie and read, \"Is agenacruired by wisdom or experience or experienced wisdom.\" Then thenpaper formed into a lizard and danced away. \"Agh.\" Jen hollerednand yanked her hand away. \"I've never had a fortune that asked anquestion\" She mumbled and continued to chow down. \"Is wisdomnacquired by experience or by age?\" Hmm. Jen thought. \"I guessnexperience.\" She whispered. \"A new bowl of rice was scootedntoward here. The lizard had taken the shape of a hand and it pushednthe bowl before her. The cushioned booth was very soft and the roomnwas well lit for a underground restaurant. There where eighty papernlanterns strung along the ceiling and a few slow twirling bamboonceiling fans. In the center of the sunken den lay a rock gardennsurrounded by petite waterfalls, tiny Japanese trees and shrubbery.nHanging over the waterfall were two ceramic Asian dragons, spitting anred fiery tongue toward the bubbling water below. \"Wow. I wish Incould of taken Samson here. Wasterson would of dug it.\" She begannto work on her third entrée of Shrimp an Snow peas. After the meal. Afternthe flight home. After it all ended and she rose back from hell tonearth she began to question life's strange vicissitudes. Shenarrived home at midnight on Friday. She had missed three days ofnsummer school. It was holiday. Some new holiday for something.nAnyways, she laid on her bed and contemplated on whether or not toncall Sam Wasterson to see how he was. She did. She rang him. Hisnmother answered. \"Sam there?\" She questioned. \"No. Sam movednout.\" \"Where to?\" She asked. \"We, well, me and William wentnto Church with him. Sam has been acting funny lately. Eating a lot.nSmoking and running around God no where. He has lost a bunch ofnweight. We are afraid for him. He was living with some of his newnfriends. He got hooked on drugs and we tried to admit him to a rehab.nHe stayed a few nights in a mental ward and then he escaped. He endednup living with some women in Euless. He got kicked off the team andnis thinking about leaving school. We are going to pray for him at thennext Church service. Would you like to attend.\" Jennifer hung thenphone up. Tears rolled from her eyes. She jumped off the bed andnheaded to the garage. She was going to Euless. She had to find himnbefore it was too late. \"What have I done?\" She asked herself.n\"It worked. The dream. He no longer has his dream. I've taken itnfrom him. He is nothing now. Nothing. I got to call Shelby.\" Inhave not found Sam Wasterson yet. I'll get my Revenge. I heard henhas been kicked off the gymnastic team. Yes. My spell worked. Thanknyou know who for Shrekweed's lovely dinner. I can't believe itnwas under central park. Whats up with that? I haven't callednShelby, but I have gained the weight back. I'm back at 120. shit.nIt sucks that I'm 120 pounds, and it sucks that I have to orderntake out from chen's Chinese. I get the snow pea with shrimp likenevery time. I think I'm gained even more since I got back from thenunderground. Ror was interesting. Chinese lanterns, wood floor, andnceramic dragons. It basically looks like the inside of a karate dojo.nIt even had a small rock garden surrounded by miniture waterrfallls.nOver and out journal. I'll keep in touch. Jennifer pulled hernblack Honda Accord into the Phillip 66 station. It was a hotnafternoon. Days after the visitation of ROR. \"New York was cool.nBut I only visited Central Park.\" Shelby sat up in her brother'snbunk bed and fell open her diary. \"I thought you went to KenyonnCollege in Ohio. That's what you told me from the hotel. Where thenhell did you go Jen?\" \"Both places. You'll never believe what Indid. Do you remember the BBM book. The black magic one. Well, therenwas a spell. Hang on. I got a page. Some one's beeping.\" Shensmiled her happy grinned. The beeper screen read the call was comingnfrom the Phillip 66 station she had just exited. \"Shelby. I got ancall from a payphone. At the 66 station. Can you hang on? Look. I'llncall you back.\" She wrote the number down on her memo pad fastenednnear the rearview mirror. \"214-337-9893.\" Hm. Jen dialed thenphone. It began to ring on the other side. \"Hello?\" It wasnSamson. \"Jen. Is that you. I just paged you.\" \"Yes. It's me.nHow are you?\" \"Not good. Look. I'm hurting real bad. I'm notnin school anymore. I'm stuck in Euless. Living with this whorenbitch. She eats all the time and yells a lot. Look. I need your help.nI'm hooked.\" \"On drugs.\" Jen said with a half grin. \"Yes.nThe team. One of the players was doing GHB. I started taken it tongain muscle and everything. And it got additive. It made me loseneverything. Also, I started taken Ma-Huang. Lots of it. I lost a lotnof weight. I look like some scaly drug addict. It's horrible. Itnhappened so fast. The couch sent me to MHMR to get help but all theyngave me was litho tabs and some valium. It didn't work. I ran outnof money and I'm stuck at this gas station. Can you help me getnhome? Mom won't pick me up.\" \"Sure Sam. I'll help you outnthis time.\" Jen headed off an exit ramp and u-turned back to thenPhillip 66 station. As she approached the exit ramp to the stationnshe fell into awe. \"What the hell.\" The station was no longernthere. It was Chen's Chinese. She pulled in the front driver to thenrestaurant and rolled down her electric window. \"Is there anPhillips station around here.\" A oriental man with a goatee,numbrella, and Asian Tux turned to her. He scooted his glasses of thenbridge of his nose. \"No. Do you like Chens.\" Jen decided to leavenand head back on the highway. \"Forget Sam.\" She whispered as shensnapped the stick shift into OD. She decided to go by Dell High tonmeet Shelby for catch up practice. She had been gone for awhile. Asnshe pulled up to the old spot where Dell use to be located there wasnnothing. \"Jesus of God.\" Jen said. It was a Chen's ChinesenRestaurant. \"This is wrong.\" She got on the phone and callednShelby. \"Heroe.\" A man half said on the other line. \"Is Shelbynthere?\" \"Chen's Chinezzz can we help you?\" \"What the hell?\"nJen back the car out of Chen's Chinese Restaurant. Her stomach wasnaching for some snow peas and Shrimp. She had to have more. More,nmore, more. A voice cried in her head. She dialed Shelby again. samenthing. Chen's Chinese. She went by Shelby's house. Her eyesnwidened as she turned on Shelby's street. It was no longer Janenstreet like it was a few weeks ago. Now it was called Chen'snChinese. \"The street is Chen's Chinese. This is a prank. God fornsaken prank. Right. I can't be dreaming can I?\" She pulled up ton56700 Chen street, which was supposed to be 567000 Jan St. \"My Godnwhat has happened.\" Every house beyond Shelby's house was nonlonger a house at all. Now it was a Chinese restaurant titled Chen'snChinese. She rolled down her window. The man in the black Tux, andngoatee appeared. \"Won't you come inside.\" She yelled andnstepped on the gas. She got back on the highway. That is when shennotice every gas station was no longer a gas station. Every apartmentncomplex was no longer a apartment complex. Everything had becomenChen's Chinese. Everything. She decided to head back home. Hernentire neighborhood was Chen's Chinese Restaurant. She no longernhad a home. It was now Chen's. She decided to go inside. \"Wherenis my home?\" She yelled. Shekrweed was in the back of thenrestaurant puffing on a cigar, hands spread out like an eagle,nleaning back and talking with a group of stout blond men. That isnwhen she noticed Sam was next to him. He looked healthy. He wasnwearing his letter jack and eating a Asian pare. \"Jen.\" Samsonnsaid as he got up. Shelby was with him. They walked by her andnsneered. \"Shrekrweed. You lied to me.\" Sam walked out with Shelbynand exited the Chenes. \"And why is everything a Chen'snRestaurant. Why is everything Chen?\" \"Because.\" \"Becausendoesn't cut it. I want Waterston a loser. I want my home back. Inwant my friend Shelby.\" She began to cry. Tears flowed off herncheeks and landed on the wood floor. \"Your dish was concerningnRevenge eh.\" Shrekrweed said. \"Yes. It was wasn't it Jen. Younwanted Revenge. Well. Revenge is hell.\" Just then, her stomachnbubbled inside like the tiny river of orange and red fish, whichnflapped there tails toward the slow flowing ceiling fans. \"Revengenis hell. My stomach is killing me. I'm soooo hungry. I've nevernbeen this hungry. But I can't eat. If I gain anymore weight I'llnmake a fool of myself.\" Jen said as she plopped down at a booth. \"Inwon't forget you Jen. You are a brave soul. But your wish wasntainted and now you must face the consequences. Now you must. . . .\"n\"Bon appetite.\" An Asian man with a black tux, long goatee, darkneyes and slick back hair served Jen a dish of snow peas and friednshrimp. \"Its fried this time?\" She asked. \"Yes. It will getnfattier as the day goes by.\" Shrekrweed said as Jen picked up a setnof Chen's plastic learner chopsticks. It read with compliments ofnCahtay pacific on the side in green small roman font. \"I can'tneat this but I'm sooo, soo hungry. Please make the hunger end sir.\"nJen begged as the steam rose over her face. \"It looks so good.nPlease don't make me. Where did Shelby go.\" \"You can't findnthem now. Now is a time to eat. Your revenge has turned on you.\"nShrekrweed headed back in the kitchen. The smell of cooked almondsnand sizzling brown fried rice filled the room. All she could think ofnwas food. She was so hungry. \"I've never been this hungry in mynlife.\" She scooped a handful of rice in her hand and stuffed it innher mouth. She polished of the rice in three scooping loads. Then shenpigged on the shrimp. She tried to use the chopsticks but she was toonhungry. After she finished the dish a new one was served to her. Thisntime larger and with more sides. Some times a dished arrived with hotnand sour, sometimes egg drop soup. Other times she munched on a eggnroll. A fortune cookie fell on her lap as she stuffed a fried piecenof pork into her cheek and crunched down. She reached down andnnoticed her stomach had grown larger. It looked as if she wasnbeginning her pregnancy. \"God I look pregnant.\" She cried. Tearsnswelled and rolled. She cracked open the fortune cookie and tossed anfew pieces in her mouth. She read as she slurped from a tall glass ofnice tea, \"Sam is going to hell. There is no doubt about it.\" Shenbowed her head and began to pry, but the all she could her was, \"Samnis going to hell. There is no doubt about it. Sam is going to hellnthere is no doubt about it Sam is going to hell, there is no doubtnit.\" Then the voice changed. It was her voice repeating, \"I'MnGOING TO HELL THERE IS NO DOUBT ABOUT IT. I'M GOING TO HELL THEREnIS NO DOUBT ABOUT IT I'M GOING TO HELL THERE IS NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.\"n\"Welcome to Chen'. I'm your server. Our specials are Friednjumbo shrimp and snow peas. Are you hungry for some more.\" It wasnsame. He was still cute. Still tall. Still blond. Still muscled. Henwas wearing a Chen's waiter's outfit. \"I'm sorry I have to donthis. But you wished for it.\" Samson dumped a whole dish of Shrimpnand Snow peas over her head and walked off. Jen sat there in hernmess, leaned over her flabby stomach and pouted. Her life was overnnow. II Story two: The other side. The star producing factory. \"Name?\" The latent middle aged mannwith thick horn ribbed glasses, permanent marker eyebrows and sad,ngloomy browns, said as he scratched his bushy upper lip and flattenednout the white mess of paper on the standard brown office desk. Thenpaper, the middle aged man held in his cramped hand, contained thennew applicant's W20 form printed in Bookman bold font. \"Name,nSir?\" He asked once again, in a cold, wet tongue. \"Les.\" Lesnreplied lifting his mighty barrel chest, pulling in a few gallons ofncool air and refastening the tie to a tighter Windsor. \"Full namenLes?\" The sad eyed man returned, barely lifting his chin to anproper attitude. \"Les what?\" The man retorted to Les's blanknmoment of nullity. \"Les Genes.\" \"Les Genes. That's your name,nSir?\" Sad brown eyes replied curtly. \"Ok. Mr. Genes. Here is yournpaper work. Legibly print your name, and don't forget to benlegible. . .no cursive, social security card goes here and a photonI.D. Got it?\" The sad brown eyed man fingered the paper. Hisnstiffened index seemed to ache from all the pointing he had to donfrom paper to line, to dotted line, to the next applicant back to thenpaper back to the applicant. Crooked, straight, pointy and loose—backnand fort hooked finger to strict hand. It has causing him corporalnsyndrome. Les scooped up the bunch of white copy, gave the brownneyed, with the hooked finger, a half jokingly salute, and here, here,nand headed back to the waiting room with a jolly hop. Brown eyedndidn't respond to his cheery happy go lucky behavior and kept hisnhead buried in the next applicants material. Les was trying to benpunk rock. He had his Doc Martins on, but little did he know thosenparticular originals were actual designed for factory type of word,nso the assistant so him as cheery on not punked out. Les seemed tonreally need the job as dedicated as he was and plus he came twonminutes early. He forced his amiable grin as far as he could takensuch a gesture and plopped down on the plastic cushioned waitingnchair. Judiciously, Les Gene filled out the W20 form first and withnout taking notice of the twenty or so walk ins, he continued on thennext page. It seemed an entire party had arrived to fill outnapplications. \"All of a sudden, Grand Central Station.\" Lesnhummed under his scratching pen. He new the form well. Answer tonnumber one was always single. Answer two; a slash. Answer three,nfour, five and so on; slashes or x's whatever he wanted to bothernthem with. He knew mixing slashes and x's on the W2 from was notnvery urbane. The last, Total amount, H: a single number 1. Everythingnelse, ones. Single, single, and single some more. No wife, no child,nno other dependents. Just Les and his shadow. No allowancencollected and no tax right offs either. Full on lone star Les fromnEuless. Just straight pay check and that's all. After finishingnthe form Les studied the top of the crispy white application. It wasnentitled Lone Star Factory in bold Times New Roman. He put in all thenproper info below the large bold print of the factorize factoryntitle. His full name which he more like drew clearly rather thannwrite in his normal personalized, unique and selective penmanship wasnkindly legible. Next, his lover's address, which he told them henlived alone, and his work history which he completely and utterlynfibbed. To aid his fib, on education, he put down he had a doctoratenin English literature. The job position available at the factory wasna strange one. \"What does Soul handling men?\" Les whispered. Henthought about returning to brown eyes but he figured that would causenhim to lose his job so he checked on the box as go on the soulnhandling. He figured it was fancy for something simple like packagingnor shipping, or doc work. He returned the application fully fillednout and singed in all the proper places. And when he dropped it offnto the assistant he shot a huge smile and flung his head back innarrogant manner. \"Its all filled out legibly. Sir.\" He saidntrying to sound a tad academic. Les returned to the waiting room. Thennext step was to attend an interview from the main hiring manager andntalk over the job position of soul handler. \"What does soul handlernmean?\" Sept asked the hiring manager. He was a tall man with darknshaggy hair, beady blue eyes and a fancy Italian suite. \"Well. Hm.nGood question. Let me turn it back to you in order to make it morenclear. In a three dimensional way?\" \"Ok. Go ahead.\" Les saidnhalf grinning and half lying through his teeth. Les didn't care henneeded to pay rent and that was all. He didn't care about the soulnor the handler of the soul. \"Well. The soul is what we can notntouch. It's the spirit within us.\" Les said with a chin up. Thensun seemed to glow through the ceiling to floor window that boxed outnbehind the tall man in the comfy leather air and foam cushy officenchair. \"Good guess. But listen to this definition for the soul. Thensoul is the animated and vital principle in humans often conceived asnan immaterial entity that survives death.\" \"Hm. That survivesndeath. The soul survives death?\" Les asked with complete fixednwonder. \"Well yeah. Sure.\" \"But I thought the only way to bensurvived is to have children and they kind of become you?\" Septnsaid. \"Lets not get too far off the track.\" The tall man replied.n\"My name is Dawn. Dawn Witherspool. I know you. You don't knownthis but I taught you how to drive in summer school Remember me.\"n\"No. I was drunk in most of those classes. I can't recall yournface.\" \"I've had work done since then. I also was on a few soapnopera. Have you heard of Living.\" \"No. But I have heard of OnenLife to. . .\" \"Look. I don't mean to cut you off. I have thirtynmore interviews today. WE are trying to find a special someone fornthe job and quick. We need to fulfill a new position. I think you arenmy man. But let me enlighten you on the requirements. If you soundnlike you are interested in the position then I'll hire you today?\"n\"Ok. Shoot.\" Les said as tingled sprouted on his head. \"You'llnhave to be able to learn. Also, you will have to let go of thisnreality when you go to work and open your mind. We use more of ournmind in this type of work.\" \"How?\" Sept asked with widenedneyes. He seemed to be more interested in the job. \"We have drug yountake. It helps you see the spirit world?\" \"The spirit world?\"nSept asked. \"What is that?\" \"Good question. Most of us don'tnknow. But we do. We specialize in handling the human soul.\" \"Younwhat?\" Les said. \"It says on your application that you are a Dr.nin English Literature.\" \"Yes. I initially went to school fornTheatre Arts but I fell into writing novels so I went back to schoolnto receive a doctorate.\" \"So you got your undergrad work innTheatre. Great. This is a very theatrical work environment.\" Sonwhat about this drug and this spirit world.\" \"We take a drugncalled Caseinate mixed with a new drug non yet exposed to the outsidenworld.\" \"Is it harmful?\" \"The caseinate isn't. Its in manynprocessed foods. The other drug is. Well let me be brief andnupfront.\" Les thought that sounded odd and out of place. Brief andnupfront. The tall man continued, \"Every time you take it, it willncost a day in hell.\" Les's head twisted to the side like a newnpup staring down at an electric blow dryer. \"A day in hell. Thatnmeans if I work here one year. . .then. . .\" Les went blank. \"Threenhundred and sixty five days in one year. You will only work four daysna week. Tuesdays through Thursdays. Four times four gives you onenmonth. Sixteen days a month. Twelve times sixteen gives you thenamount of days a year, 192 days in a year. So, you get three daysnoff a week, which equal to three times four equal twelve. So twelvendays off a month. . .\" The tall man calculated the number of daysnoff in a year while Les cleaned off his fingernails with his incisor.n\"What is the drug do. And what is it called?\" \"It helps you seenother peoples souls. After they have left. Or passed away. And wencall it . . .\" There was a pause in the room. As if all time hadnstood still. Then, something released, a breath was taken and thentall man continued in motion. Crestfallen the next day arrived. Lesnwas staying in a set of nearby condos. The airport was not far away.nLes would be awakened in the early morn by the booming of a passingn747. He arrived to his first day on time, as a scheduled he work aneight our shift. \"Slave labor.\" Les mumbled as he sported intonhis orange protective work suite. It was something that looked likenlined the interior of a NASA space suite. \"It looks like foilnclothing.\" Les said to the small petite man in the orange breaker,nthat was helping him zip up. Les noticed the man had one brown eyenand one blue eye, sort of like David Bowie. \"You need to put onnthese special goggles, and don't forget about this.\" He handednLes a sporty digitized wristwatch. Next, he screwed a helmet on topnof his foil colored suite and placed a pair of steel colored boots atnhis ankles. Les stepped in the heavy boots, laced them up, (itnseemed to be wire laces) and latched the bottom edge of the helmet tonthe top edge of the collar of his new jump suit. \"When you arriventhrough this door, hit this large yellow button on the side. Follownme.\" \"What does that do?\" Les asked. \"Well, it gages how longnyou've been on the other side.\" \"The other side?\" Lesnquestioned. \"What do you mean by that? You talk like I'm about toncross over to another dimension or something.\" \"You are?\" \"Inam. What is on the other side of this door, Sir.\" Les stared at thenthick iron door and it's wide quarter shaped bolts. He became veryncold and serious. \"Its locked pretty good. Air tight I suppose.\"n\"Nope. More than that. Its world tight. The world can't even getnin here once I fiddle with the knobs behind this ol counter.\" Thenman with mixed eyes pointed back at the control booth as if he was anlost Elizabethan captain of a ship pointing to an unexplored islandnin the middle of the sea. \"Watch your step.\" The petite man saidnas he slipped a pair of shades over his mixed colored eyes andnstepped down into a sunken area before the iron door. \"Enjoy yournfirst day. I have to leave this tank. I'll buzz you through as soonnas a seal the room.\" The petite man vanished behind a thickerndouble plated steel door. With out notice, the room turned red. Les'snfirst day on the other side was just about to begin. First day on the other side. The room turnednred. As the door opened an incredulous red vapor washed in and overnLes Genes steady frame. Les was overtaking by the disbelieving sightnbut had not loss his grip of himself, not yet. \"What the hell?\"nHe whispered at the wistful puffy cotton ball shape cloud of smokenthat fell, snaked and twisted before him in small gyros and figureneights. The wispy white mist crawled and snaked up his legs, aroundnhis torso and slowly engulfed his shoulders, neck and head. Les feltnweak all over, as if he had not eaten in three days. His stomachncried in it's emptiness. Les's eye lids grew heavy as his backnstiffened and his knees wobbled, tinged and jingled like cymbals onna jazz drum set. The world began to change before his eyes. Then,neverything did more than change. Everything vanished. The entirenworld, just before him dissolved. In the lull between heartbeatsneverything ceased in existence. Bam. Just like that. Nothing. Thenopposite of the world had arrived. Les tried to walk but he realizednhe was vanishing with this new strange arrival of null. Then, in anbat of an eyelash, a silver room appeared before him. It was thenother side. The room was shaped like a large foil colored basketballncourt, with out the lines, the bleachers and basket ball hoops. Thisnwas the very place the petite man with the mixed colored eyesnmentioned during suit up. Nothing occupied the room but a silverncoated walls and a small black hole at the center top directly above.nLes was standing in the center of the silver room, alone, scared andnhalf out of his wit. The petite man told him he would feel weak andnhungry as he stood in the other side. The room was massive. It mustnof stretched a football field in length and it had no doors. Not ansingle way in or out. \"What are you doing here?\" The voice sortnof resonated from the black spot above him. He had no idea who, ornwhat it was. \"Who are you?\" Les questioned the black circularnopening. It did not answer back. Before he could take his nextnbreath, an itch began to beckon an itch on his left upper section ofnhis ear. His fingers where covered in a pair of two orange insulatednwork gloves. He remembered the petite man told him, during suit up,nthat they were fire proof. Fire proof. He thought. I wonder why thengloves are fire proof, what type of job is this. Les gave the roomnanother look over. It had tall ceilings, they must have been overnseventy or eighty yards high. The side walls climbed meeting thenwalls, just as they do in a gymnasium. This place does not look fun.nLes whispered. He wasn't afraid anymore. Too much time had passednfor the fear to linger. Nothing was happened. Absolutely nothing.n\"What's going on?\" No one answered. His whisper seemed to echonand bounce in the corners of the corners of the room. This was notnthe place to hang out for too long. There is nothing here. No food.nNo water. No people. No conversation. He did not attempt to removenthe astronaut style helmet that rested so uncomfortably on his lightnhead. He must of looked like the firs man that landed on the moon.nWhat was his name? Les began to go through the index of names in hisnhead. Neil, something. Neil. Neil Armstr. . . \"Les can you hearnme?\" It was the man with mixed colored eyes, the one that helpednhim get her. His assistant. \"This is the other side.\" \"Thenother side?\" Les realized that some one was talking to him. \"Wherenis your voice coming from?\" Les probed. \"From your head gear numbnnuts. Do you see the black circular opening above you.\" \"Yes.\"nLes returned. \"Well, it's a sphere but don't worry about that.nIt should look like a black hole. Do you see it?\" \"Yes. What do Indo now?\" \"Wait.\" \"What do I call you?\" \"For right now youncan refer to me as controls.\" \"Ok. Mr. Controls. What do I donnow?\" Then, the speaker scratched off. The itch on Les's earnseemed to irritate him even more. \"Your killing her Les.\" \"Sir.\"nLes announced. This was not the voice that he had just heard, it wasndeeper and it sounded like his own. Les decided to search out thenroom. Look for a door. He thought. A window. Someway out. \"Your jobnis not to try to get our, Les.\" The deep voice demanded. It was notncoming from the head gear. This voice was coming from directly above.nIt was resonating from the great black ball that hung above his head.n Les looked up at it. It seemed to float in mid air. It was perfectlynround, sphere in every aspect. It was not complex. There were nonwritings on the ball and it seemed to be filled with a black liquid.nHe did not notice it was a ball the first time he looked it over. Itnseemed to be a circular black hole in the ceiling, but once henstudied it and walked around the large room, it began to make outnmore and more spherical. \"Controls. Can you hear me? Control.nHello? Is anybody there?\" No one returned. What did he mean bynwait. Les thought. Wait on what. Wait on who. Wait on a reply fromncontrols. And who is the deep voice. Was it me. The ball. What isnthis job about. Les began to think about the millions of jobs he hadndone in his life. His first job was working at Wendy's cookingnFrench fries and serving cheese burgers. He remembered being trainednby the Navy officer who was giving an honorable discharge. His secondnjob was serving gamblers ice slushies at his hometown horseracingntrack near Fort Worth. Les had worked in a factory named Alcon. Itnwas used for shipping eye solution, eye contacts and colored eyencontacts. Les had waited tables for Mexican, Chinese, Italian andnAmericana food. Les had sold AT & T services over the phone. Henhad a long list of Telemarketing work. He even went to jail fornworking for a criminal that ran a bunk Telemarketing gig in L.A. Lesnhad done garden work, cleaned pools, wrote plays, put cellular phonesntogether, worked as an intern at a theatre, worked for the road ofnLos Angeles, a counter at a theme park at Six Flags Over Texas, soldnhome ware and spices, kitchen knives, market and council research,nplayed gigs at coffee shops on his guitar, even set up auto tradernmagazines across DFW, hell, he'd worked at 7-11 grilling jumbo hotndogs. Les had done it all, but nothing like this. He had never beennto the other side. Working for the Other Side was lonely. Lesnthought. There is absolutely nothing around, but this empty room, thenweird ball with the deep voice and the distant call of Controls. Whatnnext. Then the voice came. This time a woman's voice, \"Its undernthe blood, Les. Its under the blood.\" Under the blood. Les had nonidea what this meant. What was under the blood. The bone, the tissue,nthe organs, the skeleton, what? The questions. \"Controls. Can you hear me. Over.\"nLes was getting scared and for some unexplained reason he forgot toneat breakfast the prior morning. He remembered controls asking him ifnhe had ate anything in the last twenty four hours. He told them henhadn't. I wonder why they needed to know why he had not eaten. Thenpetite man said it was good. It was easier to get to the other sidenon an empty stomach. Les was shaken allover. He started to feel cold.nIt was if the temperature had suddenly become Alaska. And he was sondamn famished. Just starving.. Les hadn't felt this hungry sincenthe last time he dropped ten pounds so he could make the wrestlingnteam for the varsity team. Then help sounded, \"Do you hear me Les.nThis is George in controls. I was one of the people that helped younsuit up.\" Now, a third voice. Controls, the sphere and the woman'snvoice. All three were taking turns informing him where he was, whatnhis job entailed, and how to perform his duties. \"What did you looknlike?\" Les weakly questioned George, the new voice. \"I want tonput a face to your voice.\" \"I was the guy that let you andnSebastian in this morning.\" \"Is Sebastian, and I don't mean tonbe rude, but is Sebastian the one with the two different coloredneyes.\" George let out a held back chuckle, \"One blue and onengreen. Yes. That's Sebastian. I'm taking over for awhile. I neednyou to listen to all my instructions closely. Follow every word Insay. Got me.\" \"Got ya. What do I do?\" \"First, stop askingnquestions.\" Les grew quiet. It was as if his silenced echoed offnthe four tall walls and far away ceiling. The sphere hung over hisnhead like a dark rain cloud about to hatch. Something was about thenhappen. Les was familiar with this feeling. It was that strange vibenonlookers resonate after a souped up racecar smashes against anretaining wall at a drag racing event. Red soaring flames bursts fromnthe engine like a small volcano and the crowd holds it's breathnuntil they catch sight of the results of the driver's condition.nWill he be decorated in fire? Will he even step out alive? Or will hensmash out the door, jump up and wave at the paralyzed crowd. Les'snmind wondered. He was thinking of the last sports program he saw onnchannel four the night before work. \"Les do you hear me?\" \"Yes.\"nLes fired back jumping out of his half trance. \"Good. Look I knownyou must think all this is strange but don't worry about it. Younshould feel light headed and a little weak. Just keep clear and trynto listen. You have crossed over to the other side of life.\" \"Thenother side of life. What other side?\" \"Your are in a room builtnon the edge of life and after life. That is the best way to describenit to you. In Quantum physics you are between motion and non-motion.nA near impossible state. It has been achieved before. As long as younstay focused and listen to Sebastian and I everything should be ok.nHave you heard any other voices beside mine and Sebastian's.\"n\"Yes.\" \"Was it a woman's voice.\" \"Yes. How did you know?\"nLes eyebrows scrunched up like a mad professor. \"Your not our firstnemployee.\" Les tried to scratch his head but his finger ran upnagainst the helmet. \"Do I have to stay in this suit?\" Les askednquickly. \"Absolutely. That suit was an ion lining. Basically, younare surrounded in one large ionic field. That is how you travelednthere.\" \"What happens if I take it off. Just curious.\" \"Don'tnbe.\" Sebastian's voice joined in. George returned with, \"Les donyou believe in God, Our Father. Jesus Christ?\" \"Well, yeah. I wasntaught to as a kid and I've always prayed to God. Why?\" \"Justnwanted to make sure. . .\" Suddenly a fuzz kicked in and Les lossnconnection. \"WHAT IS YOUR NAME?\" The woman's voice asked. Lesntalked into the tiny speaker phone located before his mouth, \"George.nI hear the woman's voice again. Over. You hear me. Over. Controlsnare you. . .\" \"WHAT IS YOUR NAME?\" This time Les looked up atnthe black sphere spinning above his head. \"Les. Les Genes andnyours.\" Les sounded a tad bit smarty but sophisticated enough tontalk to such foreign object. \"I HAVE NO NAME.\" The objectnretorted. \"That's interesting.\" Les said with a half caughtngulp. \"WHY ARE YOU HERE?\" \"That's the question for thenmoment.\" Les replied. \"I don't know. I'm waiting forninstructions.\" \"YOUR TIME IS SCARCE HERE. IS THERE SOMETHING InCAN HELP YOU WITH.\" Then, a fuzz spit in his ear and George cut innin half eruptions, \"Iz eh oman, tawk-g, to. . .\" George tapped onnhis helmet with his glove. George's voice sounded clear as anpurified Orzarka water, \"Is the woman talking to you, yet.\"n\"Yes.\" Les answered. \"She's wants to know my name and why I'mnpresent in the room with her.\" \"Tell the ball, the black spherenabove you, tell it your name and then tell it you are currently doingnresearch for a place called earth. Then, repeat to me what it saysnback to you.\" \"What type of research.\" Less questioned. \"Socialnresearch, scientific, mathematical, athletic. I need to know whatnkind? Specifics\" \"Say. Uh. Good Question Les. Say social.\"nThen, the women's voice commanded from the ball, \"TELL ME YOURnNAME?\" \"My name is Les Genes\" \"Les Genes.\" As he said hisnown name the ball overlapped his answer with \"LES GENES.\" Thenball knew his name before he addressed himself and revealed his name.nIt was as if the black sphere already knew his own name. \"Les whynare you hear?\" The woman's voice asked from the center of thenball, \" I'm doing research for a place called earth.\" Les saidnwith a half grin. \"WHAT TYPE OF RESEARCH.\" The ball retorted.n\"Earthly research.\" Les returned forgetting the exact type ofntitle, considering research controls. He wasn't for sure whatncontrols told him to say. Shit, I forgot to tell the ball socialnresearch . Damn. Les grew into a silent stillness. \"Earth. Younare from the world.\" \"Yes. I'm from the world.\" Les returnednin an odd woken coma. \"You have much life in you.\" The voicenannounced. The world will ask you many questions. Now the voice wasnsilent, as if it was coming from the back of his head. George'snvoice echoed within Les's head. \"What else do you want?\" Lesnasked while staring at the black globe floating in mid air over hisnrack. It seemed to lower as the question was being asked, \"I wantnyou to answer a few questions for me earthling.\" The opaquenmysterious object above rang as similar to a clock tower three times.n\"What is the first thing you need to know?\" Les felt like he wasntalking to a mystical genie as her shockingly sexy voice climbed outnfrom the rustic golden lid of the magic lamp. The ball wasnmagnificent. The longer one stared at it the more the onlooker becamentransfused by it's mysterious perfect bubbly frame. \"I ask you anquestion?\" Les asked. \"Yes.\" The ball returned curtly. \"Ok.nFirst question.\" Les's canvas textured gloved clicked to the topnof his helmet. \"Ok. Uhhhh.\" Les went blank. An buzzing hummingnsound arose and filled every portion of the room. \"Uhhh.\" Lesncontinued trying desperately to scratch his head. He could not meantnskin to skull due to the protective layering and hard shell of thenhelmet. Plus, he was not allowed to disengage the helmet from thenthick suit. \"What is your name.\" The questioned blurred out fromnLes's lips spontaneously. \"My name is . . .\" A pausing silencenfilled the room. It was the type of lull a great leader would inducenby holding back his final word. The type of quiet period known byndramatist as the dramatic pause. One could hear a the flaking skin ofnpin hit the floor. And if one listened hard enough they might catchnthe sound of a pin drop. For one usually hears the pin hit the floor,nnot drop. A pin doesn't make much of a sound when in the action ofnfalling. \"What is your name . . .who ever you are?\" Les barelynannounced once again. Fear filled his bones awaiting for the greatnsphere's return. \"My name is. . .\" Another pause. \"My namenis. . .\" \"Well come on. What is it?\" Les retorted. \"I have nonname.\" The ball informed him. \"You have no name?\" Les'sneyebrows squinted forward and his nose wrinkled up like unwashednOxford (40 polyester 60 cotton). Les really was embarrassed for thengreat ball. \"That's ok. I'll give you a name.\" Les happilyntold the ball. \"What is my name?\" The ball seemed to be sad.n\"Your name is eight ball.\" \"What is an eight ball?\" \"Inthought you would be the type of floating sphere that would know mostnof everything.\" Les kind of grinned at its innocence. \"Haven'tnyou ever been to a pool hall.\" \"I don't get out much.\" Thenball returned and kind of bounced on air. It was getting a slight bitnirritated. \"An eight ball is. . .\" Les knocked the side of hisnhelmet with his covered palm. \"An eight ball is a black pool ballnthat bears the number eight.\" \"So, it's a ball with a numberneight on it. What is it used for?\" Les kind of coughed and cockednhis head back towards the great unknown ceiling. \"Well, its usednfor a game mostly played by gamblers, hustlers and professional poolnhall players. The game favors those players which reveal having skillnand a little luck. There's usually six pockets on a pool table andnthe players use a dozen or more or less balls and the most popularngame in competition is nine ball. That's what I hear. That's onlynin competition. I usually only played for fun. I bet a few times butnlost nastily and never bet again. One usually uses more balls in thengame. There is not just one black ball. In the most common game theneight ball is the last ball to be sunk in the chosen of the sixnpockets, of coarse, selected and achieved by the winner. So he has tonaim for the stripes or solids, whatever fate chosen for him after thenbreak happens, then he knows what balls to play with. Now the playernthat breaks doesn't always sink a ball, that is, on the break, ornthe breaker's first ball sunken is not only chosen by the breakee,nor if the selected breaker, the starter of the game of pool, didn'tnsink one in the complete and legal break than he has to leave it fornthe opposing player to attempt to sink a solid or a stripe billiard,nand he sometimes for the sake of the Hustler, (it's a good time tontake a cigarette break or sip on a beer and so on, for the reading ofnpool required the attitude of the true pool player, slob ornperfectionist, hustling professional nine ball player), the opposingnplayers first sunken ball-there are stripes and solid balls only innpool, thus it only demands two players in one game, but there are anfew games pool players require and this means up to ten players, andnif enough beer and hard cigarettes and Rock N Roll music then thengame is on, and if the creative mind can ante the rules to a highernruling game, a game for more than two shall be played, and with skillnand organization. Now for the rules on ending a game. Simple. Thus,nthe black ball or the eight ball is always black and is alwaysnsunken last and the game ends with it fallen in a chosen pocketnselected by the winning player (The winning player is the one who hasnsunken all his stripes, or if it be solids, into chosen side pockets,nor corner, and has not hit the black ball into a pocket, or hit thenopposing player in the face, or passed out drunk, or suffered ancoughing fit.) The most important and gingerly rule is that the Blacknball must always, in most games of pool, be sunken last. The playernthat sinks the eight ball, or the black ball, or the eight blacknball, like some call it, on accident before sinking all his strips ornsolid's become the loser of the game-and the winner winded or innshape wins in a defeating game won by the rules, or the defeat, butnthat is only a fourth of the rules. I could go on all day, possiblynmonth, and maybe year, but I would only torture you with thenprolonged hours of reader and analysis of syntax and proper grammarnon the manner of something that is not fully comprehended in rulenreading, more exact confusion on the rules. The game is only learnednin, it's the action of the game that matters and not necessarilynthe winner or loser, it is the manner in which the pool playernproceeds and how he or she looks while leaning across the table tonmake a hip shot, hence, grace and agility is required, but nothing isnmore deadly in the game of pool than simple control and breath, benweary that the best pool player has a cigarette hanging from hisnlips, there a many fine pool players that chose cigars, pipes or evennbongs, but I fancy the skilled , hence, the pool player that sips onnEvian water and eats a nice square meal for health and his or hernconcentration. The playing of the game is not a simple as it soundsnmy friend of pool, but is fully accepted physically more so thannanalytically. It is best understood kinesthetically. All sports arenlearned in the muscle, mind and in the effort. So your probablynwondering why I chose your name to be eight ball. Well, the skillfulnplayer is careful with the eight ball and never is careless with it'snlocation on the table.. Just as I'm careful with you and yournlocation on the page. He or she must shoot around this precious andnsignificant, uh, well, ball, and keep his ego in line, just as henbounced a seven ball to a specific section of the table, and to anfine landing of his sight line. Like you, Sir, or Madame, or dude, ornpunk, or player, or Mister, or professional, whatever you my be andnare, at this moment of reading, like you, it your duty, and even job,nto take a fine charm, stand and erect elegant posture, and if you arengoing to be unhealthy and smoke, than smoke like a French poet andnchose a foreign brand of cigar or cigarette, or cigareto, orncigartta. \" Les took a small breath to continue with directions. Henhad a cigarette on his mind but not French cigarette, for he hadnnever tasted one, not in the past three years, he did visit Paris onna family trip with his step father, mother and aunt, but he quit fivenyears before and has been trying to stay fit and healthy and rid ofnall tobacco products, and even liquor. Camel. CamelnLights. Rolled Top. Rolled Camels. American Spirits ultra lights. GodnLes needed a smoke. A sweat broke out on his face and then. . .n\"ENOUGH ABOUT THE EIGHT BALL. I DON'T LIKE THAT NAME. Give menanother.\" Demanded the sphere. \"Another name?\" Les tapped onnhis helmet and shifted his weight to one side. \"Hmmmmm.\" Lesnkicked at the ground as if a pile of dust rested naturally under hisnfeet. But not dust flung from his heels, for the entire floor wasnmade of iron steal and titanium. A long and tiring rumble passed overnthe ceiling, as if a giant cargo sea ship had motored above. Henignored the rumbling noise and figured it was more unexplained craftynmagic from the ball. The rumble slightly ceased and Les focused allnhis senses on the idea the ball had proposed. He felt kind of honorednto name the eight ball. Naming, titling and calling something,nanything, is a great aspect and achievement in life. Adam wasnhonored, by God, to name every animal and it took him more than fewnminutes. Abraham was honored in naming his sons. Naming, something,nlife, family, books, stories or even UFO's is not something tonsneeze at. No one else has yet. No has yet been honored with namingnsomething most men had never lied eyes on. A unknown object with nonname. \"Hmmm. That will take some time. I believe, and most peoplenon earth, or in life, or on the other side, give names before theirnchild is born. That means names are chosen before you enter thenworld. But yours was not.\" Les said flicking the underside of hisnnose with the upper knuckle section of his index finger. \"Now thatndoesn't include everyone.\" Les continued standing more erect andneven, at this scary moment, looking prideful and full of pretendnconfidence. If he didn't have confidence before the unknown andngreat being, he had to at least fake it. So he did. \"Many bastardnchild's are named after birth or later in life, or even renamed.\"nLes said cocking his head to one side, scratching his crown and backnof his ear. He seemed complacent, fine and controlled. Possibly ifnyou pretend you are confident, eventually, you will become confident.nIt is that way with all things in nature. If you act like a poet longnenough, Bam, you become one. If you pretend you are an explore, ansearcher for science and nature, then you wake up one day to realizenyou have done great things for mankind. Pretending is just asnpowerful as really doing something. There is little differencenbetween the two concepts of pretend and reality, once the idea is putninto action, than the action takes over and becomes reality. Pretendnaction doesn't take but a quarter of a second to become real. Lesncontinued and this time as if he were a great scientist at work withna UFO. Then, it a half heartbeat, Les became completely and utterlynconfident. He sniffed, stood, spoke and thought like a scientist.nEven though he majored in theatre arts in College, and fiddled withncreative writing and even studied the great stars on the far, farnouter edge of the milky way, he was becoming a confident researchernof science. He sniffed again, stood up straight and with a resonatenvoice he poised and prepared his dialogue for the black ball, andnsaid, \" Hmmm. But, see, your not a person. Not a real person. Yournnot a human. Not even a pet. Or a plant. Your just well, a blacknfloating sphere. I guess it would be absurd to name you otherwise,nbut I shall. It would be hard to name you after anything earthly, butnearthly things are all I know, for I'm still flesh and still human,neven though I have been zapped to this other dimension and trapped innthis quad. Hmm. This is tougher than I thougt.. Your onlyncharacteristic that reminds me of earth, or life, or the other sidenof this other side, is, well, your voice. Perhaps I shall name younVoice.\" \"Never mind my name. Now lets begin the next procedure.\"nThe ball said with out a hint of apoplectic loss of control. Thenball's voice seemed darker and more still and stern than before.n\"Questions matter now. Questions are more important than names atnthis point.\" The ball announced to Les. Les sat down in the middlenof the tall square room with his legs crossed over at the knees. \"Ok.nYou want me to ask a questions.\" Les paused and looked back at thenwall behind him as if a thousands souls were imbedded within thensteel thick texture invisibly. \"Yes.\" The ball returned.n\"Questions are more important than answers here. I will allow younto ask me three unanswered riddles that have be left a blank in yournlife. Than I will return with a temporary answer. For no answer isnpermanent. Next, I will ask you three more questions in response tonyour initial three questions. The three questions will be relevant tonyour asking. Is this clear.\" THe ball ended with a question. \"Inguess so.\" Controls came in. \"Les do you hear me. Hello Mr.nGenes.\" It was George. \"Les. Are you there?\" George was growingnimpatient trying to get Les to respond. His voice was staticy butnstrong. \"Uhhh. Yeah. The ball has set down the line. She, or it, ornhe, or whatever the ball is, wants me to ask it three questions.nQuestions that have be unanswered in my life. Then, it will give menwhat IT called a temporary conclusion and then return with threenrelevant questions of the matter.\" George voice vanished. Then, inna heartbeat or two, the petite man began to speak over the speaker.n\"Les. You must not ask questions from your life. We have assignednquestions for you. Readings show that the volume on your speaker isnturned up too loud. You need to turn it down. We don't want thenunidentified object floating over your head to pick up on ournconversation. Its top secrete between us. I want you to peel backnyour right wrist cufflink. The arm section of your suite arenunderlined so it's protected from the outside air. Double layered.nPeel back your cufflink and there will be two buttons. One east andnone west.\" \"I don't know my east from west in here. There is nonsun around.\" \"Oh, yes. Push the button to your right.. . .nonwait. No. The one to your left. DON'T push the button to yournright. Comprenda.\" The petite man said over the speaker earpiece.n\"Ok.\" Les peeled back the wrist cufflink and hit the button.nSuddenly, a small screen popped up on his face mask. \"It saysnmenu.\" Les said as he stared at the small baby blue screen blinkingnbefore his nose.\" Les had never worn such high tech equipment innhis life. \"How do I work it?\" \"Simple. Look at the screen onnyour face mask and then touch the section that reads Menu.\" Les didnso. Then, the screen flashed and ten small boxes appeared. The firstnrow ran across his brow, five boxes reading, File, Edit, View,nInsert, Format Tool, Type. The second row ran from his left temple tonhis right and across the upper section of the translucent facemask.nThe row revealed the following: Tools, Table, Window, Help, Type.nThe type screen opened for him to communicate if the microphone wasndown. Tools, table, window, and help still blinked on the screen.nThese words were followed by small icon, which floated under, in thenshape of a small rectangular piece of paper. The icon allowed a blanknpage to be opened. \"Which word do I touch now?\" Les probednputting his hand down by his side like a trained officer. \"Files.nDo you see Files in one of the rows?\" It was no longer the petitenman's voice. George had jumped on the microphone, and conqueredncommunications between the new employee and controls. It was Les andnGeorge to keep this game in gear. The petite man with the dissimilarncolored eyes twiddle his thumbs for the meantime and licked his lipnindicating that break time was on it's way. The petite man was notna smart and educated as George but had a larger appetite and was fullnof will. He would never leave Les on the other side. George wasngetting to the meat of the matter. \"Files? Oh, FILES.\" Les saidnexcitingly as he touched the file's icon. A new gray column ofntitles arose in a vertical stack reaching around six inches long. Andistant thunder rumbled from nowhere as the menu dropped down alongnthe touch screen on the center section of the mask. \"Do you want mento read to you the documents?\" Les asked. \"There before you are anworld of documents. All in your program. All at your fingertips. Anworld of documents awaiting to be opened. We don't need you to readnall of them. We will take care of that. What you need to do is tonfind a program that reads RECORD. Hit properties. It should benunder the word SEND TO.\" Les searched down the column and found thenproper document that was needed. \"Yes. I found RECORD. What do Indo?\" \"Hit it.\" George said. Les touched RECORD with his indexnfinger by pointed at his eye. It felt like he was poking himself innthe socket but the facemask to the helmet acted as a Football facenshield. \"Now find the. . .the small RECORD icon. It is in the shapenof a hand held tape recorder.\" Les found the small icon with nonproblem. It was before his upper lip. It was as if he was attemptingnto jam himself in the nostrils as he computed and touch typed on thenblue touch screen that rested on his face mask of his helmet. \"Thisnis odd.\" Les reported. \"It feels funny typing this way. It isnlike the keyboard is on my face.\" The RECORD program jumped up onnthe blue screen. \"There is a screen that looks like a tapenrecorder.\" Les said eyeing the hovering heaping round mass of anball above his head. The ball seemed to wait on him as he set up thenprogram. \"What is the first question?\" \"It will display on yournscreen, Les. Has it popped up yet.\" Les waited impatiently.nFinally, after two more tiny heart beats, the screen revealed thenPROGRAM key along with a blinking box for the sake of igniting thenrecording process in the RECORD program. The icon began to flitternand the tape symbols on the screen began to roll in digital motion.nThe recording was in progress. \"Wooohoooo.\" George reached fornhis old Ranger's ball cap he use to wear in the lab in college, butninstead he palmed a hand full of hair. \"The first question will popnup. Look for it.\" George said with a catish grin. He was happy thenprogram was going as planed. \"Will go down in history for thisnmonsieur.\" George patted the petite man on the shoulders andnwhacked him on the rear with a solid slap. \"I see it.\" Lesninformed him. \"I SEE IT. Look.\" The question read: Where arenyou from(Fill in proper response)? \"Where are you from?\"nLes read from the record screen. The communication was about tonbegin. Soon George would be recording live dialogue and possibly anwritten test from a real and genuine UFO. \"I am from a place wherenthey don't end their questions with a preposition.\" The ballnthundered back. \"Ha.\" George screamed. His throat was dry andnparched from thirst. \"They have a sense of humor. Did you herenthat. Did you here Chuck.\" Sometimes George called the petite mannChuck because he slightly resemble Chuck Norris, at a distantnprofile. As the ball spoke the letters rattled across the squarenblank white section of the screen. \"Oh.\" Les seemed slightly rednin the face. He announced to controls, \"It told me it was from anplace where they don't end their questions in prepositions.\" \"Oh,noh, oh,\" The petite man spangled in the back ground. \"I got it.\"nThe petite man took over the microphone. \"Tell them. Uh, sorry.nTell the black ball that you are from a place, uh, I mean, say this,nWhere are you from, uh, Black ball.\" Les repeated what he heard. Itnwas funny that they created this long system and made a few mistakesnin it—like grammar mistakes. But the program was real enough andnhighly inventive and original so Les gave them four stars for trying.nIt's hard to set up a program for the Other Side. \"Where are younfrom, Black Ball.\" \"My name is not black ball.\" The black ballnreturned. \"My name is Voice. Remember.\" The black bounced like anbubble on the end of bubble and Les harked in the interior microphonenin his helmet. \"Uh. It's name isn't black ball. It wants to bencalled Voice, now.\" \"Voice?\" The petite man returned. \"Oh, Ingot it. Simply say, Where are you from Mr. Voice?\" \"But sometimesnthe great black ball sounds like a female. Perhaps we shouldn't putnMr. before IT's name. How'about' just calling it Voice.\"nGeorge snapped on. \"Yes. Just call it Voice. Don't use a gendernright now. We aren't even sure if it's male or female.\" \"Insee.\" Said Les. \"Ok. One more time.\" Les stood up straightnunder the mighty black ball and addressed the respective butnrepetitive question. \"What is your name Voice.\" Les realized henwas asking a previous question and clicked his helmet with his palm.n\"Sorry wrong question.\" \"BE careful Les.\" George demanded.n\"Be very careful. Try again.\" \"Ok.\" Les took in a heave ofnair and began to tear up. For some odd reason he was afraid for hisnlife. It was as if a streaking lightning bolt was going to rain downnfrom skin of the black ball and explode his head. \"Where are younfrom, Voice, sir.\" Les realized he goofed again. \"Damn it. I saidnsir.\" \"Rephrase, rephrase, rephrase.\" George and the petite manndemanded in spitty shouts. \"Ok, ok.\" Les grunted. \"Where arenyou from, Voice.\" The ball bounced and returned, \"East ofneverywhere, north of nowhere, west of wherever.\" The screen beforenLes's nose blinked and a curser jumped on and began to printnexactly what the ball said. It was as if the ball's voice typed thenwords. East of Everywhere, North of nowhere, west of wherever.n\"What?\" Les questioned the ball once again. The ball repeatednitself with the exact same inflection and tone, \"East ofneverywhere, north of nowhere, west of wherever.\" \"I guess itsnfrom East of everywhere, north of nowhere and west of wherever.\"nLes informed controls. There was a small lull and then a scratch.n\"Les. That is not a location. Ask it again.\" \"I already askednit twice. Why should ask the same question a third time.\" \"Justndo it.\" George demanded with a deep resonant and commanding voice.n\"Ok already.\" Les took in a huff of air and spat out the questionnonce more. \"They want me to ask you for a third time. Sorry. Wherenare your from mighty ball, I mean, Voice, sir, I mean just Voice. Mr.nVoice. Or did we agree on just Voice.\" \"YOU IDIOT. WHAT IS AnMATTER WITH YOU. WE AGREED ON CALLING ME, VOICE. TRY AGAIN.\" \"Oh,nshit.\" Les mumbled under his breath. \"Ok.\" Les needed to get itnright this time. He would make his next question simple, upfront, tonthe point, exact and repetitive. Perhaps repetition would work. Itnusually does in all cases. At least science seemed to proof so.n\"Where are you from Voice?\" \"East of everywhere, North ofnnowhere, West of wherever, south of somewhere.\" The voice returnednwith out a hint of hesitation. That was knew. Les thought. Hmm. Southnof somewhere. Hm. \"George did you here that. It said south ofnsomewhere.\" \"Yes we heard. Its still not a location. We have itnrecorded. We are with ya.\" A moment of pause. Les lookednbewildered. Then George snapped on with, \"There is no city in thensouth called Somewhere, there is no town, or county or place in thenwest called Wherever and there is certainly no destination in thennorth called Nowhere. Lets move on to question number two.\" \"Ok.\"nLes smiled shrugged his shoulder and acted as if he was doing a soundnjob. \"What next?\" He grunted back to controls. \"Hang on.\"nGeorge was back on the line. \"Read the second question Les. Hurry.nWe don't have eternity. Come on chap.\" George seemed to be fakingna British accent for some unknown reason. \"Chap? What is this KingnGeorge and the Dragon.\" Les returned. \"Sorry. I've spent somentime in U.K. building this program. Ask the next question old boy.\"n\"Old boy. Really. This is getting annoying.\" Les instructed.n\"Drop the Limey routine.\" The petite man warned George. \"It'sna cumbersome.\" Les stood erect and hit questions number two on thentouch screen before the bridge of his nose. \"I touched it.\" Lesnhappily said. The next screen flipped on with a fizz accordingly. Itnwas similar to the question number one screen. It had a thicknborderline trim and a question, in quotes. The question was thenfollowing: \"Why are you hear?\" Les seemed to deliver half thenquestion sucking in air and half the question exhaling. The suit wasngetting stuffy and Les was still faint from being empty with outnbreakfast. \"Why are you hear?\" Les said again fighting off hisnhunger pangs. \"WHY AM I HEAR?\" The black ball reversed thenquestion, like a smart interviewee would do in a big time interviewnfor a corporate business job, or important film audition. Les had hadnhis hand at audition in the past. Lately, he was concerning returningnto a private institution, near his apartment complex, not far fromnthe factory, as a playwright, possibly even in journalism, hell,nmaybe as a graduate creative writing MFA. This meeting and unreal,nsurreal experience would not hurt his preparing to be reeducated innthe future. Les had much on his mind as the black ball came in with,n\"WHY DO YOU WANT TO KNOW LITTLE FELLOW.\" Little fellow. Lesnpondered over why the ball would call him little fellow. Littlenfellow, little fellow. It began to echo and replay like a scratchednCD. I'm six foot. I weight about a hundred and fifty. I have darknhair. Thick dark hair. Very bushy eyebrows. Sharp shoulders. Whynwould I appear little. Little is someone no like me. Les silentlynforwarded his inner dialogue as the ball bounced and seemed jigglenand guffaw. \"YOU ARE A GRAIN OF SAND COMPARE TO ME.\" The greatnball echoed off the walls. \"I am.\" Les said in a small voice.n\"Oh. Well. Can you tell me why your hear anyway.\" The ballnexpanded and electrical pulses began to envelop itself and a rumblenarose like distant hellfire. \"DON'T GET SMARTY WITH ME LITTLEnTYKE.\" The ball's fine black skin seem to grow coarse and itnalmost appeared to have small pubic hairs floating and curling out.nThe electricity petted around the balls surface like a strange fierynhand calming the furry scalp of a dark cat. \"Jesus.\" Les hit hisnknees. He could feel the heat from the static bubbling above him.n\"Don't kill me.\" Les begged. He was not at his weeping pointnyet. Not yet. \"Controls. You'll never believe this. Fierynlightning is spilling from the balls outer surface.\" \"No fear,nLes. Stay calm. The ball is merely regenerating. It has done thisnbefore. With our last employee.\" \"Last employee. There was onenbefore me.\" \"No reason to discuss this now.\" The petite manninterrupted hogging the microphone from George. On the other side, innthe control booth back in the factory, a kettle was steaming. It wasnteatime for George and drip coffee time, or café', as thenpetite man call it, for his assistant. \"Les. Hang on. Talk to thenother one.\" The petite man got on the line. \"How's it hanging,nold boy? How you doing Les? You hanging in there?\" Les got off hisnknees and ran to the corner of the large empty silver room. \"Notnvery fucking good man.\" Les hurried and hit the corner. The ballnwas vibrating and hissing. \"Its making loud noises.\" Les said.n\"Don't worry about it.\" The petite man said filling his coffeencup, with the words Late Night printed on the exterior, to the brim.n\"We are having coffee, and tea. I wish you could join us. By thenway it's break time for you. You should do find in the corner. Oh,nI forgot to tell you before letting you cross over. There are somenhandy snacks inside your shoulder pouch. There should be a zipperntracing down your left shoulder, oh, no it's your right. The leftnshoulder is your cyanide capsule.\" \"Cyanide capsule. What thenhell.\" \"Oh, don't take them.\" The petite man said. \"Let mentalk to George.\" Les demanded. The ball began to follow him to thencorner very slowly. Very slowly. \"Jesus God, it's coming to me.nThe ball is on its way. It's going to eat me, or some shit.\" \"Sonfar it hasn't eaten any of our employees. To be honest we havenrecovered all their bodies safely. No worries.\" \"All theirnbodies. Hasn't eaten any? What are you telling me. There was morenbefore the last employee you were talking about.\" He seemed to havenslight hint of fear shaky in his throat. \"Several have attemptingnto get past the first question. None so far have succeeded. You arenthe first to make the first round. Congrads. George passed thencroissant and whipped butter.\" The petite man said as he peelednback the butter lid and dipped his flaky 7-11 croissant into thenvanilla colored silky mush. \"Hmmmmm butter. Don't forget aboutnyour handy snack in your pouch. Remember right side. Don't messnwith the left side. Not yet. Don't worry so far no one has had tonopen the cyanide compartment on your suit. Bon appetite.\" Les hadnlost his appetite. Sweat had accumulated on his brow and was leakingnlike crazy in his eyes and amounting in his eye sockets. Les was notnjust fallen into a madden fearful whirlwind but having a bit of antrouble taking in natural breaths. \"What the mother of God isnhappening here.\" Les commanded. There was no answer on the othernend. Just a long, painful, silent nothing. \"HELLO. DAMN IT.nHELLOWWW.\" Les urged in a shout. The ball began to lower notch bynnotch to the brim, throbbing, and flattening into a lumpy oval shape,nof Les's skull. In quarter beats it would jolt further downnmatching his cheeks, chin and then to his chest and lower torso. Lesnhead yanked back hitting the back of his head against the hard stealnwall with a sharp, dull thump. The ball probed his every ounce ofnlife. As it swirled before him it transformed from lumpy oval tonrigid amoeba shape and then back into a perfect sphere. A rumblenbelched form the center of its black fluids. \"I give up.\" Lesncried. \"Some one help me. Some one.\" A small static investednvoice, in a low itsy bitsy hum retorted, \"Tea time man. Chill.\"nLes could not tell if it was George or his assistant. He didn'tncare at this point. Les had one thing on his mind and that was thennext movement of the strange unidentified object. He had is mind onnthe bounce of this strange ball. I wonder what the gates of heavennlook like. Les silently prayed. He seemed to make an earnestnpetition. God please, just this one time, please let it go away.nThen, before a grasshopper could fling off a hot rock, the ball wasngone. Vanished. No where to be found. George's voice pullednthrough the fog of fuzzy whisper. \"It's non existent.\" Georgenreturned with a supplicating inflection. \"Les. You ok. Did you findnthe handy snacks.\" \"Is this some kind of sick joke.\" Les saidnclinging to the two corners of the silver room. \"Well, no. It's anhighly respected and significant experiment in Unidentified flyingnobjects. Well, this one is an Unidentified bouncing object.\" Lesnattempted to wipe the sweet from his brow but only met glove tonhelmet. \"Its gone.\" \"It'll return.\" George sighed. Look,nI'm taking down a scone, and jelly and polishing off my Earl Grey,nis there anyway you could just calm down and have a snack.\" \"Pissnoff.\" Les said and jumped up. A handy snack was the last thing onnhis mind at this fearful moment. Les ran to the corner of the silvernroom at a dead sprint. He banged heads with the corner wall and fellnto his bottom. \"Doors. Doors. Where are the freakin doors someone.\"nStatic filled his ears as he screamed into his microphone. That thingnis a fiery ball of hell. Les silent said to himself. Pure hellfire. Ingot to find a way out a way out. \"Three more minutes. Where is thenexit?\" A scratchy voice filled his helmet. \"Three more minutes mynass. Where are the doors?\" This was obviously one of Les's worstnteatimes in the history of teatime. \"There are no doors Les. Eatnyour handy snack and shut up. We are going silent for the next threenminutes. Over.\" The voice of Controls fell dead. A sharp clicknsignified there would be a lull of silence. What to do. What to do.nLes mumbled in his head. That thing is coming back for me. And therenis nothing more frightening then a electrical ball that sounds like anGreek God of War. Les began to relax a little as he slid down thenwall like a overly weather stormed snail. \"I've got to find anway out God. Do you hear me. God. Are you listening, to meeeeeeeeee.\"nLes had chosen the religious path for the meantime. Possibly what hencould not see, smell, touch, hear and feel could come to his rescue.nOh, what a rescue he needed. What a savior he needed indeed. Thisntopped all trappings that Les had fallen into. He found himselfnsurrounded by the unknown and mysteries character. He was more thanntrapped. Les was slowly being scared alive. This forceful empoweringnball was eating at his existence just by dangling and bouncing overnhis head like some black moon inches from his crown and he had nonclue why it was before him, why he was working for this crazy companynand what the outcome would lead to. Better dental, betternhospilization, better retirement, better over all benefits, workman'sncomp, better work environment, better union, better business, betternhealth, better fossilization, better trepidation, better arbitration,nbetter mastication, better education, better ahhhhhhh.. Then, in twonseconds flat it was gone. The ball was nowhere to be found and thisnpetrified Les, almost more than it's strange unexplained electricnoutbursts, began to cry. Now, there was nothing. Nothing but a largensilver room with nothing in it. He missed the ball. He missed it'snhellish floating presence. Its He wailed. Tears flowed. A knotnformed in his throat the size of Texas. He was overwhelmed, shaken upnand done in. \"This is it.\" He cried. \"Its all over now man.nIt's the end. The chess match is check mate and I'm the mate.\"nHe hollered into the nothingness of the silver room. Echoes whimperednback at him like a faraway symphony in the dark night of CentralnPark. It was the quiet before the storm. HE wished he was back in NewnYork. During Winter. All the white snow on the fields of concrete,nthe side walks, hot dog stands, fruit stands, bananas and dates,nbowls of cereal early morning, sunshine through a tall edifice,nhanging, dangling above, a bridge, two bridges, the Brooklyn bridge,nthe East river, Houston street, the opera singers in and on the nrunning subway, Broadway, neon lights, Walt Disney, musical, musicalnBjork cries MUSIC, Lion King, Rebecca Gilman, The Glory of Living,nAna, her passions, Carrottop and more, and more, and At & T, LiamnNeeson, the stage, his acting buds, his writers friends, GrandnCentral Station, yellow cabs, talking about Arthur Pen, the beats,ntalking about Jack Keurac, Burroughs, Ginsberg, Junkie, Naked Lunch,nTalking about other books, talking about the lions in front of ThenNew York City Library, watching the dogs at the dog park, studyingnthe dogs, wanting to be a dog, a German Shepard, a Dalmatian, nwanting to be a cat at Petcoe, a new cat, purring, purring, near thenBarnes and Nobles at Union Square Park and by the Farmer's market,nmuffins at the farmer's market, muffins at the corner store, bluenberry muffins, large muffins baked with jay, THC, marijuana, thinkingnthey are baked with THC, whacky tobacky brownies, happy Thai sticknshakes, they taste so good, taste, glasses of wine, wine bottles,nChâteau, Merlot, white merlot, Sauvignon, wanting to die,nGarden Of Eden, Duane Read, Armani Emporia, pea coats, stolen peancoats, running with a full book bag stuffed full with a brand newnArmani zipper jacket, so I can dress up for The Push, for the nextnbig night club, my new velvety skin, rock star sink, showing up atnthe KGB to listen to a great writer read a one act, he wrote Jesus'snson, too crowded, rubbing up against some middle aged lady with anpersonalized smell, sweet smell, a young smell, she smiles as shenrubs her round hip against my dick, I get hard, I leave, embarrassed,nsweaty, I go to, I go to google for more answers, more porn, morenideas, more religion, then, an old antique stores near the movientheatres down by the village, the villages appear before me, all thisnhistory to sit on, to lay on, to sleep on, to masturbate on, to makenlove on, all this history to. . .to China town, NYU, china Town,nChinese food, run, run, run, jog to the park, joggers at the park, sonmany of them, all business men with fancy car West, rich joggers,nwriters, non-writers, hot dog stand help me find home, and no no nonno more hot dogs, the winner at 44 dogs at once, Asian guy, 145npounds, GOD the bliss, the fucking liberty, the lady, and then, nonmore thin, thin, think more, thinner and and and then, an old booknstores near NYU, Washington square park, Lincoln standing frozen notnfar from Gandhi, frozen, like the snow that last for so long, sonlong, so long. \"And I'm the mate. And I 'm the mate. And I 'mnthe mate. And I'm the mate. And I'm. . .\" Then, \"Controls.nControls to Les can you hear me. Control to Les Genes.\" Les paused.nHis mind was racing like a ceiling fan blowing on a sicklynhypochondriac in the middle of December. \"LES COME IN.\" Controlsndemanded. George had his lips pressed up against the shaggy skin ofnthe microphone. \"LES.\" George slurped on. One more final time onnhis steamy thermal coffee cup and then he dumped the remaining blacknliquid in a healthy round ceramic cup that read Late Night. \"I'mnon my last cup here Les. We have been waiting on you for an hour. Ifnyou don't answer back we are cutting the line and sending Shel in.nYou don't want us to send Shel in. If we send her she'll get mad.nShe hates going to the other side. And if you think the sphere isnfrightening wait until you meet Shel. She's German. Strong and shencan take down a stick of chocolate faster then you can say Nantucket.nDon't you worry Les. Don't you worry man . . .\" George tried tonwork out the lump in his throat. Tears began to rise. \" Don't younworry man. We will come and . . .\" \"Shut up.\" Les whisperedninto the microphone. \"Something is about to happen.\" \"What?\"nGeorge said flagging down the petite man munching on a garden burgernand rice cakes in the corner of George's control room. \"So wendon't have to send Shel after ya.\" George informed Les. \"No.nChill, George. Don't send anyone. I complete the task on my own.nI'm brave enough. Just remind calm. And tell everyone at controls,nall two of you, that I'm going to pull through and finish up thenprogram.\" \"Good for you.\" The petit man said swallowing thenlast bite from his vegetarian burger. Les stood up and began to pacenback and fro. A strange wind had picked up. A circular wind. A windnLes had never felt before. It wasn't strong air stream, like in anthunder storm, but it had kick. The wind pushed him back and begannto circulate before his eyes, with more force than he had evernexperienced in a lifetime. \"There is an odd wind tunnel forming innthe quad.\" Les said. \"How strong is the wind.\" \"How strong?\"nLes returned. \"Well, no too strong. Like a land spout or even andust devil.\" \"Is the wind forceful?\" The petite man asked fromnthe corner of the room, zipping up his orange plastic lunch box.n\"Well. No.\" Les said as his buttocks hit the floor and the windnpushed him back against the wall, hard and as unforgiving as annor'easter blowing through a still eve. Les remained calm. Hisnback, ass and side ached in small throbbing pounds, but he ignorednthe throbbing and aching pain that ran in shafts up and down his midntorso. Les sat up, flattened against the wall as secure as possiblenand lifted his head at the hateful wind gusts as it picked up to 55nmiles per hour or more. \"Shit.\" Les groaned as the force of thenwind stabilized him against the hard pressing silver wall. He couldnnot move. The force was paralyzing him. \"Les. What is the noisencoming from quad? It sounds like a Tornado has touched down innthere.\" George was not far from the truth. \"Nothing.\" Les saidnback in the helmet mike, lying through his teeth. \"Its nothing.nJust a dandy. A little breeze that's all.\" He said to George asnhe braced himself and tried to remain somewhat sane. A largenmonstrous whirlwind, scoring a four, which is like five stars if onencompared weather storms to the movie world and the adjudication ofncinema, or like the 'thumbs up' in Ebert and Roeper film reviewnbook, and on the tornado meteorology rector scale it had won annAcademy award, and a Cannes jury prize, and it was about to achieve antornado of the week weather club award in the local Tornado watchingnclub in the heartland of a tornado belt, and with out any mercy thisnmighty force had just unpredictably appeared before him in the shapenof a magnificent, black spiraling cone shape hand of death and it wasntaking no prisoners alive, nothing not even Les Genes and hisnprotective government issued scientific chrome, canvas and leathernbody armor. The wind was out of control. Les considered ripping opennthe pouch on his left shoulder. Was that the cyanide capsule or thenhandy snack. Death or light snack. He was so afraid Death would benthe only option now. But for some reason Les continued to face thenmysteries black best. Face it with out considering any other options.nOr any other doubts. The wind gusts hurled him tight against the hardnsteal wall. It had become ruthless. Beyond hatred. Beyond pain.nBeyond revenge. Even beyond Les's prayers or fiendish or evennfondest wishes. It had reached a point more dangerous than thenwildest animal or sharpest and quickest weapon. It died down a bitnand then picked up with great and mighty force, giving no mercy tonanyone in it's deadly radius. The pressure increased in the roomnand the spinning cone spun faster and closer to Les's thicklynlayered facemask. It was no more than two inches from his frame. \"Hisnsuit is taking damage. Much damage. The pressure has increased in thenroom and the wind has picked up over 100 miles per hour. The metersnmust be off.\" \"That's not good\" George said. The petite manninformed George. \"Whatever has appeared in the room, it is creatingna deadly wind. 100 miles per hour wind gusts are not easy to takenon.\" A silence entered the control room. \"Now is the time to pullnhim out.\" Les felt his rib cage snug tighter to his body as hentried to breath against the forceful squally grip of the blackntwisting gale of tornado death before him. His chest began to sinkninward to his heart as the black beastly tiny hurricane inched closernto his mere existence. \"Les is a dead man. He's got to be.\" Thenpetite man said to George. \"Its not 100. Its 1,000 miles per hournwind gusts.\" \"The meter is way off.\" George retorted. \"Therenis no way a man can stand that much force. What is that in knots?nHe'd be in shreds. Even with the suit. Have you ever been in seanstorm. A hurricane. That wind speed is worse than a hurricane. It'snworse than a nuclear bomb blast, man. There is no way in hell ournsuit is that strong.\" The petite man informed him that it was andnthe suit had flexible titanium supports and liquid metal surroundingnthe seaming. \"It's lined with titanium and new type of alloynbeing used in NASA. It hasn't leaked to the public. But it has anliquid metal skin. Like in that uh, Terminator movie.\" The petitenman lit up a cigarette and took his coffee of the burner. He seemednrelax. \"The suit can take anything. Even a nuclear bomb blast.nTrust me. We've tested it.\" The petite man relaxed into hisnswivel chair broke his butter croissant into tiny bite size pieces.nThere may have been an ounce of fear in the jittering of his fingersnas the his snack was tossed into his little mouth. \"I hope thenmeter is off.\" The petite man said drowning down the bits of breadnwith his hot coffee. He twisted the top of the ice cold bottle ofnEvian and slurped a gulp of it's purity and swished it around innhis mouth, cleaning the coffee of his teeth. This made him look morenunder control. \"Les. Is the ball still present in the room withnyou.\" George's eyes were wider now and he held the end ofnmicrophone with mighty grip. \"No. Its not a sphere any longer.\"nLes returned in the helmet's mike. \"What is it now?\" Georgengrinded through his teeth. He knew Les was in deep you know what.n\"What? Tell us. Give us descriptions.\" George demanded. \"Whyndid you not hook a camera up to this damn suit.\" Les whispered withnlittle breath. \"It broke. All we have is sound and the touchnscreen. We can only communicate with you through the mike and thenletters that you print across the screen. Tell us vocally now so wencan know. We need to record the information. We must accomplish whatnwe set out to do.\" Les began to describe his environment. \"Its nonlonger a massive ball. It has changed.\" \"Changed into what?\"nGeorge probed. \"What?\" He demanded once again. His voice wasnraspy and weak, as if he was hung over or had not slept in days.n\"What has it changed into?\" George's voice was echoing intonLes's head. What, what, what, what, what, what. What did it say?nWhat does it look like? What is this strange object before you? \"It'sna mad storm. A whirling tornado from hell.\" Les's voice resonatedninto the mike and caused George's eyebrows to raise. A slight smilenlifted on the petite man's face. \"What did he say?\" The petitenman asked George. \"It's a mad storm. It's no longer a sphere.nThe shape. The shape Les. Give us more details.\" Les sat up andneyed the spinning demon before him. \"Well. Uhm. It is hard tondescribe. Its hissing like a thousand cats in heat and its body isnround, cone shaped, long, black and twisting beyond any tornado Inhave ever scene on TV or screen. Its beyond my imagination. I havennever seen such a sight. There stands a devil before me. Howling andncrashing around the room.\" \"Look at the ceiling can you see thenceiling.\" \"Yes.\" Les returned. \"Yes. It has blown the roofnclear off. There is nothing but blackness where the ceiling once was.nThe outside completely opaque. No stars. No sky. No sun. No moon.nNothing. Just a black void. A hellish descent.\" \"Is the conenascending? Is it spinning in place, tilting side to side? Does itnrevolve, rotate? Does it speak like before? Describe the scene Les.\"nGeorge demanded. Les could hear George light up a cigarette in thenmidst of his plea. He was actually enjoying himself as he drainedninformation out of Genes fearful state. It could be Les Genes lastnmoments in existence and George was only concerned with the UFO'snform, presence and it's behaviors. \"Does it still speak?\"nGeorge asked again inhaling off his Camel filter less. He was gettingna little high as he recorded the unknown subject. Les winced andnbegan to tremble. He predicted that he was being used for info. Henwas on a one way trip to a means to end. He was a sacrificial lambnfor science. Les was just a device. He wasn't human to George andnthe others. Controls didn't care about Les's future endeavors.nThey did not care he had plans to write a novel. They didn't carenhe wanted to compose a series for a national television program, ornact on Film. They didn't care about Les's goals in life. He wasnsome stinky employee, some rate in a maze designed to feed backnvisual and audio information and whatever senses could be recorded onnthe RECORD program. Control could care less. Les's future dreamsnflashed before his eyes. He wanted to build a house on the cliff'snof Santa Monica, raise three little girls on the beach and take themnto Disney Land, or Epcot center, wake them up Sunday morning fornBible School at the nearby church, long strolls through the park,ntrips to Europe and help them with homework, and art projects. Butnnoooooosiiiireee. Les was boiled down to the means of some lab monkeyndesigned for recording info. How despicable Controls was. Hownhurtful, and putrid. Les wanted to buy a grenade and stick it downnGeorges mouth. Controls didn't care he wanted to create an album, anCD with his guitar and book of poems. What about the sail boat henwanted to build and how he wanted to retire in Malabo Lagoon.nControls didn't care that he wanted to surf and swim in the Pacificnand head off to far away islands and drink fancy Merlot, oh how hencould taste the deep oak taste and the musty age of the red taste ofnheaven, in France and stay at a bed and breakfast in Normandy andncreate documentaries with his old college peers. controls only carednabout the UFO and the information that could be contained about thenquad and the Other Side. They only cared about the silver room andnthe progress of science. Fuck em. Les thought. Fuck Controls. FucknGeorge and his RECORD program. I got to find a way out of here. Thosenson of a bitches have trapped me in this quad of hell. They sent menhere so they could learn. ASS HOLES. \"What do I do now?\" Lesnasked George in a calm and almost tranquil state. He showed them nonsigns that he had nearly lost of control and fallen into the arms ofnfear. \"After I describe the cone to you. Am I finished.\" \"Well.nNo. You have not completed a simple workday. You have four more hoursnwith this thing, whatever it be. You must wait it out until we bringnyou back to earth's reality. Then, you can return home.\" George'snvoice sounded shaky. \"Third question Genes. You must ask it thenthird question in the RECORD program.\" Les tapped the touch screennon his faceplate. He felt like some slave working for an evilnEgyptian. When will Moses come and free me now. Les mumbled as henfumbled with the touch screen to set up the proper procedures tonrecord the unseemly sight. The screen beeped on and a list ofndocuments opened. \"Fine question three under the program.\" Georgencommanded. \"Ok. Give me a breath or two.\" The wind had died innLes's breath and the mighty gale had lessened a little and the conenhad decreased to a smaller state. The hurricane's twisting cone wasnweakening, but had still kept the form of a small tornado. It wasndeath defying but understandable in form. Les tapped the menu optionnon the touch screen that read RECORD. His hands and finger werenjingling from fear that he could properly work the program. \"Remembernthe record document will appear under the menu bar, and don'tnforget to press it twice, that will open it and the third questionnwill print across the screen in bold black Roman Times Font. You gotnit?\" To seconds blinked by and Les was in the correct document. Hisnfinger were poking at his eyes, nose and chin like some one man threenstooges show. Of coarse he could not purge himself because of thenthick glass constructed on the front of the protective facemask. \"Gotnit.\" The third question appeared and Les poked at it with his indexnfinger. A few black lines printed a legible question before thenbridge of his nose. After he poked it twice the question separatedninto two lines. Into two parts. \"What is your goal in the quad? Andnwhat is your world like?\" \"Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssss.\" The conenretorted. Les through his hands back and in instinctual reaction henformed a cross sign with his index fingers. The spinning conenexploded like a small crystal wine glass filled with gunpowder wouldndo after hitting a fiery bonfire. Small speckles of white sandnclumped together in a giant silvery sparkling ball the size of angrain of sand. The larges mass of twirling hell that Les had evernlaid eyes on now was no larger then a booger speck from morning eye. nIt hovered over Les like the star of Bethlehem. \"I am the Star ofnGodswing. It is distant world far from yours. We are a planet of lostnangels. Three lost angels that did not chose side when the warnbetween your God and Lucifer broke out. We have come to a placenbetween heaven and earth. Purgatory. We have come here to scare offnall people that have been saved by Christ. You Les. DO NOT BELONGnHERE. YOU MUST RETURN TO EARTH. George and the others do not know Godnyet. Your job is to enlighten them. They have tricked you and younhave become weak. Do not fear. We are sending you to help others.\"nThe star that floated before him blinded his sight. He squinted andnturned his head away. Les blinked over and over again until his sightnbegan to return in small little black spots. DO NOT FEAR. WE WILLnSEND YOU AS A SHEPARD. The star shrank into a tiny light the size ofna speckle of dust. \"YOU MUST RETURN HOME. BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE.\"n\"George. Its not a UFO. Its not a UFO. I'm not in some oddndimension. You have sent me to purgatory. I'm in a place of thendead. Between heaven and earth. The object is an angel. It wants younto send me back. It has warned me. I must get back.\" \"We can'tnbring you back.\" George sadly informed Les. \"This is a one waynmission. We had to do it Les. For science.\" \"Bullshit. Bullnfucking shit.\" Les demanded. \"I'll find my way back.\" Lesnrose to his feet. He let his shoulder set back and he stuck his chestnout. It was time to step out of the suit, it was time to face thenangels, the unknown room and the other side as flesh, as man, as one.nHe would ask the floating mass of sand, \"How do I get back.\" Hentwisted the helmet off and a cool breeze fell over him, soothing himnin a deep trance. He was warm on the inside and his skin revealedntraces of goose bumps. \"I have anointed you. Close your eyes andnwalk into the wall, it will turn to water as you pass through it. Younwill appear in the ocean West from where they sent you. The saltynocean will cover you, submerge you, wash you clean. You must swim tonthe top and emerge from the waves.\" \"How far out will I be fromnshore.\" \"Don't worry the angels will be there with you when youncome up from the water. The currents will take you to shore.\" \"THEnQUESTION. ASK IT THE QUESTION.\" George screamed. A little voicensqueaked from the helmet as it sat lonely near the corner of thensilver room. Les ignored it. Just then the touch screen began tonprint a series of words across the screen. It ticked and squalled asnthe words flipped across the touch screen. Les did not care. Henwasn't concerned with controls any longer. Les closed his eyes andnwalked toward the iron colored wall on the opposite side of the room.nNo door to be found. There was no way out. But he walked anyway.nBlind. Blind to the path before him. Blind he still moved on. Hoping.nPraying. Searching for a exit. With out warning, the touch screennbegan printing like machine gun fire. One word after the next swamnacross the screen in short sporadic bursts. Les continued on. nIgnoring the beeps from the helmet left behind. Ignoring the highnpitch scream from the sand speck above him. Ignoring all thingsnvisual and just walking to the sound of his heart beating in hisnhead. Slowly marching with his eyes closed waiting to hit the waterynwall. The seawater will send me. The sea will wash me clean. It willnwait for me. To take him to the top. \"My God. It's speaking tonus. I don't think Les can write this quick.\" The words spatnacross George's computer screen in blue crisp letters. \"What isnthis. Its all jumbled. It doesn't jibe.\" The screen revealed thenfollowing information. This may provide you with an answer aboutnthe Other Side, lost ones. A voice arose in the control booth.nThe following information made George raise his eyebrows, crack hisnneck to one side and grip his chin with a hooked finger. It madenabsolutely no sense. \"This is brilliant.\" George grabbed thenpetite man by the back of his neck and yanked the petite man's facenbefore the main boxy, glowingly green, beeping monitor. \"Absolutelynbrilliant. We have stroke gold.\" The words raced across Georgesnwordy computer screen with incredible and apoplectic speed. Time hadnreduced to the next breath for the onlookers in the control booth asnthe words printed out in one continues long rail of knowledge andnunheard of reasoning. Thegreekstoldthestoryoftheminotaur,thebullflesheatingmanwholivedinthecenterofthelabyrinth.nLABYRINTH.thentheofiicerswhowereoverthethousandsofthearmy,thecomandersofthousandsandthecommandersofhundres,approachedmoses.HECURSEDTHEFIGTREE.JESUSWEPT.sec.8thecongressshallhavepowertonlayandcollecttaxes,duties,imposits,andexises,topaythedebtsandprovideforthecommondefenceandgeneralnwelfare,nwelfareoftheunitedstates;toborrowmoneyonthecreditoftheUnitedstates,openyourearsforwhichofyouwillstoptheventofhearingwhenloudrumorspeaks?here'sknockingindeed.ifnyounhavetearspreparetoshedthemnow,youalldoknowthismantel.irememberthefirsttimeevercaesarputiton.hownowspirit!whitherwanderyou?Overhill,overdall.thouspeake'staright;iamthatmerrywandererofthenight.hullo,here'sMr.pim.allimustdoiscrytobethebabytobeanswered,I'mtthereasonforthetao,thezenandthemaster,midwayinourlife'sjourney,iwentastray.thelawn150poundsnwillnevermakemenfree;itisthemenwhohavegottomakethelawfree.theyaretheloversoflawandorderwhoobservethelawwhenthegovernmentbreaksit.don'taskmeforagoddamncreditcard.onenoftheearth'scrustmostdynamicandcolorfulbuildersisthevolcano.declinationcirlce.adeclinationcirlceiseastytouse.lookwereyouarelady.youareoncrustanditwillcrackandsplitwithmightydisaster.thenextstepinvolvedextensiveeconomicaidforpostwarrecoveryinwesternEurope.atthewar'send.ntheeuropeanwarwillneverend.THEENDOFTHEBEGGININGWHILEDUSTANDGASWEREACCRETITING. Les's hands grasped the wall and henbegan to notice the hard steel texture transform into water. It wasnnot merely water but salty water, splashing foamy slicing salty waternfrom beneath the sea. This is not thenword of Science. This is the work of God. Les silently said asnrushing ocean water enveloped his ever tissue, aching bones andnpressing muscle. Les stepped into the salty water and began to floatnfreely. Bubbles surrounded him and engulfed him in a chilling, coolnblue sparkling heavenly tranquil of cool, thick salt water. He wasnunder the sea. His mouth full of air, his time reduced to his nextnbreath, the moments and minutes of this marine and salty realitynshow, attenuating in each movement, his air cut out, but his freedomnto swim away from the quad grew in each effort and gesture to livenand come to surface, for resonation, restoration and oxygenation.nLife now was reduced to the next breath. The itch was to find anpocket of air, a place to breath and take in the sweetness of life.nThe waves, overhead, crashed like ballooned drums banging away atnsome Atlantis festival for Poseidon. Les looked back and saw the topnof the underwater rectangular steal roof, and it's geometricnfoundation, which was surrounded by a translucent, round and circularndome of strangely thick but impressively translucent material, toonclear to be glass, too perfect and serene to be man made, but madenfrom an unknown source. Les figured it was the protective coveringnfor the lab and the quad he once occupied. Through the clear dome,nLes saw seaweed growing from the quad's hardened manmade skin andnit looked as if it had rested under the sea for a quite some time., anlong time, due to the cracks and green algae clinging to it'snsynthetic hard, gray alien skin and under the foreign glass likenmateriel, which did not shield it from water, but from somethingnelse, possibly aquatic life, other men, possibly it was a filter fromnthe aqueous pollutants of the sea, or possibly it was simply antranslucent protective covering made by the scientist, but he doubtnit because of it's perfect shape and unknown texture. The dome hadnto be protection for the underwater lab, or possibly something tonlook through, like those tiny glass toy balls, or even domes, thatnencase a holiday tableaux, capturing a small winter snow stormnenveloping and sprinkling white magic over a lonely brick cottage,nisolated from the reality before the small dome above it, and thisnscene, made from plastics and cheap pigment, you know, those smallnworlds, what most people call \"shakers things\", those gift shopnpresents, the ones a consumer would buy in a seasonal gift shop ornmagazine stand at the airport near the Christmas holiday, to jigglenthe snow, or rain, or fire storm that lay on the floor of it's toynworld, whatever the background inside the glass toy holds, you know,nthe ones that stage the small house of Santa Clause and his reindeernand Rudolf and his glowing red nose. All you must do to activate itnis shake the dome and snow spills inside and all around and floatsnslowly down like tiny round angels; alone with crystal flakesnspinning over the snow covered cottage roof and the icy skins of thenflying deer, unanimated, frozen and awaiting a child's smile. Allnin the palm of your hand and awaiting the new arrival of weather,nwhatever the color, texture, or shape may be. All of it, the entirenfrozen world awaiting you to close the fist, shake, and bring about anwinter storm, inside this glass bubble. The synthetic diaphanous domenmade to look as the world should not accept anything that isn'tnfestive, happy, planned and perfect in nature and special warm, snownfalling moments; Kodak moments, as the TV add announces. Such a toynawaiting a child's mind, hand and smile. Now Les had identifiednwith this underwater quad, or toy, or lab, or scientific playground.nLike such a toy, a delicate glass toy laying at the bottom of thensea, awaiting some giant Titan to pick it up, raise it out of thenwater and to the clouds, shaking wildly to and for, till the snowyntoy innards blocked the scene from view: Surviving tropical storms,nthe cadavers of dead sea creatures and the harsh call of the spermnwhale could never, could ever pass the glass through, shatter or evennscratch the clear magnificent colossal dome, only what it allowed tonpass, shall pass. . .It seemed to block out all unwanted visitors,nkeep at bay all those who held interest to it's incomprehensiblenmysteries. Was it for science, for God, or for play. Les did not knownthe answer for it's structure, whereabouts and reason for being atnthe bottom of the sea. He paddled toward the surface gasping andnchoking for air, salt filling his eyes, blinding, hazing and glossingnthem to a blurry finish or sight. But still he kicked his legs, andnstiffened his toes, and like a pair of humming bird wings, he flew tonthe top of the sea, inflating and pulling the rib muscles of hisndiaphragm that expands and inflates his lungs. Air was the meaningnnow, not the motive for the dome, but air. Gasping, begging andnpleading for simple air. Water, water every which way, but where doesnthe wind touch the bay. Where is the wind? Les screamed and paddlednto the top. He was panicking for a breath. He would never make itnthis way. He had to think of the dome. He had to find meaning in itnas he swam to the top. The last thing Les could think of now, wasnair, or breath. He had to keep that off his mind. He had at least anhundred yards of blue water above him. Then, with out notice, anschool of yellow and black, tiny fish engulfed him. He had comenacross an aquatic family of tropical trouble. He made it through thenbody of fish, and in not ten seconds flat another body of fish nippednat his existence. There scaly bodies scrapping against his ribs andnshoulders and forehead. Spinning off into every direction, to explorenthe sea for algae and other seafoods. Les was making it to thensurface. Soon, he have air, but he could not think of it's sweetnhoney taste. The taste of life with out air, is sour, bitter andnhurried. AIR. Air. No Air. Les thought gulping nothing, swallowing anlump of panic. No more about the air. Now I must consider where thendome came from and the black ball motive. He kept his mind on thenquad and the experiment and on controls and George and his raspyncoffee voice. It won't be long. He had fifty yards to go before henreach life. Sunrays sparkled down, in thin round shafts, like longnangel arms reaching for his heart, his breath and his soul. He keptnhis mind of the surface of the sea. He only thought of his paddling,nkicking and moving his body like the perfect aquatic mammal. He evennlet out a small burping cry, as if he wore a dolphin, seal or killernwhale. Les no longer thought like a man. MY LIGHT. My sun. Life. Thenlife. The air. MY LIGHT. The sun. He was thinking like the sea. Howntempteous and arrogant the sea had been toward mankind. All thenexplorers, searchers and sailor it had called upon, wore endless innnumber. How many had falling to it's water temptation to fallnvictim to what it gives to us and then takes away. The sea and it'sngreedy nature, sucking man to the bottom of it's endless depths,ntempting the most courageous, out to wonder it's endless, hauntingnunforgiving rainy hands, casting storms and blowing man of coarse, tonfind it's way, to the barren salty undulating desert of hate, lovenand tortures crashing entitlement. My SUN, MY LIGHT, MY LIFE, MY SUN.nHe was thinking like the sea. Like the sea, and it's selfish ways,npulling man and women, to sail its promising. Where man once walkednit's water to prove his endless sacrifice. Where men had beennswallowed whole by it's beast, to prove their Gods. My SUN, MYnLIGHT, MY LIFE, MY SUN. He was thinking like the sea and all it'snstrange creature. MY, MY,MY, MY, MY, MY, MY. My Suuuuuuuuuuun. Mynliiiiight. My life. He was thinking like the sea. He twisted his headnover his shoulder as a drop of seawater leaked into his ear. He stillnhad many yards to complete before reaching air. Got to keep my mindnon paddling, on the lab, on the something else. God help. Then, henturned back. There it lay, almost undulating, because of the blurrynunderwater current, at the bottom of the sea, alone, investigatingnwhat is unknown to man, a quad, a experimental scientific lab, out tonadvance all of us. Should I got back to it. Should I return to thenquad. Possibly look for an air pocket or break the glass, tap on thenroof, maybe the UFO will let me, give me air. Les was halfway. It wasneither to the top, or back to the quad at the bottom. Air was runningnout. His face was purple, his eyes bulged from the pressure, his soulnturning pale. He had to get hisnmind of the hunger of air. He began to list his knowledge of AngelnFish. Scientific classification of Angel Fish belong to the order ofnPerciformes. He began to beg God for more air. Then, he back to thenlisting from his library of memories, call title Angel Fish. TruenAngel Fish make up the family of Pomacanthidae. Yes. This may work.nHe was swimming quicker to the top now. Approaching the life of airnawaiting him to consume. Pomacanthidea. Butterfly fish constitute thenfamily Cichlidae. French angelfish are classified as Pomacanthusnparu. He was gasping for air, beginning his first stages of drowning.nHe had not sucked in a mouthful of waster, or what he thought of asnanti air, not as of yet. His thoughts starting to chop inside him. Henwent on with the scientific classification keeping his mind off thenpanic of not having air. Queen Angel Fish are classified asnHolocanthus cili. . .cili. . .he began to slip. He was drowning.nDrowning his thoughts, his mind, his soul now growing pale. Cili.nCili. You silly boy. She was next to him. Her long, curvy dancernbody. Long and smooth. Her brown beautiful eyes. \"Silly boy.\" Shensaid to him rapping her arms around him. Cili. Cili. What is it. Yourncoming to me. He wanted her. He could have nothing else. Her legs.nHer milky thighs. Her thick, pointy eyebrows. He wanted to cum in hernbeauty. He needed her like he needed the air. Cili. Cili. Cili. Cilinwhat? Cili what. He got it. Another school of Angel Fish pokednthrough him. Somewhere a seal squeeling under the top waves. Choppingnhis fins like a broken windmill. Cili. Cili what. He gasped. Gapingnin nowhere land. In a world of water. No air. Cili. He was no longernthinking like man. He was becoming the sea. Cili. Cili what. I gotnit. YOUR SO SILLY. She said smiling next him, almost as if she hadnbecome a mermaid to take him under. He could only see her in hisnmind. Her voice was with him. Close to him. Too close. It was him.nCili, cili. Got it. Ciliraris. The queen fish is classified asnHolocanthus Ciliraris. It was working. He was not but fifty yardsnfrom the top of the water. He was no longer Les Genes. He had becomena ray beam, a shaft of sparkling light, piercing and striving towardnthe heavenly air awaiting his taking. All he knew is itncould have been something illusionary, artistic, but nevertheless, itnwas unknown and unfamiliar to his nature as a man. But, never mindnthe philosophy of it's being. It is under the water, awaitingnanother to be zapped through the incomprehensible glass dome andnappear inside to talk with the omniscient round blooming star, thatnlooks like perfect black ball. Les had experienced it. Touched it.nTalked to it. Communicated with what most men have only dreamt ornscene in motion pictures. He had passed through the invisible dome,nand into the other side (Whatever the other side was, world, fictionnor unreality.) He had savored what was meant to be cherished and hadnviewed with his own eyes, something sacred, unknown and private, tonman, and all who want to know. American society, European minds, andnthe worlds comparing nature and it's reasoning, and it's allnknowing, omniscient ways, now became private and close to Les heart;nas it beat under water, beneath a quiet, world of washing breaths andnfizzing-hissing and roaring tranquility. The lab, or whatever it be,nwas, to Les, an underwater test sight that housed the unidentifiednobject that raged inside it's protective shell. Rectangular at it'snbase and gingerly covered by a mystical, perfect glassy dome,nreflecting all images, objects and anything living or dead,nreflecting it, as if it had, the passer, never glimpsed, not even toninstinctually guess, or even with his or her supposed sixth sense,nwould even know it existed below the crashing waves. The domenrevealed what was double in nature, it mimicked and mocked thisnunderwater world, with it's power to reflect to the exact quid, tonthe exact form and movement, and to create a perfect illusion that itnnever existed. It seemed to vanish as Les floated slowly to thensurface. But Les squinted his eyes, coerced his vision to take sight,nand as bubbles climbed toward the heavenly air to burst and gasp tonnothing, Les took in it's ever form, it's ever corner and curvenand glassy illusion. Oh, Les saw the unknown structure, the amazingngeometric sight of master skill and genius hands. It was not made bynman. Oh, No. No one would dare to give this artistic and scientificngift that lay before him, the name of human kind. Nothing thisnperfect, this tricky, this crafty and well designed and functioned,ncould be crafted by the grace of man. The underwater current wasnstrong, stalwart, rushing in sporadic gusts, submerged waving softnwater forces, as if from tiny hands, crashing against him like andance, a dance of the dead, but Les fought it with strong persistentnkicking paddles from his feet and hands. He was not going to let thisnwhirling wrestle take him in and under it's suffocating fate. Tinynephemeral crystalline rays of light duct in and out of the waterynshadows from undulating seaweed and the imminent and awaiting andnapproaching corral of coral reef, seeping towards him, like anslithering opaque sea monster scrapping it's slicing skeleton hardnbelly, unwillingly and with unforgiving speed. He was approaching thenceiling of the sea. He seem to shake as if he had fallen into a vaguenand mild ague fit. Bubbles spat from his lips as he rolled his eyesnto the angelic light sparkling down in short angular, separating cutsnand beats, sliding side to side and up and down and every which way,nin a tribal drumming rhythmic bop, in long saber like rays andnflailing shafts of light, like the passing overhead nimble beam fromna movie house projector. The bottom of the salty and sandy world henhad entered looked like a desert land saturated in a blue floating,neuphoric jell, a land of clear liquid slow movements and unexpectednactions. One small brief moment tempted him to swim down and touchnthe bottom floor, sink his hands and fingernails, into the silkynmystery of the bottom of the ocean. But the dead ring of sweet airnhissed above his head, calling him to life, to breath, to action, tongo on. Bubbles began to arise as he paddled with all his might to thensurface. He was not far from the shore. Very close. Very close tonperpendicular standing. To becoming terra firma and upright. He couldnsee the light flicker again, and again, like the shutters on a movienprojector on the top skin of the water, hissing at him, tempting,ntormenting him to live and almost at a hypnotizing celerity. Atntimes, he thought he was in a pirate film, looking for some magicalnblack pearl and adventuring to a lost island. On the skim lay a milkynwhite foam of fizzle and it wavered along the water, the separationnbetween drowning and breath was not much different than thenrelationship between life long coupled identical twins. \"You arenfree Les. Free to swim to the top.\" A small voice arose from thenechoes of the sea. \"Go on. Don't be afraid. It's only thenocean. Swim. Swim to the top. Take in the sweat essence of life.\"nLes did not question the soothing angel like voice. The voice, small,ninnocent, pure and exactly familiar. A voice he almost touched fromnit's nearness, a voice he recognized and an identified and neverncould get off his mind as a small child when he played in the darkncloset with his tinker toys and rusty fire engines. Les began to dognpaddle toward the fiery orange ball that seemed to draw all hisnattention like a drifting well fed sponge. The quicker he paddled tonthe surface the larger the orange sphere, now above his head, dilatednand the more yellowish white and intensely bright it became. This wasnthe sun. The light. My light. Les jealously thought. My life. Thenlife. It was his chance to dream again. He opened and closed his eyesnin short, lightning speed blinks as the salt water stung, like annarmy of microscopic bees, in the corner of his peering glassy eyes.nAs he clawed his way toward the sparkling sunny rays he begun to hearnhis heart pound, like a banging blue drum; hard gulping cry,npattering, thumping, calling through his chest. It was the calling ofnlife beating away inside him. Meanwhile, Georgenand the petite man began to save the chattering dialogue on floppyndisk. The words from the alien flew across the screen with lightningnspeed: Thesun,itsnuclearfurnacevnewlyignited,sendsoutafiercesolarwindandpowerfulradiationthatsurgepastthestill-moltenplanetsandblowawaydustandgasesleftoverfromtheformationmovinginwardfromtheepidermis,large,thin-walledparenchymacellsmakeupthecortexwithoutenteringthenCells. Without Entering the cells. \"Are you getting all this George.\"nGeorge flipped in a new mini disk into the CD rom. \"Yes. I think. Inthink I am. I'm getting it, Sir. Its too much but I'm. . .butnI'm, well, I'm getting it.\" The words did not hesitate to slowndown and allow the lower beings to take in the dazzling new news.nMusic will ariveweclometonschoenbergtransfigurednight,haydnsymphonyno.78incminor.brahmsop.15iii.rondo,conclusion,beethovensymphonyno.5mozart,shostakovichsymphonyno.1.musicwillarriveexitandarriveandpartandrebel.n. . A small foamy piece of spit hung fromnthe petite man's bottom lip as he broke out a memo pad and began tontake notes from the monitor screen. George's mouth hung low and hisneyes filled with awe and outrageous musical light. \"The words. Thenwords are continuing. Get the speed. How fast. How fast are theynprinting across the screen. How fast is it speaking?\" The petitenbegan to count each word as it spit across the monitor. \"I guess anline every half second, maybe quicker.\" Then a pause filled thenroom. The words now increased to a sprinting celerity. A speed beyondnthe capability of any reader. \"Its really moving now. Three to fournlines every fifth of a second or so.\" The petite man could barelyncount, as he clicked the stop watch and dotted on the memo thencalculations. \"Lets celebrate. We have finally documented it'snlanguage. We know how it speaks. It can use our language. Letsncelebrate.\" George hugged the petite man as he turned up the smallnAM/FM radio alarm clock to the local classical channel. Mozart'snPiano Concerto No. 14 in E-flat, K. 449 (iii. Allegro non troppo)nbegan to blast away on the laughingly small speakers. \"By George wenhave done it George.\" The petite man hollered as he danced to thentapping piano beats, flickering and bouncing off the corner of thenenclosed control room. \"Its not over yet. It hasn't slowed down.\"nGeorge informed the petite man with his sincere brilliantly bluenfilled eyes. The monitor screen printed the following with Godspeed: DNAisapolynucleotideeachnucleaotideisacomplexof3subunits-phophoricacid(phosphate)apentosesuger(deoxyribose)andanitrogencontaining,organicbase.Closedwind+eggclosedwind+eggclosedwind+egg.nChickenortheeggchickenortheggeggeggeggeggeggeggeggegg. GoodbyenGeorge. In the same instance George readnGoodbye George, Les Genes birthed through the top skin of the oceannwith one triumphant inhaling breath. Awwww. His face no longer feltnthe pointy sting of the salt, or the shifting weight of the thicknessnof the underwater revelry. Water droplets slithered down his neck andnspit onto his shoulder as he lifted to the cloudless sunny sky. Not annimbus in sight, no even the fain paint brushes of the hint ornbeginnings of a cloud. The first sound he could here was faintnlaughter. Then, the seagulls. Then, the waves crashing. Then thenmisty foam shaking against the rocky surface. All of this beauty, nownin his sight, awaiting for him to take in, walk on, lie on, love andneven consume. The sound of children laughing filled his ears. It wasna complete sound. Full. Whole. And heart warming. Not a bunk breathnin their beings. His face filled with a blood red glow. Life was atnhand. A beach full of sun bathers, kite flyers, boogie boarders,npainters with thick beards and round happy bellies, that used sandynmediums and giggling cute, castle construction workers the size ofntall and round Lilliputians played along the beach under thenantemeridian hours of, what seemed like Les's first day. And then anwonderful thought landed in the center of his brain. He survived thenexperiment. He survived the strange factory, the quad, the UFO, thencrazy hurricane, the urge to down the cyanide capsule, or drown, ornlose sight of his future, or the fear of being a lost rat in ancomplex maze of science, crackers and cheese. He was maybe a hundrednyards from the shore. He began to kick his feet, point his toes andnfreestyle toward the childlike laughter. His freestyle stroke was notnbad since the last time he had gone swimming was a year ago. Elbownbent, arm under the belly, under the torso, and over again and overnagain and over again. Elbow bent, arm under the torso. . .he couldnhere his swimming coach echo in the faraway chambers of his mind. Thenol thick gal with the soft skin, flabby firm arms and the manlynvoice, from his old university. She was right there with himninstructing along the way, as he inched his way over the climbingnwaves and the watery, crashing sounds of the ocean hitting shore. Henwas free styling toward the beach. He was young again. Full ofnbreath. He was alive. Taking in air. Heart racing. A wave swamped himnbut he did not fret. No fear. He had taking boogie board lessons as anyoung child when he visited Saint Martin and remembered to dive undernthe wave if it were to topple over. Go under it, let it pass and thennswim before the next one takes you into the corral. It was that olnvoice again. He ducked under the wave and let it's thundering crashnpass him. He returned to the surface of the water and cut through itnwith all his might. He peeped down into the ocean water and viewednthe sandy, shell covered bottom. The corral was passed him. He wasnnear the shallow end. Near the shore. His feet touched sand and henbegan to wade his way to the beginnings of the shoreline. Thenshuffling sound of water hitting his hips arose. The swooshing andnhissing sound of salt water falling from man and hitting the topnsurface of the water. He was going to make it. No. He made it. Henwould soon be on dry land. George popped in a new disk as thencomputer main frame began to smoke. \"Its too much. Its too muchninfo. Its frying the hard drive. Will need more space.\" \"CALMnDOWN. ITS NOT THE END OF THE WORLD GEORGE.\" The petite man screamednputting the coffee pot on the single burner. \"Did you feel that?\"nGeorge probed. A serge of static electricity filled the room. Andnthen whiteness. Pure blank and blinding whiteness smothered over themnand carried the control room away. III Story three: The Lady from LongnBeach. Daynone.n 12-24-00. Queen Mary she'snmy friend. I want to see hernagain .—Bob Dylan. I have arrived in LongnBeach. It's hot out. It's around Christmas time. December 24thnin the new millennium. The people at the front desk at The ParadisenGarden apartment complex are chipper. There is one lady with red hairnanswering phones. She seemed clear headed. The other lady hasnbrunette hair and has a body to die for. She looks a little Italian.nThe land lord, or the head of the office, is a husky man, most likelynItalian decent. He doesn't have an accent but looks like he is fromnPhilly or New Jersey or somewhere north east. He seems nice. Thenwhole place does. There is a fairly large swimming pool, it has andeep end and I there is a work out facility under the main office. Itnhas a treadmill, and one of those universal machine weight things. Mynapartment is not that big. It has one Murphy bed, a small kitchenettenwith electric stove, oven and a sink (with garbage disposal.) Thenbathroom is very small. One toilette and shower. Also, there is anvanity mirror with a sliding closet door. Surprisingly, there is anlot of closet space. I checked out the surrounded area. Luckily,nthere is a 24 hour fitness. I have become a member. Gave them mynChase card and I'll begin working out tonight after I apply for anfew jobs. I'm thinking about hitting a few restaurants in SantanMonica. Also, there is a Barnes and Noble. I'll apply there andnlook up some talent agencies in the area. Hopefully, I'll be on NBCnin a few weeks. I'm still moving in, boxes are in my place, andnI'll have to unload all my appliances and stuff. I haven't got anTV yet but I brought my small jam box. Tonight I'll have a fewnpower bars, do my sit up routine and read an entire copy of BacknStage West. Not to exciting huh. I plan to visit Hollywood in a fewndays. Day two 12-26-03 Day after Christmas. Indidn't call home for Christmas but I sent out a few cards andncalled my Memar in North Richland Hill, Texas. I have just graduatednfrom U.N.T. with honors. I received a national golden key award andnwas put in the 2000 National Dean's List society. My favoritensubjects were drama and English. I came out to Long Beach to breakninto Hollywood. I hope it works. Its funny being here. Palm treesneverywhere, there is an airport not far from the complex and mynmother works for American Airlines so I get flight benefits. I'm anD3. That means I fly standby. Being a D3 has provided manynopportunities to travel. I've been allover. France's Paris,nNormandy, and other small cute towns near Belgium. I've been tonCzech republic and even performed on stage in the great theatre townnof Brno. It was, at the time, having a sexual revolution. I got anchance to drink Absinth( wormwood.) I've been writing beforencollege. I started writing seriously when I was in High school andntripped onto stage, where I found a love for acting. I played allntypes of characters. Ben Gant in Look Homeward Angel, Boo in thenMarriage of Bette and Boo and the pilot in The Good Women ofnSzechwan. I thought I'd have to go to junior college beforencollege, but I didn't. I got a scholarship in Drama at TexasnWesleyan University and acted for three years there. I played Stanleynin Street Car and even got to tour with a children show called thenMenaechmus Brothers. I flipped out at around twenty one. I thinknsomeone slipped a micky in my drink. I was coming back from a gay barnin Dallas called the Village. I'm not Gay but I was playing a gayncharacter in Heidi Chronicles and I wanted to study the gaynlifestyle. A few weeks after visiting the Village I fell into anpsychosis. I was acting funny ever since I started studyingnhomosexual. I forgot my name, and seem to float around campus in anhypnotic state, waving at people. I tried to run off after my parentsnenrolled me into Charter. I jumped the fence and ran from thenhospital. Some cops picked me up on the shoulder of the highway andnreturned me to Charter but I convinced my aunt to take me to anvegetarian restaurant before putting me back in the mental hospital.nI told her, \"I have some coupons to a veg restaurant but I have tonget them at my dorm.\" She, being naive and she drank evian, so shendecided to drop me. I ran up to my dorm and searched for my keys. Inwas not allowed in the room so I had to get the RA to let me. He letnme in and I found my keys near my typewriter. He was watching me likena hawk so I picked up library book, The Biography of Bertrand Russel,nand dropped it at his feet. Of coarse he bent over to pick it up andnI ran passed, stuck the keys in my ignition as he tried to rip themnout and I bit him on the arm. He screamed and I drove off and ran outnof gas in Missouri. I stopped along the way to steal gas, dine onnchips and water at Mexican food restaurants and later dug out of thentrash at Taco Bells to survive. After a week of living on the streetnI called my mother and she and my step father fly up to drive the carnback and fly me to HEB mental ward. HEB was hell. I spent weeks therentaking respiradal, halodall, lithium tabs and so on. I was diagnosednwith every mental illness, even shizophrenia. I had it all. Bi-polar,nmania, depression, OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder) and so on. Infinally gave up on all mental illness and quit believing in sickness.nIt was killing me. Not the sickness, but the belief in the sickness.nI don't believe in mental illness or sickness period. I startednreading up on Christian Science and realized that illness andnsuffering is brought on by the believer. Its all about believe in thenend. Anyway, I don't have time to give you all the details journalnbut I figured it would be important to let you know why I'm outnhere. I may be crazy but at least I know that I have a dream. Havingna dream can cause sanity. Its fun to be out here in Long Beach. Inhaven't met anyone yet, but I'm nice to my land owner and I foundnan acting class in Back Stage West. I'll keep in touch. One play Inhad constructed a costume design for was entitled The ImaginarynInvalid. It's written by Moliere. Most likely I am a hypochondriac.n I'm not saying that I am but I could be overacting. I heard HowardnHughes (being OCD) wrote a book to his mail man on how to delivernmail and use to eat fudge by the pound and only eat from the centernof the desert and toss the remaining away. Got I have so much on mynmind. There is a Howard Hughes Aviation center off the highway nearnUCLA. Daynthree 12-29-03 At the gym I've beennwatching KERA and the hunting methods of wild tribes in North Africanhave caught my attention. Hunting is something my father and I did. Inwas much younger. We mostly hunted wild dear, boar and turkey. Dadntaught me how to call turkey. I could really do it well when I wasntwelve, my voice had not changed back then. I could really call them.nFlocks would show up. I could only mimic the call of a hen. I knewnthe come back call. That is an emergency call. It signals the othernturkeys to come back and around to protect the gobblers and mothernhen. Its ten long squeals spaced in between just right. It takesnincredible rhythm. I could really do it. The ol turkeys would rannaway from dad shot gun blast and I sit under his tree, on a log, andncall them back. The poor things would come running right into hisnpellet fire. They say that complex languages are built from thesenhunting methods. I called a guy name Ruskin for acting class. Henstudied with Sandy Meisner. He has a cute little school located nearna small airport in some town off the highway. Not too far from LA. I'm thinking aboutnsetting up an interview with him. The school meets to times a week.nIt's called Ruskin School of Acting. I'm glad to document mynstruggles in Long Beach and my suffering I must endure as an actor.nKERA announcer, for the hunting ritual show and the documentarynfootage of Africa, and modern man's DNA code, its an interestingneducational program. Anyways, the program narrator quoted a greatnwriter in saying, \"One man's journey is everyone's story.\"nI'll keep in touch journal. Daynfour nn12-30-00. Journal. How are you?nI've been thinking about abortion lately. Before I left to LA fromnDenton I was dating this wild red headed actress from AMDA. She wasnacting at an old theatre my good ol drama teacher opened. Her namenwas Vic Storms. We made love a few times. She was good in bed too,nbut our relationship did not work out. We should of not had sex. Inwas safe. I used a condom. She said it broke one evening and told menshe was late a few weeks later. Anyway, I met a younger girl who wasnstudying scene design and costuming. She was the one with thenFleetwood Mac song for the first name. Nice young lady. Anyway wenstarted camping and dating and fell apart from Vic. It wasn't longnuntil she called me and told me she had become pregnant. I told her,n\"I don't believe you.\" Little did I know she was seeing a newnman at the restaurant she was working in. She kept telling me, \"I'mnpregnant.\" How did I know she was really pregnant. How do I knownshe wasn't fibbing. Making it up. Or how do I know it was evennmine. I didn't see any blood test and I didn't see any pregnancyntest. 1-01-01 New Years was lonely.nNo beer. No wine. Nothing. I watched the skyline from my balcony. Inhaven't go a TV yet. 1-02-01 I haven't been eatingncorrectly. Only dates, power bars and dry foods. I have lost myndesire to cook and I hate fast foods, so I've been turning tonnutritional bars. They are most likely to high in sugars so I'vengain a little weight. My ideal weight is one hundred in fifty and Inam around one fifty three. I'm a perfectionist so I have threenpounds to drop. I have found a running trial near the aqueductsnbehind the complex. So, I've been getting up at around 7AM andnrunning until 8AM. Sometimes I run longer. One morning I ran for twonhours straight. I just put on my headphones and listening to the LosnAngeles Phil Harmonic or the Rock station or switched the station,nlistening to various artist, from Duran Duran to Metallica to NewnOrder and Back to Beethoven and Bach. I don't feel good. My legsnare always tired and I'm over exercised. Sometimes I'll go tontwenty four hour fitness and work out for two or three hours.nStretching, doing yoga, lifting weights and so on. I recently went tonan audition for Al Charlens Shakespeare company in the hills of CalanBasis. I was accepted into the troop and cast as Starveling in a MidnSummer Nights Dream. I'm going to take it. They are a small groupnand they perform in parks through out L.A. Most are inspiring actorsnand many of the actors want to do film work and television. I cannidentify with them. Oh, I forgot to tell you about my new car. Mynsister lent it to me. It's a 1998 Camaro. Leased. Brand spankingnnew. It even has a CD player. It hauls, so I can keep up with thenfast pace L.A. traffic. 1-12-01 I totaled the car. Inwas coming back from Rehearsals and I made a wrong turn across a fournway stop. Actually I pulled into incoming traffic. I was starving fornthe role and wasn't paying attention to the light signals. Inthought a had a green arrow and it was a green light. So I ran a rednarrow. Shit. The car right side is completely smashed in. I got hitnby some blond muscle guy on a Harley and Davidson. He had some blondnchic on the back. They both flew off the bike and landed in thenintersection. I thought the Harley dude was going to beat me up butnhe just told me, \"Head out of your ass man.\" I was humiliated.nOne of the mechanicals, Snug, was at a Mobile across the streetnfilling up his gas tank. He walked over and stuck his head in thenpassenger window of the smashed Camaro, \"Are you ok.\" Snug askednme. I forgot the actor's name. I told him everything was ok andnpulled the car to the side of the road. I did not see the motorcycle.nGood news I found a acting class in the Hollywood Hills. This mightnwork out. I might land a commercial or a film or something. The ladynis really nice that teaches the class. She was in Pee Wee Herman'snBig Adventure. She played Samoan. Anyway, I'm doing better. I havendropped the car off at a Insurance place to get appraised. Thenappraiser told me it would cost a few thousands to repair the side.nIt's being worked on a the present moment. I have used a credit carnto get into a Rental car. It's all or nothing now. Right now, I'mndriving a Acura. It really picks up and goes. It's nicer than thenCamaro. Faster too. 1-13-01 I smashed the Acura innan underground parking garage. I was backing up after a job interviewnfor Barnes and Nobles and hit the back left side. Damn it. I have tontake the Acura in. Luckily, I signed on for rental insurance. So, thencar is insured. They are currently fixing it. Now, I have a newnrental car. It's a Honda Accord, but I'm taking it back. 1-14-01 I've traded the Hondanin for a Ford Focus. The ford is more my style. Its got large frontnwindows and their wide windows. It allows the driver more eye lines.nI can really see all around me while I'm driving. The car has theneye line a helicopter would have. Its neat. It has a CD player and anreally nifty air conditioner. It cools you off quickly. It's anhatchback and I have plenty of room for storage space in the back. Indon't need storage space, but I will when I move into L.A. I'llnhave the car for about a month. Oh and it gets wonderful gas mileage.nTomorrow I have an audition with an agent that is housed in the WBnstudios, or that's where her office is. And the next day after thatnI have a meeting with a manager in Santa Monica. Her name is Cat. Oh,nI have landed a manager in Scream Management but I don't feel goodnabout there business. They seem sneaky and I've hear bad thingsnabout them. Oh, and guess what. I got a really cool job. I'mnworking for Go-Between in Beverley hills off of Robertson blvd. WherenRobertson intersects with Whitworth. 1100 Robertsons. The managernlooks like John Malkovich and talks like him too. It's a tough job.nI do much running around. Building to building, dropping offnpackages, scripts and messages. Sometimes I receive odd shape boxesnand sometimes when you shake them they make funny beeping noises:nblack boxes, with gold ribbons that look like a bomb would benimplanted in the center. Sometimes I get heart shaped boxes, ornbaskets with teddy bears in it, or a log cigar box that smells likenHash. Hash brown of coarse. The sizes and shapes are endless inntexture and form. It's a varieties of flavors, noises and messagesntagged to the top. To CCA, To 20th Century Fox, To EllennBurstyn, To Coen Brothers and never stopped. No stop fame in everyndirection. Sometimes the boxes were a simple message to a productionncrew, or a new arriving script or pay check. I'd go everywhere inntown to drop them off. Sometimes at front doors of houses in BeverlynHills, or buildings in Century City or resort houses in the mountainsnof Malabou or the beaches of Venice. One time I received RollynRingwald's pay check and even had a chance to drop of a package fornEllen Burstyn but I got address mix up. I was supposed to drop hernpackage at an agents office in North Hollywood, but I read the wrongnbox label, got the two mixed up, and thought it was a house MalibunLagoon. Anyway, Go-Between fired me because I messed up on my thirdndelivery. Perhaps I ate too much while driving or didn't eatnenough. I don't know what caused me to goof the deliveries. Inneeded a CB radio in the car, but I only had a beeper with screen andncell phone to communicate with. That's what the black gentlemen,nTom Snout told me. He also wanted to run off to New York to study andndo stage plays. \"They'd respect us more if we ran off to New Yorknto study acting.\" I told Snout. The cell calls alone where killing me. So, they let me go. I shouldnof but a radio transmitter for the car. I would of done much better.nI wanted to save the twenty box to have one installed. If I ever donit again I'll get a transmitter. 01-18-01 The smog here is beyondnbelief. You have to scrap the gook off your windshield with a razornblade in order to clear the mess away. The highways are alwaysncongested. Bumper to bumper traffic. The radio stations are awesome.nThere is an alternative station. 94.9 or something like that. Theynplay only original works, punk music, and songs by R.E.M., the curenand David Bowie. They are my favorite. Class is cool with Salinger.nShe has us free associate to find the lines and their truenintentions. Salinger is more concern with what is underneath thenwritten word rather than the word itself. She likes for us to go onnJazz Riffs during rehearsals. A jazz riff is like a sporadicnimprovisation on top of the written text. A jazz riff is spontaneous.nIts personalized or made up dialogue that simply comes out randomlynwithout thinking over the meanings of the text. It is applying yournlife along side the texts life. We 'jazz riff' to take the scriptnand the words to a more personalized level. After emotion arrives,nfrom doing the jazz riff, then, the actor goes into the lines ofntext. This style of acting is primarily for film, and it reallynbrings you closer to the text, in a personalized way. For example, ifnI am playing Oswald from Ibsen's Ghosts I would start offnmemorizing all the lines, then in rehearsal I would begin speakingnthe text and jump off the page and into my own words. Ok Oswald my goninto his \"The passion of life\" speech. Before getting itncompletely across you would side step and begin speaking your ownnpassions of life and not Oswald. Oswald is only words on paper. It isna figment created by the playwright. You are real. This is what DianenSalinger was teaching us. We, the actors, the class, the student, arenreal. We don't need the text to survive in our art, we neednourselves, our own lives. So I would begin riffing on my life. \"Godnwhy did my car have to get hit by a Harley. And why did my puppy dognhave to die when I was seven years old. And why did girlfriend breaknup with me\" and on and on. Also, she had us riff about Apples,nOranges and Bananas. We would say, \"I need apples, I need orangesnand I need Bananas\" until emotion arrived and then we go into thentext of Ibsen, or Williams or Mamet. It was really personal and brokeninto your boundaries. I got choked up one class and burst into tears.nThe lady knows how to teach acting. She studied with Stella Adlernwhen Stella was teaching in New York. I'm was so excited to get tonwork with her. I'll keep in touch Journal. Later. O.H. P.S. Theynare thinking about making a movie about our class. There are fivenwomen and five men in the class. Rease is fromnMississippi and went to college there. He is a southerner so has anbig appetite. He is mostly muscle and is very hansom. He has goodncomic timing and is a great monologue-ist. Charley is fromnCalifornia. He is very thin and has a cat face. He seems a slightneffeminate. I have not asked him if he is gay. He asked to play mynboyfriend in some future film he wanted to concoct. So, I figure henis on the dandy side. I do not hold it against him. I support the gayncommunity. I was writing a script called 40 lines Long about a poetnthat passes out behind a bar in L.A. and wakes up in New York. It'sna adventure story including poetry and hustling. Holly is the beautynof the class. She is prettier than Julia Roberts and has a good soul.nShe is always shining in the face and seems so happy. She is andedicated actress but has much to learn about life. She is slightlynnaïve. Experience would do her good. Leona Smalls. She is thenKathy Bates of the group. Big bone, large blue eyes and full ofnenergy. She can be funny and a little overdramatic. So overdramaticnshe comes off hilarious. She is good natured and is well read. Shenuse to be a dancer for the Hollywood bowl and once dance with anfamous dancer. Unfortunately she had a motorbike wreck and fell intontrauma with her arm. She had surgery and had to have skin removednfrom her buttocks to replace the missing skin on her forearm. Shensurvived the surgery and is doing well. The accident with Smallsnhappen far before I arrived. Promise is very charming and real. Shenhas a rawness and a gritty reality to her performances. She mostlyndoes original work. She is a spitting image to the young blond girlnin Shy People. The rest of the actors are very good looking andnpretty hard workers. They all have a type of method style that isnperfect for the camera. I can't wait to get back to class.nOriginally the class was in a small office building off of Nemonstreet between Santa Monica Blvd and Sunset Blvd. Right now the classnis held off of Mulholland drive at Salinger's and Tom's house.nTom had one an Oscar for editing Witness back in the day. Salinger'snclass is moving closer to Hollywood. Diane wants to open a studio offnof Melrose. The new studio is going to be a loft on top of one ofnthose incense and Asian antique shop. I'll keep in touch. 1-20-01 I got really hungry thenother day. My mother sent me a crock pot so I've been eatingnnothing but black beans and tomatoes. Every once and awhile I'llntry some rice but I'm watching my carbohydrates. Trying that Atkinsndiet. I don't think it works. Many actors are trying the diet ournhere. I don't believe in diets anymore. If you eat too much you getnfat. If you eat too little you decrease in size. Its about balance.nThat's what Buddha teachings. I've been studying the Tao andnreading up on Zen. I bought that new English version of the Tao TenChing. I like how it says, \"Act without doing, work without effort.nThik of the small as large and the few as many. Confront thendifficult while it is still easy; accomplish the great task by anseries of small acts. The master never reaches for the great; thusnshe achieves greatness. When she runs into a difficulty, she stopsnand gives herself to it. She doesn't cling to her own comfort; thusnproblems are no problems for her.\" What I've learned from thisnstatement, or wise words, is that you must struggle in order tonsucceed. With out struggle there is no progression. 've been joggingnevery other day and working out on the gym machines and work outnfacilities at 24 hour fitness. Its hard work but it's worth thenenergy I put in to it. I'm making myself far more profitable thannthe others. Its hard to make your body, mind and being morenprofitable. It takes work, pain, sweat and patience. Patience andnpersistence is the key to good acting. I'm trying to get where I'llnjog everyday but that takes food and food is money and exercise isntime and that creates a whirlwind. I must balance my exercise. I wentntwo days with no food. Nothing but water and tea. When the third dayncame around I received some cash from my father. Two hundred dollarsnin an envelop with no letter, or note or message. That two days withnout food really hurt me. But that is what I was willing to do to makenit. He was mad at me for trying to break into Hollywood and moving tonthe Paradise Gardens. He hinted that I made a mistake for moving tonLong Beach and not Los Angeles. Long Beach is a thirty minute drivento Hollywood, but thirty minutes away is better than a three dayndrive from DFW. I ran down to the store, HEB, and bought up somengroceries. I was so hungry I lost control. I bought a package ofndried pit-less dates, three ultimate protein bar, chocolate-nchocolate dream, a few Tru soy crispy soy bar peanut butter fudge,nsome slime fat meal options cranberry apples, and six Genisoy barsnDutch Crunch Sour Apple crisp. I met some girl in College that wasnon a special diet of protein bars. It seemed to do her good. So, Infigured I get something sweet other than chocolate syrup andncappuccino ice cream. It didn't work. I gained ten pounds after anfew weeks. I got to find a better diet. I'm now close to one fiftynfive pounds. My resume' says one fifty. Tomorrow I have anninterview with WB. At least I'll look healthy for the frog. I'mnonly around one hundred and sixty pounds now. That is what I weighednin my freshman year in College . . .So I'm still proud. I'dnrather be one hundred and fifty. I'm obsess over my weight all thentime. Oh, I'm thinking about putting together a reel. A reel is ancomposite of all the actors work that he or she has done over hisncareer. Its like a automatic audition. The reel speaks for it'snself and acts as a selling agent for the actor. I'm going to usenstudent films and old student videos. Videos my friends and I made innHigh School and College when we were studying filmmaking. Its all Ingot beside the college stage plays on VHS tape. I hope it works. Staynin touch. 1-22-00 I trained all day. Thenweather was cloudy. The wind was blowing and the palm trees swayednlike ballet dancers. It was an artistic expression of nature. Therenis something mystic about the palm tree. It doesn't really rain innCalifornia like it did back home. It sprinkles here. The weathernhardly ever changes. It is sunny all the time. Hence, sunshine state.nI visited Santa Monica again and applied for work at a fewnrestaurants. I also applied at two popular and fancy Santa Monicanhotel's. I forgot their names. I walked the beach all morning.nJoggers jogged by with sun on their faces and a blond beach queen wasnout walking her golden retriever. I didn't tell you but the firstnthing I did when I arrived was park my car before the pacific off ofnone of the beaches near Ocean One highway. I fell asleep in the carnand woke up to the sound of crashing waves. I walked out on a peernand saw a family of dolphins playing. I stuck my toes in the waternand walked around, ankle high. Then, I accidentally fell in. My pantsngot wet and full of sand. I had to go in one of those johns in thencenter of the beach. Luckily they had a hand dryer and I got to drynmy cloths. I lucked out. I'll keep in touch. Boy that beach is onenof the most beautiful places in the world. There is nothing morenpretty then the cliff shores of Santa Monica. I've been lonelyndriving around agency to agency, audition to audition. Oh, I forgotnto tell ya. I landed the Mid Summer Night's Dream gig. I'mnstarveling. I started research immediately. I haven't eatennanything in forty eight hours. I went out and bought a tape measuringnsince he is a starving tailor and all. Anyways, I'll tell you hownrehearsals are going. The play will go up in one month. Somethingnabout February is magical. 1-26-00 I landed a commercial for Lexusnautomobiles. I met the boy who could fly guy. The one in that WaltnDisney Film. The one about the boy who flies off his ruff with thengal. Love story. When we were being catered I only ate a salad and henasked me, \"Are you on some special diet.\" He pigged out on cheesencake and some Italian dish and hogged all the attention. I found hisneating habits repulsive but his character and speech was a bitncharming. I guess he was ok for a movie star. The entire shoot lastednall day. Ten hours or more. We spent the whole day walking up andndown stair cases to some giant stadium. Also, we cheered in thenstands, pretending as if we were at a ball game. It was the samenstadium the Rolling stones played at back in the day. Rumor had itnthey had shot gladiator films back in the early days of Hollywood. Bynthe end of the day I was invited to go to a party with JeffnGoldbloom. 1-28-00 Things don't look that good. Badnfeeling. I may have to go home a teach for awhile to pay back thendebt I'm building on all five of my credit cards, plus my Mobil gasncard. I must be over my head five thousand inndough. 1-30-00 My father beat me. He beat me and mynsister with great force. He was a hateful, jealous man, full of gasn(farts that smelled like dead skunks). He was the type to pull up tonJack N the Box and order six tacos and fries with a vanilla malt andnsteal my and sister's fries. He could not get enough food in hisnsystem. Even today, the man is strung out on pain killers and hardnliquor. He runs a wine establishment. Even today he fills up on whatnhe calls, \"Three square\" meals a day. He has to stuff himselfnbreakfast, lunch and dinner and snack through out the day. Myngrandmother, Memar, is not thrilled that he has started such anestablishment. Its basically a liquor store. WE call it a winenestablishment as a white wash to cover up the true intention of thenplace. I place to go to buy a product to get you a slight wine buzz,nvodka high, chilled of wine coolers or drunk on beer, booze or hardnliquor. The man can not go more than an a few minutes with out food.nI feel sorry for him. I wish he could go longer, and I wish he hadnlimits. He doesn't. And this abuse has created holes in my sisternand my heads. We have been afflicted. My sister is a Nurse in the ER.nI think know she works in critical or something similar to critical.nShe has gained a lot of weight and I have to exercise non-stop tonkick this heroin like addiction I have toward stuffing myself. I'mnan actor so it's harder on me. The business of showbiz judges onnhow you look and act. Behavior is determined by what you eat. Yournactions sometimes are effected by what you put in your mouth. I usento starve myself and my mother and one of my cousin studying film,nthinks I have anorexia. I don't think this. I eat, I just deprivenmyself so I can match what my father let us do as young children. Ornencouraged us to do. Father needed us to pig along side of him. Henwas horrible guidance and was not a good roll model. He is very obesenand this makes me very sad. I wish he could lose the weight butnunfortunately he has polio. It will be very hard for him to decreasenin size. I tell him to cut his fats and high carbohydrates foods. Henlessened his bread intake and cut down on his sugars. Sugars are notngood for you. I'm eating honey and wheat flakes as I write this.nBut is a half of handful of wheat flakes and only a few table spoonsnof raw Texas honey. I have nothing against food. I just have beenntormented by my father and his abuse of food when I was younger. Henused meth, (methamphetamine), crank, marijuana, and speed; and wouldnlose the weight by going on speed rages. Surprisingly enough he didnnot drink that much when we were younger. I hear different know thatnhe lost his refinery and works at the wine store. This would causenhim to go into wild fits of rage and he would beat Teresa and I withna belt in the middle of the night and sometimes he would beat me withnhis fist. I would have to wake up and be forced to clean out myncloset before him and until his high went down. I believe this causednmy mental imbalance. I would rather die than have him help menrecover. I will heal myself with the help of holistic centers andnkind women. I remember waking up, after I was caught lifting a packnof Camels from my step mother, with my father's fist pounding on mynface and forehead. He hit me so hard that school morning that I blednfrom the lip and nose. I begged him to stop hitting me and to let mengo to school. My step mother asked him to stop and he backed off anbit. I'm glade I ran to Hollywood. I don't want to come back.nI've been looking at UCLA. They have a wonderful theatrendepartment. Also, I've been checking out the new school ASDSnprogram. If they take me they'd make me great. Will see. I'llnkeep in touch. Oh, I drove by the Actor Studio West. It's beneathnthe sunset strip and right adjacent to The Comedy Store. I'll keepnin touch. Over and out Journal. P.S. Sometimes I feel like LukenSkywalker and my dad is Darth Vader. I feel like Long Beach is likenDagabo and New York is like some odd planet or the perhaps New Yorknis like Degabi or however you spell Yoda's home planet. I need tonlearn to spell Yoda's home planet. I don't think spell check onnmy laptop has Dega whatever from Empire Strikes Back. I need to findnmy Yoda and he needs to train me well. Perhaps the Yoda is inside me. 2-21-00 Thursday. Two days before the JimnCarrey Shot in Hollywood. I got arrested. I found a job in Back StagenWest in the Day Time Job section. Hiring Actors. Yeah right. Itnadvertised, TELEMARKETING FOR ACTORS. The place was off of Van Nuysnor in that area. It was some six floor building. Trashy. The main guynthere was a down and out loser from Loserville. He helped me write upnthe script and tricked me into believing his job was legit. I endednup printing out a four hundred or so flyers for the Police andnSheriff support fund. Here is an example of the script I wrote up tonpitch to other people: Communitynpolicing reduces crime and fear while restoring a sense of order. Itnrebuilds the bond between citizens and government. Policenofficers and sheriffs deputies, as public servants who interact withncitizens on a daily basis, have a unique opportunity to demonstratenthe importance of citizen involvement in the community. In turn, theynalso realize that their authority and effectiveness are linkedndirectly to the support they receive from citizens. At thenPolice & Sheriff's Support Fund we believe that democracy innits finest hour is exemplified when community policing is fullynintegrated and participated in by both law enforcement and thencitizenry. Check out our Policenand Sheriff's Magazine The online source for Police and Sheriff's Support Fund Business Advertisers. Tonbest view our magazine you must have Adobe Acrobat Reader. If you donnot, please click on the button to download it. Ifnyou would like to hear Live Police and Sheriff's Dispatch innaction then click on our \"Hot links\" to Police Scannersnfrom around the country. You will first hear a word from a sponsornthen you will be linked directly with the dispatcher for the Policenor Sheriff you have chosen. To get back to our site just click backnon your web browser: LAPDnPolice NYPDnPolice DallasnPolice PhiladelphianPolice DallasnSheriff PlanonPolice MiaminPolice SannDiego Police ChicagonPolice BostonnPolice SannFrancisco Police SeattlenPolice WashingtonnD.C.Police Thenuse of these links require Real Player.If you do not have it you mayndownload it by clickingnhere: The Long Beach police set up a stingnoperation to have me arrested. It was entrapment. That is the hardncold truth. I didn't know the job was bunk. So, what I did was madenout a script. How this is Cole from the Police and Sheriff supportnfund. This organization is designed to help the community unite withnour Police and Sheriff. The organization has an annual that is fullnof advertisement space they may be profitable to your business. Wouldnyou like to place an add. And yadayayadya. That fat ass Long Beachnundercover police unit handed me five hundred dollars at a local barnoff of 2nd avenue called The Acalpolco Inn. Where thencustomer is always wrong. Yeah right. I called my Memar and shenbailed me out after seventeen hours of pure hell. Boy, did I deserventhat. What a bunch of yanks. I am deciding to leave but I have tonface the judge. He may give me hard labor. On the ticket it says Inwas arrested for False Charity. Like I made up the support fund andnshit. This is a clear case of negligence on the part of Long BeachnPolice. I want to return with a lawyer and fight the case. But guessnwhat? That would cost money and how many struggling actors have doughnto come up with a great lawyer to fight them. I know one great lawyernback home in Texas. They put me onnthree year probation. I can return after three years and the casenwill be less threatening against me. That is if I get caught innspeeding or what not, I won't be as sever. That means I will not benable to return until 2003 February. Perhaps I should go to New York.nI'd learn more about life there then this fake place. Everything isnartificial here, but emptiness jibes with outsiders like myself. Oh, I got bailed out in time to makenthe Majestic film with Jim Carrey. I'm supposed to play the theatrenpatron. I'm glad Memar bailed me out in time. I was supposed tonstay over until Monday. It is Friday now. 2-22-00 Saturday Morning. Good news. I'm out. My bailsmanndropped me off at a cute little stand near the pound. I bought anbasket of fruit. It included dried apricots, cranberries, driednapples and dates. I ate it up and headed for the car. I called LAPDnand asked them about the Police and Sheriff support fund. Then, Incalled the Los Angeles news paper and gave a reporter my full namenand told him about the false arrest and the illegal behavior of thenLong Beach Police. Arresting some one on false pretense is illegal.nThe newspaper reporter told me they were too busy dealing with crimenfiltering into the LAPD. The reporter told me internal affairs wasndealing with a case concerning a young Hispanic kid and drugs plantednon him buy the L.A.P.D police drug enforcement. Supposedly, a segmentnof the L.A.P.D. is dirty and the reporter was too rapped up in thencase to turn over to the Long Beach police. He told me to call thenNewspaper in Long Beach and report the crude behavior shown by thenpolice. I did not mentioned that they had police dogs smelling me,nand they frisked and cuffed me wrong. One of the first thing one ofnthe Long Beach police officers said to me was, \"At least you didn'tnget arrested for prostitution.\" Why would he mention prostitution.nAlso, one of the undercover police officer asked me, \"Was I a goodnactor.\" He wanted me to critique his acting job he tried to performnin the Acapulco Lounge off of 2nd street in Long Beach.nSo, this fat undercover cop wanted me to critique his acting, handncuffed me wrong and told me I was lucky I wasn't arrested fornprostitution. All his actions had intentions and the intentions werendirty and illegal. I would not be surprised that many of thosenofficer's are off the force and on drugs. I am not impressed by thenbehavior and the incompetence of the Long Beach Police Department.nThey do not know what law enforcement is all about. Next time I willnbe sure to follow every law and will especially watch the road signs.nTo be honest, I will stay far away from Long Beach and it's QueennMary. 2-29-00 I got a job working for RhinoTEK. Myncourt date is coming up concerning the Police and Sheriff supportnfund and False Charity. Some private dectetive visited me in jail.nThey wanted more info on the guys that had the annual. I got bailednout, grabbed my leather jacket and headed back over to Van Nuys tontalk with the sneaks. I asked them for an annual so I would havenproof that they were skilled liars and criminals at hand, and that Inwas fooled by them—I needed the annual to bring with me to court. Ingot an annual from them—everyman for themselves kind of thing andnrevealed it to the judge and my DA. (Defense lawyer) He may had seennthat I had been tricked by a bunch of professional law breakers. Rhinotekncorporations is a welcoming place. My trainer, the one that trainednus on the computers and how to pitch sells, is an x heroine addict.nHe kicked the drug years before and even told us he was still goingnto his probation officer. He almost became a world class Olympic downnhill skier but he blew it all on dope. After trainng is up you getnyour own cubicle and a few phone books to call out to separatenbusiness. You make about eight or nine dollars an hour plusncommission. My trainer told me if I listen to my manager or my team Inwould make a lot of money. My manager was an oriental goy who lovednto slurp up Roman noodles. Also, he had a hot temper, but he kept itnconcealed. RhinoTek is full of raw characters like my trainer. R.T.ncorp. is laser printer factory. The factory basically takes oldnprinter cartridges and revamps them into new working printingnutensils. I called my dad to try to sell my first set of laserncartridges for a printer. He turned me down. They fired me a weeknlater for not having a sell. The judge at Long Beach gave me twentyneight days Caltrans. That means I have to work on the side of thenhighway with a rake, or hoe for twenty eight days. Each Caltran daynbegins at eight in the morning and ends around four PM. It's anbitching day. We mostly cut down weeds, sweep up messes, collectnbottles and pick up trash along side the highways of Long Beach. Mostnof the workers I work with are African American and most are prettyncharming people. Some even sing and rap and they talk a lot. At timesnthey are good company. Many or Hispanic and they usually speaknSpanish so I can't really communicate much with them. The othernwhite guys or even gals, or usually into drugs or have some type ofnmental problem. Most are criminal trying to work their way out ofnjail time. Caltrans will do that for you. If you have jail time andnyour crime is not that serious, like DWI, False Charity, Caught withnpossession of drugs and so on, you can choose Caltrans over puttingnyour back against the wall. Work beats time. 2-20-00 I was out jogging and ran across somenkid hauling ass across the street. The kid was some short blond kidnthat could of passed for Josh Harnets little brother. He was withnsome girlfriend and his litter brother. The oldest blond kid wasnaround eleven. His younger brother was most likely around nine andnthe girl was probably twelve. I got on to the older brother for jaynwalking across a residential forty five mph passage road. It was anforty five mile per hour section. I told him, \"Hey kid. Don't runnacross the road like that you understand.\" His little brothernnodded his head like a good fellow and the girl seemed to understand.nBut the older kid was a hot head and ignored me. So I raised mynvoice, \"HEY KID. DON'T CROSS THE ROAD LIKE THAT. ITS DANGEROUS TOnDO THAT.\" He turned around at me and kept walking. He was scared.nStupid kid. I shook my head at him and was slightly embarrassed henwas so scared. \"Hey kid did you hear me. Don't run like thatnacross the road.\" The kid looked at me. \"Comprenda.\" I said. n\"Comprenda.\" He returned and then started shouted Spanish at me.nHe was most likely in junior high Spanish. \"Don't be smart withnme.\" I retorted. Then, he flipped me off with double birds. Thisnmeans he stuck both middle fingers at me. And he did it the rightnway. \"Ok. That's it.\" I said and walked quicker to him. He tooknoff in a dead sprint. This kids going to be quite a runner when hengrows older. He stopped in someone's front yard. I began to shakenbecause I knew what I was going to have to do to him if he did notnagree I was a man and I was stronger. \"Do you understand.\" I saidnto him as he stood in the front yard scared shit-less. His eyes werenwide and he looked weary. \"Yes.\" \"And what do you say to menafter flipping me off like that.\" The kid apologized. \"Don't donthat again.\" I said. He shook his head and said, \"I said I wasnsorry.\" Then, I said, losing my temper in the dead of the heat. Thenheat must of got to me. I was nearly out of water. I only took onenbottle of water with me and I had sweated too much moisture out ofnme. I was overheated and most likely beginning the first stages ofnshock. I needed more water. Cool water. \"I said I was sorry.\" Thenkid said and began to walk to the front door of the house. It was inna small suburban area in Long Beach. \"Is that your house?\" Inasked hoping it wasn't it. I had lost my temper with the boy and Indid not want his father to come out or his mother to call the police.nPeople carry guns around here too. I was kind of scared. I was takingna risk getting on to this boy and his brother. Then, the girl snappednat me, \"He said he was sorry.\" \"Shut up.\" I said to herncutting her off. \"I'm a man and you don't talk to me that way.nYou don't know who I am. No say your sorry.\" \"I'm sorry\"nThe kid was begging to get emotional and more fearful for his life.nHe began to inch his way to the door to the girls house. I guess itnwas her house. \"Go on sorry. Get home sorry.\" I told him andnturned around toward the side walk and began to make my way back downnthe passenger road. I was about two miles from my house. The groundnhad heated up and the heat was still hovering in waves. It gets hotnaround four or five in Texas due to the ground being heated by thensun, throughout the day. It takes time for the real heat to arise.nYou would think it would get hot at noon. But it is actually hotternduring the later afternoon. The ground needs time to heat up and thennthe heat rises from the ground. When, I turned my back I twistednaround because I thought I heard some one come out the front door.nThe kid was yanking his hands back down behind his back. He hadnflipped me off behind my back. \"What did you just do mothernfucker.\" I began to scare him by charging toward him. I was goingnto grab him by the back of his neck and make him yield to me. \"Whatndid you just do.\" I said rushing toward him. \"Nothing. I'mnsorry.\" \"I know your sorry.\" I said to him. \"Now get inside.\"nThe little boy and the girl followed him into the house. Once, theynreturned indoors I walked away to the passage road. I have a feelingnthe kid will not cross a residential road with out using the crossnwalk again. That kid got a taste of the cycle ofnviolence and abuse that I was force fed as a child. My father wouldnof smacked me with the back of his hand several times until blood wasndrawn. I'm sorry that I had to hurt that kid. I'm doing my bestnto end this cycle of abuse. It grows down here in the south. Growsnlike wild fire. I'm glad I got bailed out in time. Inlanded a small part in The Majestic. I got bailed out before thenweekend so I can now be in the film. We start filming tomorrownmorning at the Mannes Chinese Theater off of Hollywood boulevard. JimnCarrey's gonna show. I can't wait. I'm going to need anchiropractor. My neck hurts from laying on the floor in the jailncell. I had to use a toilette paper role as a pillow. I woke up tonthe sound of some television in an adjacent room. It was playing thenold Love Boat theme. I was the only white guy in the cell. There mustnhave been over five black guys and two of them were Original Gangsternand one was the most annoying rapper I had ever talked to in my life.nThis guy was bouncing off the walls and trying to get me to improvnwith him. I told him when I got out I'd start rehearsals with himnand perform the play I wrote Man 1 Man 2. I told him we couldnrehearse at Twenty Hour Fitness. When I got out I realized I wasntalking to stay alive. Maybe Jim will help me feel better. I can'tnbelieve I get a small part in his film. I'm theatre patron numbernwhatever. I met an Asian lady on a plane comingnback from New York. It was when I was younger. Before I left for LongnBeach. She was sexy and even gave me call to come see her up north.nShe was into setting up conventions and she wanted to start anliterary magazine. We were talking about nutrition and variousnforeign foods. She told me, \"They did this study with rats. Theyngave one cage of rats, the control group, a healthy portion of foodnon a daily and regular basis. The other cage of rats, thenexperimental group, hardly were giving any food and basically, theynstarved them.\" Then she swallowed a sip of water from her plasticncup and continued, \"The starving rats lived much longer. Ironicnhuh.\" I agreed that in the populist group would have voted that thenrats giving healthy portion on a regular bases would out live thenstarving rats, but life doesn't work that way. I have come to termsnwith food. Food is the fuse of life. The more you eat the shorter thenfuse becomes. When the fuse runs out, Boom, your dead. Too much food,nyour dead. Too little, may keep the fuse ticking longer. At leastnaccording to the Oriental lady. But I talked this over with mynmother. She opposed the Asian ladies few of the starving rats and thenhealthy fed rats. She believes the rats that are giving food on andaily basis and regularly will out live the starving rats. Now thenquestions lies in an open hand before me. It has not been closed. Inhave not found closure with the riddle of food and nutrition. Whichnrats live longer. The starving group or the one giving healthynamounts of food. I would like to guess that the rats giving healthynamounts of food on a regular basis would live longer. I don't knownwhy the Oriental lady told me that the starving rats lived longer. Inwish I knew. I think my mother is right. Food, on a regular basisnwill help you live a nutritional and healthy life. I'm starvingnnow. If my career doesn't take off. If no one discovers me I willndie. Thus, I better find a new career. Oh, guess what. I landed anplay in Orange County. Amongst all this starving and hellish strugglenI have been cast as Donavan in A House Divided at the Orange CountynCrazies. I guess I'll continue within this darkness. Even thoughndeath is before me, and starvation lies ahead, I will walk throughnit's valley. My will is stronger than the both ladies. Rather thenrats starved or the rats were fed, the will of life beats them allnout. I guess both ladies, the Oriental and my mother are both in thenright. But the will beats out science. The will to live is thenstrongest force on earth, it's even stronger than the mighty wavesnof a hurricane. 3-12-00 Twelve days have gone by since I'vencontracted you last. How are you Journal. I figured since I'm notnon a national syndicated show on TV or in some MGM film later to be anclassic, I'd write out my story. I remember telling my mother, \"Inwant to be a writer\" at the age of twelve. Twelve seems to be anreoccurring number in this entry Mr. Journal. The Jim Carrey shootnwas wild. It was called The Majestic. The shot I'm in was beforenthe Mannes Chinese Theatre off of Hollywood Blvd. Its in the heart ofnHollywood town. Where Jane's Mansfield was murdered and near thenRoosevelt and not far from the Sunset strip. So, I go to the firstnlocation at some studio near Vine. I have my hair cut and I am toldnhow to apply the grease to my hair. I'm also suited up in a fancynnineteen forties attire. It was like going back in time. First day ofnshooting would be in a forty eight hours or so. I can't wait tonabsorb this and later find the time to write it all down. Hollywoodnhas some kind of odd undercurrent. Its dark. Almost evil. Arrogant.nFull of Pride and power. This energy radiates off the walls, ofnhotels, studios, trailers, costume rooms, the pavement, the sidenwalks, the streets, the street signs of Vine, Santa Monica Blvd,nSunset Strip. It has the perfect little attitude, the perfect healthynroses planted in the perfect gardens along side the expensive BeverlynHill Hotels, and health food stores and small flowered fountains withnthe Greek God or the little boy peeing in the pool (Rip off of anFrench Statue near Notre Dame and the Luv.) Basically, when you boilnthe meat to the bone, Hollywood is bunk. Fake. Ridiculous. Over paid.nOver rated. And ignorant. But in tiny corners and in smallnindependent studios there is art. Some of the actors there live theirnlife to act. So, I have to give it to one third of Hollywood. Itsnlike finding diamonds in a pile of excrement. Like finding a gourmetnmeal in a green dumpster off of Tenth Street. Hollywood is decent atntimes. There are real artist there like Sean Pean, Robert Downey,nMarlon Brando, John Malkovich (lives in France) and a few goodndirectors like Francis Ford Copolla, Martin Scorsese (Lives innManhattan) and many good artist are associated with Hollywood, being:nRobert Denero, Gary Oldman and Dustin Hoffman. Most of these typesnare not Hollywood trash, or make overs, they are real actors thatnhave been sucked into the arrogance and the powerful rage ofnHollywood's need for money, it's unforgiving desire to exploit,ntaint and scar. Hollywood is not all sport cars, Mercedes, rich highnsociety in Beverly Hills or Foreign Film makers saying MIT OUT sound.nIt has a good rap and a bad rap in the same instance. Its eclectic.nIt still makes you struggle even if you have a billion. There is notnmuch peace in Hollywood. And not all of it's fake. So I soundncontradictory huh. Well, I hate Hollywood as much as I lovenHollywood. It is impossible to say Hollywood is just Ok. It's anplace of extremes. The Hollywood actor doesn't not whimper, henshouts and cries for his work. The Broadway actor walks miles andnstrains physically to be seen. The Hollywood actor stretches his soulnand his emotions so far that he wakes up in a pit of hell to beg Godnto take him back. The Hollywood actor has fallen and is wishing tonfly, but has lost his or her wings and has to use a grappling hook tonfling on top of a layered cloud to reach toward the heavens and pullnhis or her self up and to home. And that kind of situation takes muchnplanning and skill. I know I'll have to leave. Go to New York. Actnon stage, or write a book and then return home to recover, act onnstage, and write another book. Writing seems to be a safe ground fornme, when it is done gingerly and planned and at times it even finds anhome when it is wild and spontaneous. To be honest the home ofnwriting is its limitless. It is not a home if it has limits. The homenof the writer is always breaking rules and tearing down the house ofnlaws, and rebuilding a beauty of non conformity and originality. Andnsometimes it's my only way to express myself. Good, bad or genius,nonly you can decide. But it sometimes, the pen and it's childishnworld of exploration, is the only freedom and happiness I have. Itsneither that or lay on my back and watch reruns of Seinfield or picknup a book by Bertrand Russel or Stephen King and fight with my soul.nAll the action was in the energy I expending when I auditioned. West.nAll the action is in doing, no necessarily in writing. So why do Inwrite? Why not do? Why not go back and audition. Try to be the nextnHarrison Ford? Why do I write? Why do I imagine my adventure rathernthan live it out? Why do I tell the story rather than become thenstory? Well, I'm scared shit-less. So why go on. Why do I have tonbe this coward. Why can't I build enough strength and return andntake over. Because at this moment I don't have to. I would onlynwant all that if I had to get it. Because, let me inform howevernwants to try it: becoming a star is the most scary, dark,nenlightening, holy, evil and most exciting thing that can happen to anperson. Do I really want it. I don't know, but how could I say no.nHow could you say no to becoming one of the most powerful people innthe world. I'd be crazy to turn it down. Now, it's just aboutnbuilding strength and finding the braveness within. I didn't run anthousand miles, drive three thousand miles, fly five thousand miles,nwalk Manhattan five times in nine months for nothing. I didn't donall this just to write a book. I will make a movie, I will star in anmovie, I will be on a television series. And I will when an Oscar.nNow it is about patience and keeping to the little steps that willnlead me up the staircase of success. The turtle wins in the end. So leave me alone, and let me pass. I'mnon my way. What am I trying to say? Only younknow. It is lost and found, and in the same instance. And maybe whennI return to Hollywood my opinions will change. I can only suffer fornso long until my family begins to crack. I love them too much tonleave. Most out here that make it, had no family, had no love and hadnno warmth. That is why they deserve all the attention. I mean hell,nlook at the life of Charley Chaplin and tell me he didn't deserventhe spot light. Hollywood is dangerous for a writer like myself. It is easy to pull a writer into tinselntown. Its full of wonder and a full of plenty of room to express yournstory. It has so many mediums to tell the story. Film, video, music,nstage and more. It has so many chances awaiting the actor or thenwriter. I believe the story is the center of it all. It is the centernpoint of Hollywood. The story is how it all became. 3-22-00 I still haven't met anyone besidenother actors and other peers in the business. I'm talking about anlover. My neighbor is moving. He is a black gentlemen that looks likenthe eye visor guy on Star Trek the next generation. He is nice. Henhas to move to another complex. He was on a cruise. His mother justndied. I believe he was in his late thirties. He worked for a computerncompany. Its getting annoying here. People are playing basketballnoutside my door. I live on the second floor. The play is on. MidnSummer Nights dream is doing well. We are in late rehearsals.nYesterday we built the set and played basketball on the court. Thenbasketball court is located on hill behind the theater. It is a smallntheatre on a windy road on the foot hills of Cala Basis. Its not farnfrom where the Harley ran into my car. Al Charlens is a British actornthat studied with the Royal Shakespeare Academy. He was in that WorldnWar film the Longest Day. The guy who is playing Oberon is a thinncharacter. A great thinker and he has a good pair of chops. He has anwife and kids and cleans pools in his spare time. He has problemsnkeeping down hamburgers. We were all eating hamburgers and left oversnand he was out playing basket ball. He scarffed down a cheese burgernand then ran into the bathroom and barfed it up. He is either balimicnor gets overheated and nausiance easily. He is very thin and a quitnskilled actor. The play is going well. The comic timing is on cue andnAl has a very realistic tongue when it comes to verse. The women innthe show are all hotties. There is not one that is flat chested orndoes not have curves. They are all hour shaped and with greatnpersonalities. I'm lucky to be in the cast. What I like best aboutnit is that we get to perform at a park near some important Hollywoodnstudios. There are manynactors that have ran across Al Charlens company. Some have even madenit into Film in LA and Hollywood. Many have worked with greatndirectors like Danny Devito, Ridley Scott, and Scorsese. Al and thencompany are nice and talented people. But I don't believe any arenstars, any but me. I know it is my destiny to be a star. I just havento take the long road. 3-24-00 I bought another Back Stage West. Inmust of sent out over fifty headshots or more. I landed a newnaudition out in Orange County for a play called A House Divided. I will go to the audition soon. I gotnhungry and ran out of money so I snuck down in the storage room ofnParadise Gardens. It was full of lost items. People seem to go tonthis place and then run off. They leave behind many items. Items thatnhave character. Old Chester drawers, coffee tables, coffee mugs withnpersonality. Like a mug the odd shape, or a cup with a unique messagenon it. Like I Love Dad. Or a message that a person may have that isnleft behind or on the run, or lonely, or left out, or looking fornsomething, or someone. Old photo albums with lost faces, and picturesnof vacations to Disney World or the Red Wood forest, or photos of anman hiking in a desert and so on. I found a honey bear bottle ofncrusty honey and ate it up and became ill. It was that old processednshit so it made my stomach ache. I got over it over night. I've been running more than ever. Infeel very fit and in shape. I use the work out equipment in thenParadise Garden basement gym and swim occasionally in the pool. AfternI live I don't want to return to this apartment. The basket ballncourt is far too noisy and there are too many youths living here.nThey play there music far too loud and party all freakin night. Also,nthere are too many punk, pot heads and acid heads selling and usingnand all that. Some guy try to beat me up in the laundry room, but Inacted my way out of it. I acted very angry and out of control and henleft me along. Good news. I met a film maker in acting class. He helpnthe teacher out on her house and gives her supplies off of Mulhollandndrive. We are hanging out lately and have talked about making mynreel. I think we are going to do a shoot in Santa Monica. He knowsnJohnny Whitworth but calls him Johnny W. Johnny is a ex herion addictnthat is on the brink of becoming a star. He was the sick kid in RainnMaker. Johnny W. Odd nick name. I wonder if there is a drug called Wnout here. Like X or something. I guess that is what people call himnout here. He has a bad rep. The filmmakers name is Hans. He drives annold 914. He is from Germany and has a record of dealing and usingndrugs in Europe. He supposedly has gone clean. I hear he is doingnfilm work too. I will have to get up extra earlyntomorrow and jog. I have an audition coming up and a meting a managernin Malabo. Paradise Gardens isna charming apartment complex. A set of tennis courts, basket ballncourts, work out facility, pool (cleanly and well sized) garden andntv room that could easily be transformed into a stage, attractivenfront desk attendants, interesting and charming tenants and the landnlord knows an actor, in the complex, that is on The Sopranos. I havenideas about theatrics for the particular living orders. 4-20-00 Court happened. My defense lawyer toldnme to plea no contest. I did. I got 28 days and a two hundred dollarnfine. Mom and my aunt from Albuquerque, New Mexico came to thenjudgment from the Long Beach Municipal Court. I was tried with FalsenCharity. False Charity. Is there such a thing? It sounds ruthless.nAnyway, I continued on in spirit. My defense lawyer asked me toncontinue acting and to keep safe. He said I could come back laternwith a lawyer and get the case dismissed. I think they should donresearch on me and come to reasoning, the Cole Spivey isn't a realncriminal. He is simply struggling too hard. Anyway, I'm sad aboutnit all. The prisoner were asked to come in. See, I got released onnbail. They entered the court room in shackles. Most wore black. Fewnwere crazy white guys and a few Hispanics. One black man had hisnbelly overly stuffed and seemed in pain. He must of hid some of thenoatmeal packets and made himself a feast before the courtnproceedings. Court was a long and tedious process. Finally it camenfor me to rise before the judge. He read the reasons why I wasnarrested and the charges of soliciting and false charity. I pleaded,n\"No contest.\" My aunt helped pay the fine and we all drove home.nI was going to see my cousin in Torrence but I was feeling down. Inhad twenty eight days of hard labor approaching. Mom came to visitnParadise Gardens and my place. After all she was helping me with foodnand rent.. She became sick. It was over jet flag. My mother use to bena model at a younger age so sometimes she takes in less food-but Indon't think this was the reason for her illness. She suffers fromnOCD. She came over to the place in Long Beach. She told me, \"Indon't want you to be a star. I don't want you to be one. Is allnthis worth your soul?\" I tried to take a vowel of silence. Then,nshe began hyperventilating and nearly passed out. It happened beforendinner. She was upset because I would not quit. I wouldn't quit 24nhour fitness, I had no real job, she was helping me with rent andninsurance and leasing my car and helping me with acting class andnfood—she couldn't take it much longer. I had to hold her, she wasnshaking and crying so bad. I made tofu, and documented my struggle onnthe video camera. Mom ate tofu and beans with me and we had somenvegetarian pate'. (Veg past for pita bread.) We ate rice andnvisited my cousin Josh who works for Honda. My aunt came along, shenfound a penny near my steamer and said, \"Maybe you'll get lucky.\"nIt seems my family is not that gung ho about me wanted to be a movienstar. I guess it's far fetched and overdramatic. I thought it wouldnhave been great. I don't know now. What is a man if he gives up hisnsoul for the world? There would be nothing left but earthly desiresnand anything from the earth is, in turn, and relevant to the needs ofnman, and nature, very much so, temporary. The soil, even though itnregenerates ever other heart beat, is not forever. Only God isnforever. I guess I left this place, this paradise Garden, for thensake of God. I met a kind lady next door. At firstnmy neighbor was a black gentlemen that had just lost his job. He wentnon a cruise with his gal and seemed like a well respective workernclassman. He moved out after his mother died and left the place anvacancy. I began to worry. Hm. He was only in his mid thirties. Anliterature professor by the name of Lexus Peacock moved in. Her namednreminded me of a name in an old novel written by one of the greatsnlike Wilde, or Wolf. I was in my nightmare stages. She told me onenevening I woke her up with a violent scream. She said I screamednrandom numbers like, \"897643.\" At the time I was writing poetrynbased on bar codes, super market items and highway signs and passednsinful moments. I was just taking life into my head, sponging it innand out, dripping images on paper like a wild man. Venting.nScreaming. Hollering at myself, spitting at my reflection in thenmirror. Crying violently. Taking Ephedra and sleeping aids. I wasndoing sense memory exercises, masturbating like crazy (Every night.nSometimes twice a night.) mania at it's worst state. Many say Inhave a mental illness. I guess it would be worthless and phony tonargue with them now. Lexus knocked on my door one afternoon. \"Hello?\"nShe said with beaming eyes and a blissful confident smile. She seemednbrilliant. Her eyes told me. \"I'm your neighbor. Nice to meetnya.\" She said trying to sound casual. I shook her hand and would ofnasked her in but I wasn't feeling good. \"It's nice to meetnyou.\" I said. I told her I was an actor and I wrote some. I wasnworking on my hundredth or so screen play in the past six years. Inwas also working on one one act play, a short story, a journal, and annovel and all at once. I was baking up treatments and visiting agencynfor talent, modeling and for literature. I was looking for an agencynthat would take me on as a writer and an actor. I wanted to belong tonthe literature and talent department. Today, I just feel likenwriting. I'm now composing this entire journal from the presentnmoment of two thousand AD. I have let time age it, refine it andnorganize it for you. Age is the best organizer when it comes tontelling a story. Strasberg believes you shouldn't recall a memorynfor stage work, unless seven years has past and the memory had hadnits time to plant, grow and take form in your library of moments, ornrecognition. This helps with storytelling as well. But acting isnstorytelling. Beside the acting lesson, Lexus was nice. I thoughtnabout asking her out. At the time I was working for the Music Centernin Los Angeles. Soon, I the fiscal year would end and I would move onnto the L.A. Phil Harmonic and sell season tickets to the Hollywoodnbowl. Lexus and I did not meet again until the day she would movenout, just before summer. So, our first date would be in midnJune. I had a dream.nAbout the future. It was two thousand and three. I had returned fromnNew York. I studied at ASDS in NYC. I arrived in Euless near thenairport. Mother helped me get a place. I had no car. I ran to thengrocery store in the middle of the night. I felt sheltered. Felt asnif no one could see me. I would save up money from a ItaliannRestaurant named Porta Di Roma. I worked there for four months, Insubstitute taught in town, HEB school district. The dream persisted.nI was trapped. Going in circles. Cleaning the carpet with my fingersnlike some deranged Howard Hughes. Eating dates by the pounds andnslurping down honey. I had gained fifteen pounds. Fat was growing onnme. The dream lead me to long jogs on ozone days. Hot days. Airplanesnflying overhead. Choppers flying overhead. Hewey green helicopter.nHot. Hot. Like the desert. I was lost. In circles. Going home to FortnWorth, visiting mom, having dinner, petting her dogs, letting thenpuppy Lady Fox Craft, or what I named her clove lick me in the face.nThe dog was a half breed. A cross between German Shepard and Chow.nFive dogs. My mother had five dogs in her house. The house wasncollecting dust, cob webs, mom got grumpy. There was a hump in hernupper back, slight case of scoliosis, at her neck, a small tiny camelnhump, \"I noticed it when I got my hair cut short\" mom told me.nShe had gotten old. Like a grandmother. Really old. I went throughnpictures of us when we were little. A photo of my sister and I,nsitting before the Hurst house. The numbers 13 hung next to my sisnand I. It was two numbers in our address. A small house. Red brick.nOff of Hurst street. The address is still not clear in my recall. Inknow the number thirteen exist in small metal rusty gold letters, onna bracing column on the front porch. 1316. or 1213, or 1613, 4213, orn1342. I can't remember the exact numbers. I think its 1213. But Incan't recall it now. I only can see the thirteen. Hanging next tonus in a rusty gold. Maybe it was 1413. I think it was 4213. The photonis an old color one, old, very old, faded in a yellowy way. Sister isnsmiling and leaning toward me and I have this huge happy grin on mynface. I was happy. Sis calls me, \"Your not going to get any helpnfrom Earl.\" She informs me. She tries to talk me out of gettingncertified at the nearby college. She tells me mom ain't going tonbuy me a car. \"I'm happy Cole. Get on SSI. Get on SocialnSecurity. Tell them your crazy. They'll help. They'll help you.nYou'll get money. Do it.\" \"I'll sign the paper as fast as mynpen can sign.\" What. She says back to me. What does that mean. Fastnas my pen can sign. As fast as my hand can sign my john Hancock. Inyell back in the phone. Sure I'll tell them I'm nuts. I'll takenit now. This world has taken too much from me. Now they want me nuts.nDeformed isn't enough. Now nuts. Now insane. Now I have tonclassified as disabled. A disability. And I helped disabled at thennearby school, as a sub, as a assistant teacher. Now I'm classifiednas their peers. The kids that laid on the ground, staring at thenheavens, moaning, and groaning, and twisting in knotted pains andnagony. Now I sign my name. Now I sign. I wrote a play about them.nAbout the fear of the coffin and it's every oak wood part and it'snframe and catafalque and it's shape and where it goes and why itngoes there and what happens after our existence, or shell fades, andnrots, and goes back to the soil and then oh yes, About the disablednkids. The kids I worked with that had spinal meningitis, cerebralnpalsy, autism, down syndrome, MHMR and other debilitating disorders.nThe kid I guided through physical education class, to help him swingna tennis racket taught me that persistence, even while against allnodds, pays off. The kid still participated even though he did not fitnin, or could not focus, or stand in line, or go with out threenseconds or so with out screaming out as loud as possible. And now I'mnspecial. Ok. If that is what I have to admit to-I'll do it. Whynnot. I will have time to focus only on the story. What about skills?nWork skills? What of acting? What about waiting tables. I guess I canndo both. SSI and work. Perhaps I do have a slight mental disorder.nPerhaps I'm a bit postal. Maybe I need assistance now and then. Butnonce I land a good job, I'll drop the mad routine. So, Now I playndisabled. Now, I have to suffer. Is this true or false. I use to notnbelieve in sickness. You know, I still don't. I think some people,nnot all, may call upon sickness, as an aid. Virginia Wolf sure isnhell did. Some say she was bi polar, some say schizophrenic, somenbelieve her spirit was possessed. Some don't know. Supposedlynbefore she died, she stopped eating, stopped contacting with public,ntalked in riddles and long complex phrases, heard strange voices andnthis disorder, this disability caused her to place rocks in hernpockets and walk to the center of the rushing river and allow naturento drown her away, into the unknown, and out out brief candle and sonon. Now, I have fallen. Now a shadow has fallen on me. And the publicnsees me as fit for aid for the insane. Oh, he's not an artist, notnan artiste, or sane writer, he's like Burroughs, or one of thosenmad poets. Let him do he's junk and wither. Wither. What a perfectntitle for my Dream. Wither. The withering dream. Now, I sit herenbefore a blank sheet of paper and knock out my madness. Now I letnthem nurture what I don't need nurtured. A life of words and ideas.nA story that never ends, the persona of the story will shut off, andndie as I lie to rest, but the story, the story of us all, the storyntold by you and as you read this told by others, and as you readnthis, told by eyes, moving from left to right, down a notch, left tonright, left to right until the book is shut, and the reader opens hisntongue, and the story, that has polluted him or enriched, escapes outnlike a garden snake exploring the soil of society, the open pit innthe ground awaiting to be covered, rained upon, a shell to be buriednin oak, or some other tree, a small house beneath the grass,nlaughingly growing to the sad worth of what we know as the sun. Andnmy mother tells me YOUR KILLING ME. YOUR REALLY SUCKING THE BLOODnFROM ME. And I close my eyes and stop. End it all. Know it is nonlonger her support but now a nurturing hand, risen from thirteenncolonies, growing to fifty stars, hovering and leering, protecting,nwith it's talons those who need help. Like all the other writersnthat returned from where they came from, this country honors them forntheir sacrifices. For art can not happen with out a cost, or with outnpayment, the story is never told with out sacrifice. Painful andnblissfully pleasurable sacrifice. The worker or the artist, Goodnlabor or hatred, karma or the greedy taking of the earth's way, itsnridge that holds the water of knowledge, the tree that talks and thenvoice that touches with soft hands, now it dives and soars with headnup, gliding gracefully forever homeward. Forever to be home and tonsavor and welcome the shell to release. Oh, God what shall I pay withnnow. The dream stoppednas the alarm began to crick like a mad high pitched cricket. A awoke,nfell out of bed, sprinted to the shower, used a minute of water,nscrapped the steam off the mirror with my hand, brushed my teeth, ranninto my clothing, or the audition uniform (black slacks, lightncolored button up dress top, never white, faint blue, or with lightntan slacks a vague tone color, mellow gray, or even a dark gray,ndepending on the type of slacks, black dress socks, nice and polishedndress shoes, hair styled with foam, or styling wax, or best with annatural cut, a slight touch of cologne, Kelvin Klein, or Green Water,nor a Lauder, or possibly Contradiction for Men and other sweetnsmells) and walk to the car and off and then I land a extra role innsome big film and I tie the Windsor not and show up to the set, andnwalk around in the background, oil my hair for the period and feelnlike a thousand other back ground artist walking at certain moments,ntapping a rolled newspaper in the palm of their hands, and cutting atnan angle toward a street, and at times I can't tell if its actionnor cut, or if the camera is rolling or I'm home in Fort Worthnapplying for a job at Sub Way and viewing the world like it'snbackground work. . .changes and everything breaking up and thenfiction coming to life and holding on to you like life and thennfallen into a fantasy and hanging on to you like life and then lyingnto you and a false self tells you, \"Its over. Quit. Your dumb. Yournstupid. You'll never amount to shit you bastard mother fuckingnloser. GOOOO away\" and it's New York again, and second street andnthen Broadway, and John's House on 1st street on thenupper East Side and a new apartment with wood floor and for some GodnDang reason I'm scared shitless and I keep digging into my luggage,nlooking for the right comb, or right shaving cream, and repacking mynboxers and looking up numbers and righting screen plays and sendingnoff plays and poems and poems and poems and John's breathing funny,nand I five him a massage, and he smokes out and looks up something onnthe internet and goes to Angels for work and has a audition for KERAnand The Restaurant at the Commune for NBC, and I got with to auditionnfor The Restaurant but not KERA, and then he auditions for AMC fornsome out of shape disco dancer and we talk about auditioning for thenactor studio. He wants to play Philip and I could play Treat and I'venplayed Treat two times and I mention Bent and then we have soup andnhe goes off to audition for AMC and then I go the curb before somencorner store and buy protein bars and muffins and eat them at thenpark and walk to ASDS and the New School and set up an appointmentnwith James Lipton and he doesn't have time to see me and I talk tonhis secretary and I write in my journal and I see an advertisementnfor a film called Quitting and I return to John's House and I lovenit. I go for a jog down 1st street, 2nd streetnto the Village and Park Avenue and near Central station and back ton12 th street and I check on my stuff which is later auctioned off,nand has a big red lock on it because I didn't pay my storage billnand I return to John on 1st street upper east side. I tellnhim about the Film Quitting and I mention, \"We should go see it.nIt's Asian. Its artsy.\" And he wants to see Phone Booth withnCollin Farral. He goes to work. I see that Hours is playing at annearby movie house, he doesn't want to see the hours, he goes tonwork, small restaurant, looks like Americana food, don't know fornsure, I go back to his play, watch American Idol and eat my muffins,nlater we go to a film audition produced by NYU. Its for him. He doesna pretty good read. We walk out. Talk about auditioning. He doesnwell. Tells me he is doing five films at one time. Odd number five. Inbegin thing about the fact that my mother has five dogs. I feel likena dog. A pet. Trailing the hip of John. Smelling pee on the street.nSenses super high. Very sensitive. Alert. I know what is happening innevery moment. I can feel my future unfolding. Time square ticking anthousand steps of men and women, arm to arm, men to men, shoulder tonshoulder, going to the cinema, the theatre, the gift shops, thenelectronic stores, Macey's, seeing the street dancer, getting thenportrait done. We talk about the NYU film audition. John calls themnegoist. I help him out. Don't call them that. There good people. Infeel like Dean, James Dean. I walk down the street. John lights up anjoint. Want some. No. Want some again. No. I don't want any. Henwalks along. Smokes a bowl. He smokes to much MJ. Too much. I'mnstill next to him. Something says, Be there for him. Support. Backnrubs. Hugs. He is good, a little lost, a little bad, but good. Goodnat heart. Like all of us. On the way home two ladies try to pick usnup. \"You guys looking for a good time.\" John tells me they arenwhores. \"No.\" John screams. I shrug at them. He is obviously notna Rizzo. \"Do you have a brother.\" John yells scaring them off.nThey drive off calling us some name. I don't remember. Tomorrow Inhave to fly back home. Get a job. Get a life. Dream about comingnback. About going to Hollywood. I'm aging. Hitting thirty. Timesnrunning out according to Jerry Garcia and the Grateful Dead. But notneven the Grateful Dead can know everything about human nature andndreams. Or do they. We go home andnwatch movies on his pay per view. That one film with Tom Hanks. Whatnis that called, oh yes. Road to Perdition. And I go into a deepnsleep, a slight chill slips under a vent in John's window. It helpsnme dream. And I dream I before this monitor typing the followingnwords. 4-14-00 The nightmare returned. I had annaudition for a part on a Science Fiction show where I show up to somengovernment worker, like CIA, and give info to the head female lead,n\"Good Boy.\" She tells me. I didn't get the part but I got to gonhome, munch on dates and fall off to sleep. I dreamt I was in Euless,nI had a small pad with a TV. I spent a few hours rearrangingnfurniture and then I got addicted to Dharma in Dharma and Greg. Inthink she is addictive. And then I found my self in despair. Thenverse written by Billy, \"I fear that I'm ordinary just likeneveryone.\" Was a small echo in the back of my head. Was I becomingnnormal, ordinary, the same as all the bushes and the same lily. I watched Harold and Maud the othernday at Moms. Cat Stevens has to be one of the strongest musicalnvoices that this world knows. If you want to be high be high, if younwant to be low be low . . .Cat Stevens and the actors in that filmnleft us a giant foot print from a Titan for Freedom. The film is anguide for an American Poet, or an artist struggling to be free. Ifnyou want to be. . .just be. That is what the film represents. Lifenonly comes once. Do what you want now, because you don't get ansecond chance, not in the shell your living in. It's a film fornevery mother's son and at times I feel it is dangerous. For toonmuch freedom leads a normal man to doom, but too much freedom for annartist is his or her lifeblood. Art is free. It exist in freedom. Artnis stifled when performed or even presented in strictness. Maudensteals a new car each time she goes out or even returns from a simplenouting. She even folds a motorbiking policeman and trips him up byndoing donuts in her stolen vehicle, in which she hot wired, (or Inguess had a set of keys) with lightning speed. Maude didn't opennthe car door and duck under the dash, she simply entered the car andnpressed the gas and peeled off, tired rolling and misty white smokenflaring from the tail pipes or the back overhauling tires. She was anrebel. A protestor of all things that delimit. Maude represented thenopposite of demarcation. Harold finds peace in performing suicidesnfor his mother. Harold's performed fake suicides are the result ofntoo many limits created by his mother: too much organization, toonmuch planning, too much matchmaking, and far too much preparing tonlive, rather than simply living, or flowing and letting life do it'snduties rather than force it's duties. \"Harold I want you to. . .nHarold I need you to. . .Harold that is not right. I CAN'T TAKEnMUCH MORE OF THIS.\" The mother chants scene to scene. Maude has nonchoice but to show his mother what she is leading him to. What she isnbeginning to drive him to do. If you control someone's fate, theynwill have no other choice but to create a new one, or to destroy fatenperiod. One can't act if he or she is not the doer. One can'tnlive if he or she can't act. One cannot be if he or she does notnmake the choices for themselves. The mother becomes an obsessivenguidance that lives Harold empty, or reason and of life. Suicide isnsometimes the result of controlled behavior to it's most extremenugliness. Suicide is a result of sadness caused by a patter ofnsadness and possibly authority's constant pattering. Its constantncommandments, its constant voice of law, and of control andnproperness. If we don't go a little crazy every once and awhile thentotal order will drive us batty. That is the reason for theatrics. Tonlet go. To feel. To be irrational. It is a catharsis. It is tears. Itnis laughter. It is complex and simple and everything at once. Hence,nit is the effects of the rolling wheel, or the forced rolling wheel,nthat the poor tired mouse must tread. The mouse may live longer if itnknows it is not forced to spin it's wheel, but nature allows him tonrun. Nature needs him to run. But if another voice interrupts andntell the mouse what to do, it will do the opposite. It must rebel.nRebellion is a part of existence. DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO OFFICER.n Maude represents mother earth, nature and the freedom to choose.nHarold represents growth, change and the remorseful effects of annoverly ordering mother and her desire to make Harold the perfectnperson, husband and citizen, and her downfall and even his downfall,nat times, is too much planed life. Harold must break free from thenstrictness of his mother, and the military and find his own path. Henbegins to find interest in the banjo and music and Maude's way ofnhappiness and kindness and raw reality. Harold is lost in theatricsnand fantasy and morbid suicidal death and drooping funerals. Maudenteaches him rebellion and how to use the smile and use what is atnhand, to get to the next point and the next point, \"Grab the shovelnand lets go.\" She begs him as Harold jumps on the back of thenpolice officer's motorbike and Maude guns the engine and theynescape the law together. Maude teaches him to follow hisninstincts and to break rules. Harold is naturallyna rebel, because he is young. When giving a present, he destroys it,nor fowls it up, like all the young women, but the actress, that arenintroduced to his world. And the car giving to him by his mother. Henhas a strict code to make things his own, even though he pretends, atntimes, to be pleasant and loyal. In other words, he must change thenJaguar to a hearse and stop wallowing in the pitiful and despairingnscene of funerals and death, and suicide and confusion. He must makenthings his own, or things will not exist, at least, not as his own.nAnd if things don't exist as your own, then things are nonexistent.nRebellion is the key to identity. He breaks down before the old ladynthe one he loves and respects, most likely due to her condition, hernloneliness and her natural an approaching fate, and admits that hendoes not know, he doesn't understand and that he is in obfuscationnand he does not want his life to be controlled. He doesn't want tonlive in a fascism regime run by his mother and her wishes. He hasndreams but they need seeds and time for growth. Harold begins tonloosen and take a more three dimensional form. He shouts, \"WHAT?\"nto Maude after hearing of her real planned suicide. Almost as if shenwas supposed to out live him. WHAT, becomes a primal shout. Maude'snvoice carries a slight hint of known expectation, and predictednchosen fate, or in some way a glimpse of predestination or even thenopposite of something predestined. The WHAT is the climax of thenmovie. It is as if Harold has broken through at this moment. He hasnrebelled, emotionally. The WHAT, was so loud, so passionate and withnso much aggressiveness that it did not seem to be him shouting theninformed line. She tells him, with calmness, \"My eightieth birthdaynis about to arrive\" and she has taken a load of pills. Weeks beforenher real suicide, Harold pouts as he describes and confesses to Maudenthat one of his assigned chemistry projects had gone awry and he wasnmistakenly perceived as dead and now he finds some kind of morbidnpleasure in performing suicides. And all along Maude is planning hernreal suicide, but without a hint or clue of weakness, or lack ofninner strength, or even of depression or hatred toward the world. Itnseems she doesn't hate life, but decides to let it go and changeninto something new, to grow. One of her lines, and my favorite linenin the movie, besides \"What\" is, \"I like to watch things grow.\"nShe keeps it her little secrete. I identify with Harold and hisntheatrics and Maude's mild anarchistic, thievery and her need to benunique, an individual. She expresses her oneness, with spirit fillednand natural rawness. Her nature is her home. Every young adult, orneven teenager should. I am about to go to the other side. There willnbe a time I will identify with Maude, lost in old objects, sittingnnear a polluted highway, left alone with her piano that plays fornher, and her smelling machine, her hookah, and unforgettable memoriesnof her life as a protestor and survivor and I'll look down at mynpersonal numbers, maybe not on my wrist, but somewhere where the debtnand scars lie, and look up to the world and claim it as mine and yelpnLIFE. ITS MY LIFE. I fear the ordinary. So I shall act out, rebel andnbecome one. For once you learn that life is awaiting, waiting on yourncall, on your steps, and all for you, rather than resisting, and younlet go, and the smile arrives, it arrives in rivers, rivers ofnsmiles, then, saved by mother nature and she sends you down thisnunavoidable river, flowing. To flow is to knownyou are and you belong and everything is for you and everything isnwelcomed and accepted and nothing needs to be invented for everythingnis and that is simple. Flowing is knowing you are free. Maude knewnthis. She was a survivor of the worst kind of strictness. One I willnnot concentrate on, or mention for this personal review andncomparison of fantasy, film and life. The only prisoner in this worldnis the one that decides to wrap his or her hands around the bars ofnthe cell and claim its demarcation and ruling. There are no realnprisoners. There are those who claim to be imprisoned. Freedom isnwithin. Freedom is not forced. It is not something to force anothernto experience. Liberty is letting go. Liberty is feeling. Liberty isnthe child that still follows. Liberty is song. Liberty is dance.nLiberty is God. Liberty is in everything, if everything is accepted.nIts knowing the sunshine heals and knowing that life is not anwrecking ground, its not a obstacle, or an obstacle coarse, but anlarge field leading to an ocean, a beach, a house, looking over thenmisty waves as the crash out the names of us all, and call upon ournearth. Some times I set at home, watch TV,nsew, read, work out, do sit ups, push ups, brush my teeth, nap, hum antune, whistle a symphony, draw in my journal and as all this happensnI pretend I am in a movie. A film is happening before me but I havenbecome such a master that I can no longer see the director but onlynthe reality of the story, the script, the world of words, and thenworld of the imagination from the writer's mind and now into thenactors body. . .and I convince myself, my mind, my supple body, thatnI have become so skilled as a craftsman, as an refined and imaginednfilled actor, that I have blocked out and vanished the rolling noisenof the camera and the grunting or eyeing of the cinematographer, andnboom mike operator and grip, and I make all this dissolve intonanother world, I can not see, distant from my reality, and I am trulynthe character, and my life is the film, and I say to myself, \"Inhave done it. This is what a movie star feels like. This is what henor she perceives as the movie is being film, as it is in effect. Thenstar doesn't know the equipment is around, he doesn't see thendirector\" and I realize I am in a movie, it really has worked, thenmovie is on, Quiet on set. . . that my life, the life I livennow, the life I am writing about is a motion picture, it is in motionnof created and planned images, that will be captured on a 35nmillimeter reel and projected onto a silver screen, projected intonsocieties mind and I become a part of the whole, projected all overnreality, and my voice, body and gestures and spirit enters all thenminds of mankind, and then I come to conclusion that my life is anmovie, and that Life is a Movie, and all I can do is live my life asnthe camera, invisible to my skill, rolls in the other world; known asnreality, of reality. ","Summary":" Thenworld of documents. The story is thengamble, the shakes, the little rattle inside the writer's "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft: The Sarah & Nancy Letters","Author":"BlackOrchid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1974461","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What if Sarah & Nancy started a correspondence years after the fateful events at the end of The Craft? Here are four possible ways it could go down... Possible letters #1 Dear Nancy, I just want to say that I'm really happy to hear that you've turned your life around and are now an Evangelical Christian. It's wonderful that you've found peace with God. I wish you nothing but the best in your life. Sincerely, Sarah Dear Sarah, You're the devil. –Nancy Possible letters #2 Nancy, Please don't send bloody chickens to my house anymore. Don't make me angry. You won't like me when I'm angry. Sincerely, Sarah Bailey Dear Sarah, I'm very sorry. I can't help the way I am...I just get a little crazy sometimes. I'm sorry. I won't send you bloody chickens to your house again. Sorry Again, Nance Nancy– I thought I told you not to send anything to my house again??!! Sarah Dear Sarah, You didn't tell me not to send \"anything\" to your house again. You specifically told me not to send you bloody chickens. Anyone with eyes (and a nose, for that matter) could plainly see that what I sent was not bloody chickens but dead fish. Why are you persecuting me? Hurt & Dismayed, Nancy Possible letters #3 Dear Nancy, Thank you for the thoughtful letter. I accept your apology. It was only temporary madness as the result of messing with Forces That Were Better Off Left Alone, after all. It's happened to lots of people. What am I doing with my life now? Oh, nothing much. Got a teaching degree–been applying to a few places, maybe St. Benedict's will hire me, wouldn't that be a riot? As for my personal life, after Chris Hooker dumped me, tried to rape me, and later died tragically (oops, sorry to remind you...but remember, it really wasn't you, it was your evil twin sister), I realized that I was really a lesbian. By the way, are you dating anyone these days? Love, Sarah Dear Sarah, Actually, I'm pretty steady now with this really cool girl I met named Willow. You see, we both met at the same support group for Formerly Apocalyptic Psycho Witches (F.A.P.W.). We got married in San Francisco last Fall. All the best, Nancy Rosenberg Possible letters #4 To: sarahfarrahbofofarrah-at-aoelle-dot-con From: GothicDesires6-at-yawho-dot-con Sar– You realize we were just two crazy teenage girls with low self-esteem, over-active imaginations, and a lot of time on our hands, right? N To: GothicDesires6-at-yawho-dot-con From: sarahfarrahbofofarrah-at-aoelle-dot-con Yeah, we were -ed up, all right. That LSD we were taking couldn't have helped matters, I reckon. SB To: sarahfarrahbofofarrah-at-aoelle-dot-con From: GothicDesires6-at-yawho-dot-con Word. N ","Summary":" What if Sarah & Nancy started a correspondence years after the fateful events at the end of The Cra"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Bonnie's Penance","Author":"El Chacal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1977959","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonnie's Penance By El Chacal Rated: PG Disclaimer: The people and things of the movie are not mine to take. I'm not making any profit from this; otherwise, I would be producing this rather than making it a fan fic. Max Barrio is my own character. Author's notes: I liked Neve Campbell's character in 'The Craft'. I wanted to make a story that actually has a happy ending...for her at least.Feedback is greatly appreciated. NO SPAM! She dreaded taking a shower, which is strange because she was able to do everything else that was so horrid to someone else, yet she couldn't perform this simple act. Everyone did this in the privacy of their home so why couldn't she? Perhaps it was because very few ever had extensively burned flesh that haunted them every day. Whenever she looked at her nude body, Bonnie began to cry. She recalled when she used the collective spell to take away her scarred flesh and make her beautiful. The way she sauntered into class wearing a white low-cut shirt and a smile on her face. All the guys were clay in her hands. They smiled at her. They admired her. They loved her. Now she was back as she was. No matter how hard she tried or how loud she screamed or how many times she called out to the so-called Manon to take away her ugliness, it wouldn't ever happen. It was a farce, all of it. She knew this was her castigation, her fate. Perhaps if she had listened to Sarah then she wouldn't be like this. Now it was back to wearing scarves and that dreaded trench coat. Back to having people snicker and talk behind her back. She was back to being an outcast. Bonnie chastised herself for hanging on Nancy's proverbial apron strings. That girl was more scarred than she was. Evidently, the old proverb is true. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. She wept every time she had to take a shower, knowing the soap would never be able to wash away the scars of her flesh. She might smell 'Zestfully clean' (so says the soap on the box) but she would still look the same. Dressed in her pajamas, Bonnie walked towards the bed. She used to say a midnight prayer before she went to bed to guarantee a safe slumber. As I lay me down to sleep, I pray my soul is mine to keep If I should die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take Place four angels to my bed, two to the foot and two to the head Four to carry me when I'm dead. Keep me safe as I lay And guide me to the light of day. She doesn't pray anymore. Perhaps she was afraid that God wouldn't listen to a witch's prayer or perhaps she was afraid that he would strike her down for her acts. But that wasn't the truth. She knew that God was of love and understanding. He was slow to smite and swift to soothe his children in time of need. On top of that, it was proclaimed that they only have to ask for it sincerely and God would forgive them unreservedly. The reason she didn't pray anymore was summed up in one word. Nancy. Bonnie thought Nancy would have thought her weak to pray to God. The reality is the essence of the fact that she couldn't believe that there was a Heaven or Hell. Rochelle now knows what Laura Lizzie suffered through. Her hair fell from her head in the same manner Lizzie's hair fell from hers. Nancy is probably being shot up with enough tranquilizers to drop a two-ton elephant in its tracks. When they went to invoke the spirit, they each brought an animal that represented each of them. Rochelle chose a goldfish for it's ability to swim and it's grace. Sarah probably could relate the most to the bird because like the feathered creature, she wished she could escape from her gilded cage. Nancy thought the snake was the best symbolism of her because of its viciousness and strength. In reality, the snake was known for it's forked tongue and Machiavellian nature. They never spoke, only hissed at their intended prey. It was also said that the bird was the enemy of the serpent; perhaps it was foreshadowing her demise and who would swing the proverbial axe. She chose a butterfly. Suitable selection, seeing as she herself once cloistered herself in scarves, long sleeved shirts and trench coats until one day she emerged as a beautiful woman. Only she turned then from a butterfly into a merciless, narcissistic, bloodthirsty wasp. There were times that she just wanted to go to Sarah and drop to her knees, begging her to forgive her for tormenting her dreams and family. As Bonnie approached her bed, she did something she hadn't done in years. She knelt at the side of her bed and said the prayer she said when she was a little girl. She then made a plea and a promise from her heart. \"Wash away these scars from my body and my soul, Lord. I promise I'll change. I'll find a way to make things right between Sarah and I. Give me a chance to repent for my sins...please?\" Bonnie pleaded, the last word coming out in a sob. Sarah was dressed up and ready to head off to school when she heard the doorbell. She opened the door to reveal the last person she ever expected to see. At least until she got to school, that is. \"Bonnie.\" She stated simply. \"Hi Sarah.\" Bonnie started with an awkward wave though she couldn't look her in the eye. \"Listen, I never got around to really apologize for what we...I did to you.\" Sarah listened on patiently as Bonnie spoke. \"It was wrong and it was a betrayal. I'm sorry for lying to you, for invading your dreams and not taking what you said into consideration. I was naïve. I was beautiful. I was never that for a long time. The pride went to my head and I forgot whom I was, if I ever knew at all to begin with. I just want to make things right between us. Really. One day, I hope you can forgive me.\" At this, she bowed her head down as if she were a child being scolded. When she felt a finger raise her chin, she found herself looking into Sarah's eyes. \"Bonnie, you're stronger than you know.\" With that, she hugged Bonnie, who clung to her in elation. \"Thank you so much. I won't let you down. I promise.\" Down the street, a man dressed in a three-piece black suit and white shirt observed this with calm while sitting down on a bus stop bench. Max Barrio looked at the girl in the trench coat. She made the step forward to serve her penance. Inside his mind, he heard the order from up above. Giving a barely noticeable nod to no one in particular, he waved his hand discretely towards Bonnie and vanished from sight as a bus passed by. Later that day, Bonnie was in the ladies' room when she noticed that her skin was smooth as satin. She gasped as she saw her body was as unblemished as sheer satin. Bonnie started crying in joy as she felt her body with her hands. Thankfully she was alone or people would have thought she had really gone crazy. Looking at herself, she gave a genuine smile. \"Thanks, God.\" As she was about to leave, she walked back to the mirror and looked up, \"I'm sorry I didn't talk to you before. I should've done it earlier. Thanks again. For everything.\" In heaven, Max Barrio looked down upon his charge with ease. The key to her salvation was in herself. Rochelle would find her way in time. Perhaps she would one day swallow her pride and ask for help. However, her resentment would soon grow into something of much concern. Nancy was uncertain. She coveted absolute power and now she had to serve her incarceration until the day her repentance was heard in her silent cries. Despite the fact she screamed 24/7 while strapped to her bed. ","Summary":" Bonnie's Penance By El Chacal Rated: PG Disclaimer: The people and things of the movie are not mine"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Totured Past","Author":"Fee Noir-tatu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1558621","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tortured past Bonnie's little feet scampered down the hallway. She clutched lovingly tonher frail teddy with creamy brown fur, and round black eyes. Little Bonnientrotted down the stairs, the plush threads of the carpet tickled her littleneight-year-old toes. The little sprite turned the corner into her livingnroom; her mom and dad were watching the news, her kitten, Lingo playedninside its wicker house. Bonnie sighed and gathered her voice, than boltedntowards her unsuspecting father and wrapped her little arms around hisnneck.n\"Im going to bed daddy, I love you.\" She piped into his ear and did thensame for her mommy. Again her little legs carried her up the steps and intonher room, under the covers and finally into the dreaming realm where bonnienslept.nHer father, who smokes prince Ricky cigars, fell asleep on the couch thatnnight, the cigar, which was still lit, fell and rolled onto the carpet bynthe stairs, the smoldering ashes ignited the carpet threads. Smoke waftednthrough the air, as the tiny embers became something more, a flame. Soonnthere carpet by the stairs was on fire, Fire that cracked at the wood andnlicked at the air. Bonnie's parents could not get to her room until thenfire truck came screaming down the street.nTo little Bonnie, she thought it was a dream, that the smoke and screamsnwere just part of the nightmares that play any child at night. LittlenBonnie forgot all the things they taught her in school. She sat upright,nand threw the covers off her bed. The smoke was thick and made her cry, shenran to her door, scorching her hand on the brass doorknob. The firemanncalled to the little girl, her dark luscious hair sooty and her lungs fullnof smoke, she screamed and staggered to him at the window. The fireman hadnhis arms ready to grab her, but the roof creaked, the fire spread up intonthe roof and was above Bonnie's room. The ceiling cried as little bonnienducked in a flash of fire and tears.nEight years later little bonnie isn't so little anymore, yet she makesnherself little and undetermined. Her once luscious hair is greasy and itndrapes her once sparkly brown eyes. The layers of clothed and jackets covernher skin, covering her smattered, scared back. Her once soft pale flesh isnbumped and rippled in a mass of scars over her back and arms. She thinksnback to this, this story, this tragic tale of a girl's departure ofnchildhood, her beauty, sparkle and love has burned up along with herntortured past. ------------------------------------------------------------------nThis is my first, a little ugh but tell me what u think! ","Summary":" Tortured past Bonnie's little feet scampered down the hallway. She clutched lovingly tonher frail t"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Berry Kisses","Author":"MissFrodoBaggins","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6120256","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own the film: \"The Never Ending Story\" I do not own the book: \"The Never Ending Story\". the rightful owner of the book is Michael Ende **Michael smiles at this remark** I do not own any of the characters, settings, or actual conflicts. I may have altered the ages of the characters, but I have my reasons. This action does not in anyway affect the actual ages of the characters in the book or film xD THIS IS A PARODY/SLASH BASED OFF OF THE MOVIE, THE NEVER ENDING STORY. THANK U, AND PLZ ENJOY: 3 The school attic was a cluttered, dusty place. Bastian felt he was surely alone in the school with the exception of the janitors. The sky was getting dark, and it was windy. Shadows from the swaying trees danced across the walls and forgotten items of the attic. Bastian remembered a time like this when he was at home with his father. The power had gone out, and he was trying to sleep. ***\"Dad,\" Bastian remembered calling his father that night. He tiptoed down the hall to his dad's room. He leaned over the bed and shook his Dad's shoulder to awake him. \"What is it Bastian?\" His father asked wearily. \"It's past midnight, get to bed.\" \"No! Dad there's a ghost in my room…!\" Bastian cried. \"Silly boy, there are no ghosts. Our house is pretty new. Why would ghosts be hanging around here?\" His dad asked. \"Maybe it's Mom.\" Bastian said. His glasses were dangling from the bridge of his nose, and his hear was all sitting up in one direction. His eyes were wild with fear behind the thick glass of his spectacles. Bastian's dad softened. \"You think it's Mom?\" Bastian nodded. \"It's Mom. I'm sure of it…. Just come see for yourself.\" He pulled his father out of bed. Bastian's dad followed him into his son's room. \"There,\" Bastian said, pointing to the shadow of a branch on his wall. \"Oh son,\" Bastian's dad said with a smile. \"Get in bed,\" \"But…\" \"See?\" Bastian's dad said, tracing the shadow with his finger. \"It's from the branch.\" He pointed out of the window at the branch that was making the shadow, clarifying. His son smiled and climbed in bed. \"Hmm, I kind of wish it was mom. I miss her.\" \"I know son,\" Bastian's dad said. \"I miss her too.\" *** Thinking of the story helped Bastian feel better about being alone in the attic. Maybe he should go home to his dad… Maybe he didn't have to stay in the attic. But then he saw the book. He couldn't take it home, his dad might see it! So he pulled the book open again and continued his journey. It was getting pretty intense. Atreyu just lost his horse, and as he struggled through the swamp, a wolf came after him. But the luck dragon saved him from the wolf just in time! Bastian closed the book and fell back with a sigh. \"Wow,\" he said. \"What an adventure.\" He was really starting to grow on this story, and the character of Atreyu. Atreyu was so brave and smart… On those thoughts, the reader began to grow tired. He closed his eyes. Just a short nap, Bastian thought. Then I'll get back to reading… I promise Atreyu. *** Bastian dreamed he was in a peaceful forest. exotic flowers and bright green grasses grew around a clear, sparkling pond that sat in the center of the magnificent scene. Strange animals hid in the bushes and in the treetops. It reminded Bastian a lot of something from Fantasia… Something from The Never Ending Story ! Bastian was lying deep in the tall grass, supposedly resting from a long journey to find water. He shielded his eyes from the blazing sunlight with his arm, which he folded over his face. He didn't have any glasses, and his hair was grown out and messy in all directions. This was why his Dad made him get a haircut all the time! Either that or he just didn't want him looking like a girl. There was a faint crackling of the twigs. Bastian sat up abruptly though his rest. \"Who's there? Hello?\" He turned around to see Atreyu of the plains people and his loving horse, Artax. Atreyu sat on Artax, looking down on Bastian curiously. His dark eyes glittered and his long, dark hair flowing free, almost touching his shoulders. His skin was tanned from long days in the sun, and his chest was slightly revealed only from his tunic. Lying upon his chest was the Auryn. Atreyu slowed his horse and demounted it. Artax rummaged though the vegetation, looking for a snack. The other boy wandered over to Bastian, who only stared at him, consumed by wonder. \"A-are you…?\" Bastian stuttered. Atreyu bent over next to Bastian and held out his hand. \"Yes, I am Atreyu of the plains people. I am out seeking a cure for the Empress.\" \"The Empress of what…?\" Bastian asked. Atreyu cocked his head to the side. \"Don't you know? Fantasia of course!\" he extended his arm to the lovely scene around them. Bastian just stared at the other boy, taking in the moment he had to do so. Atreyu of the plains people was actually quite handsome, and he seemed very outgoing as well. It was a good contrast to Bastian's own shy, vulnerability. \"Come,\" Atreyu said, standing. He held out his hand to help Bastian to his feet. Bastian took the other boy's surprisingly soft hands. \"Thanks,\" Bastian mumbled. \"Follow me,\" Atreyu said. \"Maybe we can find some food in this forest somewhere. I'm not used to forest though. There aren't many trees where I'm from.\" Bastian followed Atreyu of the plains people deeper into the forest. It was quite a beautiful place in fact, if you looked at it through the eyes of a smart ass like Atreyu. \"I think this tree grows berries,\" Atreyu said, crouching down beside the roots of a tall, thick tree. \"Ah! Found some!\" He picked up a few dark berries and handed them to Bastian. Bastian tasted some. \"Wow, these are pretty good.\" Atreyu picks up a few berries for himself. \"My father used to bring these home to my mother. I was too young to eat them though.\" \"Do you miss your parents? They must be worried since you're off alone like this.\" Bastian said, toying with a berry on his tongue. \"Not anymore,\" said Atreyu, leaning on the tree and looking up into the sky. \"They've been dead for a while. I never really did miss them I think… I was so young when they left me.\" Bastian turned to the other boy slowly. \"I'm sorry to hear that…\" Atreyu shrugged. \"…Don't have to be, I don't care anymore.\" \"You don't care?\" \"Nope, I don't care. Not anymore I don't. I'm on my own, just me and Artax.\" \"Not even a little bit?\" \"Maybe just a LITTLE…\" Atreyu finally gave in, with a smirk. \"How about you…\" \"Bastian,\" the other boy said. \"My name is Bastian.\" \"Where are you from?\" Atreyu asked. Suddenly, all the memories of the world he once lived in washed away. \"I... Don't… Know…\" Atreyu knitted his dark eyebrows together. \"That's odd, I suppose.\" \"It is,\" Bastian said. \"I have a father though. My mother is dead. Where I'm from, there aren't many trees either… I can just hardly imagine it…\" \"These berries were good,\" Atreyu said, changing the subject. Artax came up behind his boy, snorting and nuzzling Atreyu's back with his nose. He giggled. Bastian blushed. Atreyu offered his last berry to Artax, who licked it up quickly. He giggled again. \"That tickles!\" Artax wandered away toward the pond for a drink. Atreyu turned back to me. \"I've always wanted to fall in love,\" he said, catching Bastian off guard. \"Where on earth did that come from?\" Bastian asked, his blush increasing slowly. Atreyu sighed and shook his head. \"I don't know… Well, when I saw Artax I thought of how much I truly love him. Then I got to thinking of how much I wanted to fall in love. One day I'll meet the right guy.\" Bastian cleared his throat and blinked. \"Excuse me?\" Atreyu was blushing now too. \"N-nothing, I didn't say anything.\" \"Are you sure?\" Bastian asked, shifting his weight to his right leg. \"…Positive?\" Atreyu covered his face with his hands. \"OK.\" he peeked through his fingers. \"I said something.\" Bastian chuckled. \"Yes, you did.\" \"I have one love already though,\" Atreyu said. Bastian's heart sank. \"Who is it?\" \"No one really, just nature….\" Atreyu turned to the tree that grew the berries and hugged its round trunk. His arms didn't even reach all the way around. His head was nestled against the bark. He turned to Bastian and smiled, showing all his teeth. Bastian practically melted. He was absolutely and indescribably gorgeous at that moment. Atreyu motioned with his forefinger for Bastian to come closer. \"Come 'ere.\" Bastian's eyes grew wide, and he inched over to the other boy. \"A little closer,\" Bastian got closer. \"Closer….\" Then Atreyu bent in to Bastian and whispered. \"I'm gonna kiss the tree.\" Bastian giggled. He covered his mouth instantly, realizing how flirtatious it sounded. Maybe that wasn't such a bad thing. Atreyu was looking pretty good just then…Good enough to eat… Then Atreyu did just what he said he would. He turned to the tree. He held the front of it in his hands, as if it was a human head. He closed his eyes and puckered his lips, leaning into the tree slowly. He connected to the bark with a satisfying smack. He let his lips sit there, slightly puckered. His eyes were still closed. \"That was hot.\" Atreyu said quietly to himself. Bastian burst out laughing. \"Wow, oh. My. Gosh. It was a tree.\" \"A tree that was my true love,\" the other boy said, opening his eyes slowly. The two boys stared at each other for the longest time, and Bastian erupted in laughter again. Atreyu joined in this time, leaning his head back and laughing. Sunlight danced over his hair, bringing out his auburn highlights. It trickled down his smooth brown neck and over his perfect chest. Bastian couldn't help himself. He reached out and touched Atreyu's dark hair. So soft… The boy snatched his head out instantly and snatched up Bastian's hand from his hair instinctively. Bastian gasped. Atreyu's eyes grew wide. \"It was just… Instincts…\" he mumbled. His mouth was half open. Bastian searched Atreyu's eyes for emotion; there was nothing… Like The Nothing itself. Bastian suddenly smiled. \"You have some berry juice on your…\" \"…My what?\" Atreyu asked. \"…Lips.\" Bastian stepped in closer to the plains boy. He smelled like pine and berries; also a bit of animal hides, which his tunic was made out of. \"I'll get that for you,\" Bastian said, leaning in. His eyes seemed to close themselves. Atreyu leaned in forward, and pulled Bastian in closer by his wrist. He closed his eyes too. The two boy's lips met for the briefest moment, and Bastian pulled away quickly. Atreyu licked his lips and smiled. Her grasped Bastian's head in his hands and kissed him hard on the mouth. Bastian was surprised at first, but he gave in and kissed back. He ran his hands down Atreyu's pretty, smooth neck. Atreyu grabbed onto the tree for support and moaned slightly into Bastian's mouth. They both pulled back at that instant. Atreyu's eyes sparkled with adventure and he opened his mouth slightly more and leaned into Bastian's neck. He let out a breathy moan. Bastian wished he could conceal the reaction to his arousal. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. \"Wait,\" he said. \"Stop, stop.\" Atreyu backed off with a pretty frown on his lips. \"What's wrong?\" \"I… Um…\" Bastian had to think of something and something quick. He was too slow however, because Atreyu noticed the other boy's erection. He closed in the space between them and placed his hand over the hard spot. He pushed down his hand slightly. Just before Bastian could moan with satisfaction, everything went black. *** The scene switched back to the attic. Bastian sat up from his \"little nap\" just as aroused as he was in the dream. He sighed happily. This was one of the most vivid dreams he'd ever had. And it was about a boy… Part two will be posted ASAP! Thnx a bunch 4 reading! LUF U ALL! Peace&3, MissFrodoBaggins[Chapter 2] I do not own the film: \"The Never Ending Story\" I do not own the book: \"The Never Ending Story\". The rightful owner of the book is Michael Ende **Michael smiles at this remark** I do not own any of the characters, settings, or actual conflicts. I may have altered the ages of the characters, but I have my reasons. This action does not in anyway affect the actual ages of the characters in the book or film XD THIS IS A PARODY/SLASH BASED OFF OF THE MOVIE, THE NEVER ENDING STORY. THANK U, AND PLZ ENJOY: 3 Shoved the book into his backpack and fled the school before any of the teachers arrived. Thankfully, the principal was there and didn't catch him running out. He ran down the street, through the endless crowd of pedestrians, and ducked into an alley to catch his breath. \"Heyyyy Bastian!\" Someone sang. Bastian's heart was already racing from his sprint from school. The sound of the voice made his stomach knot. He knew who this was. He turned around and faced four towering, angry faced, teenage boys. \"What are you doing here?\" One asked. Bastian backed away slowly, still panting to catch his breath. \"I was just leaving.\" He breathed. \"Oh?\" The other boy said. \"But you just got here. Stay a while…\" The other three boys crowded around him. \"Relax; take off your shoes…\" One boy pulled Bastian's shoes off and tossed them in a near by dumpster. \"Go get them.\" Bastian said, his voice cracking to his dismay. He sounded just as week and scared as he looked. \"Hahahaaa…!\" The lead boy cackled. \"Yea right; What'cha gonna do about it?\" \"I'm gonna… I'm gonna…\" Bastian stuttered. This was not good. Not at all… \"Right,\" the lead boy said, snatching his glasses from his nose. \"Nothing…. Not with out these, fag.\" Bastian was hopeless now. He couldn't see anything. It was all blurry colors and shaking images. \"Ugh!\" \"Get him.\" The lead boy said simply. He dropped Bastian's glasses onto the brick and cracked them under his shoe. Then there was little medley of pain; from kicking to punching, to being pushed down and having hair pulled out of its roots. Not a pleasant feeling, at all. Bastian was sure he blacked out after taking a blow to the head, but he could hear the boys talking around them. It wasn't fair, four against one, but life wasn't fair. Throw the glass away! One boy said. Hide the shoes under the trash bags, said the lead boy. Take the backpack! Said another boy This would not be tolerated. There was no way those gay-bashers could get away with taking Bastian's backpack. But they did. The grabbed it. Bastian blinked himself awake before he drifted off into a coma. \"Give. It. Back.\" He mustered himself to say. \"He lives!\" One boy cried. \"No faggot,\" said another. \"You can't have the backpack, but you can have your stuff.\" He emptied the contents of Bastian's backpack onto his broken body. Bastian fumbled around blindly, looking for his book. Oh no, oh no… He thought. Where is it? Where is my book? God dammit, where did it go? \"Looking for this?\" Said one boy, holding the book in his hands; The Never Ending Story . \"Hand it over.\" Bastian ordered. \"Nope,\" said the boy. \"Now…!\" Bastian cried. \"I'm sorry, I can't do that.\" Said the taunting voice… \"Get lost,\" said the lead bully. \"Oh, and go to hell while you're at it.\" He added a final jab in the face, which sent Bastian into darkness. He fell back, unconscious. He'd let Atreyu down. That book could not end up in the wrong hands. \"Bastian,\" someone whispered. \"Bastian, son, wake up…\" Bastian smiled wearily. \"Mom,\" he said. \"No, you're still a live thank goodness.\" It was Bastian's father. He didn't want to see his Dad. He wanted to see his mom. In the after life; he didn't want to live with the thought that the book was in the wrong hands. So many things could go wrong. \"Come on son,\" Bastian's father said, picking him up. They didn't feel like his father's hands. His eyes cracked open slightly. It was pitch black, and there were flashing blue and red lights. The paramedics were there. Bastian and his father got in the backseat of the vehicle and they drove to the emergency room. \"What happened to you, son?\" Bastian's dad asked. He was clearly shaken. \"Son? Speak to me.\" \"It was… Bullies… they… T-took…. Something… v-v-very-y important…. T-to me….\" Bastian said. His throat burned from thirst. It had been two days since he had anything to eat or drink. \"I-I feel dizzy,\" Bastian said. The room was spinning. His head and cheeks burned. Bastian's dad grabbed a bottle of water from his messenger bag and held the water to Bastian's lips. It trickled down the side of his face, but he caught some of the liquid on his tongue. \"We're gonna get to the bottom of this,\" Bastian's father said. \"We can't just sit here… a…. pretend…. happened….son…are ... awake?\" He felt woozy. He drifted off to sleep. Bastian slipped off into the happy land of Fantasia. He smiled in his sleep. His dad would be happy to see that. ***Bastian and Atreyu were in a canoe, floating down the river. It was peaceful, and tranquil. The sky was pink, and the trees were hanging low over the sparkling clear water. It was perfect. \"I thought you said you were on a journey,\" Bastian said with a smile. \"Oh I am!\" Atreyu said, with a bright smile. His lovely, dark eyes lit up in the dim pink light. Bastian ran his hands through the water as Atreyu guided the canoe along with his paddle. \"Atreyu, where is Artax?\" Bastian asked. \"He's on land, silly.\" Atreyu said. Bastian loved the way he made eye contact all the time. It could be hard to look in those eyes of his though… Those dreamy, brown eyes. \"Since we're going to another island, how will he find us?\" Bastian asked. \"He will, trust me.\" Atreyu said. \"Sometimes, on days like this, I like to pretend I'm somewhere else.\" \"Why?\" \" Sometimes I'd rather be off on some epic adventure, to a far away land.\" Atreyu replied. \"Same.\" Atreyu closed his eyes and smiled. \"Imagine we're on a pirates ship. I'm the first mate, you're the captain, and the Empress is the damsel in distress that we're holding captive.\" \"Now there has to be a hero to this story.\" I said. Atreyu nodded. \"And that hero shall be… Artax!\" he cried. I burst out laughing. \"Artax..?\" \"Artax,\" Atreyu said. \"When we doc at some magical island, he gallops to the rescue, and the Empress rides him to… To… To the plains, where the plains people live. Then the Empress finds the boy of her dreams and they live happily ever after.\" \"Now that sounds like a fairy tale,\" I said. \"Ooh, that gave me an idea!\" Artax said. \"Once upon a time, there was a prince. He was really quite lonely, although he had his noble steed and a huge palace full of servants. But he had no parents, grandparents, aunties, uncles… Not even a single friend. Not one was in the castle with them. They were all back home on a small, beautiful island called Fantasia. Bastian could tell where this fairy tale was going. He was eager to hear the rest. \"Hmm…\" Atreyu said, his lips in a straight line. \"I can't think of anything. I'm stuck.\" \"Aww,\" Bastian said, shooting a flirtatious smile his way. Atreyu smiled back. His eyes twinkled. When the two boys arrived on land, it was cold and dark. By nightfall, the two of them sat in the grass, staring into the burning fire that they built together. But Bastian wasn't cold with out the fire. Warm feelings ran through him whenever he looked at Atreyu. His heart burned like the fire itself for him. \"Thought of the rest of that story yet?\" Bastian asked, lying on his back. Atreyu sat with his stomach on his back, propping up his body on his elbows. He smiled at Bastian, his soft brown cheeks dimpled. \"Yup.\" \"I wanna hear it,\" Bastian said. \"So there was a princess.\" Atreyu continued. \"Oh?\" Bastian said. \"Yea, a princess. Her name was Flower.\" Atreyu said. \"That's a funny name.\" Bastian commented. \"Sure is\" Atreyu said. \"The princess was a funny person. In a bad way. She was obsessive about the prince. She wanted him badly. So the king sent the princess to the prince's castle, accompanied by her cousin, the duke. Princess flower and the duke came to visit, and after the visit, the prince was confused. You wanna know why?\" \"Why?\" Bastian asked. \"Because he fell in love with the duke instead of princess flower…\" Atreyu said seductively. Bastian bit his lip to keep from screaming in joy. He giggled. \"The duke came over the next day with Flower, and the prince said to the duke, do me a favor. Anything, said the duke. And guess what the prince asked the duke to do, Bastian?\" Atreyu said. \"What?\" \"….Kiss me…\" Atreyu said, closing the space between them. Bastian ran his fingers through Atreyu's hair, and touched the soft, fuzzy hair behind his neck. \"And they lived happily ever after.\" He said. Bastian pulled Atreyu down to level with him and held him close. Then he moved in and kissed his mouth. His heart had burned for this moment with Atreyu, and now it burned for all of him. ***[Chapter 3] I do not own the film: \"The Never Ending Story\" I do not own the book: \"The Never Ending Story\". The rightful owner of the book is Michael Ende **Michael smiles at this remark** I do not own any of the characters, settings, or actual conflicts. I may have altered the ages of the characters, but I have my reasons. This action does not in any way affect the actual ages of the characters in the book or film XD ENJOY! SORRY IT TOOK ME SO LONG TO UPDADTE. I HAVE ANOTHER STORY THAT IS VERY POPULAR AND WELL… MY READERS ARE IMPAITENT. LOL. Bastian woke up from his dream abruptly. His heart was pounding in his chest. Where was he? The room was very warm and it smelled like alcohol and plastic; the hospital. \"Dad,\" Bastian said, sitting up. His father was in the corner of the room sleeping. \"Yes, Bastian…\" His father muttered wearily. \"N-no, wait. Where's Atreyu? Atreyu..!\" Bastian said. His dad looked at him strangely. \"Atreyu..? Who's Atreyu?\" Bastian blushed. \"Nobody…\" Bastian tried to prop himself up some more, but suddenly there was a sharp pain in his wrist. Tears came into his eyes and he grimaced. \"Dad, what did they do to me? Why am I in the hospital?\" He asked. Suddenly Bastian's neck felt really sore. He lay back down on his side so he could see his father's face. \"Well, you took a pretty bad blow to your head. I mean, really bad. I think your skull was cracked. There was a lot of bleeding… Too much…\" Bastian's dad said. He was surprisingly calm about the situation. \"When are we going home?\" Bastian asked. \"Well, you're wrist is broken. They can fix that today. They decided to wait though, until you got some rest. You were out cold. I doubt a fire could've woken you up.\" Bastian's dad said. \"No, you don't understand. I have to get that book.\" Bastian said. He felt like he couldn't breathe. \"What book, son?\" \"The book..! He's in the book! I'll never see him again.\" Bastian's Dad came to his bedside. \"Bastian, son, calm down... I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"You can't know. You can't ever know.\" Bastian said. \"Maybe you need some more rest,\" \"Yes. I do. That's the only thing I need.\" Bastian said with a smile. He turned on his other side away from his father and closed his eyes. In Fantasia, everything was better. His wrist wasn't broken, and he didn't have a headache. Bastian was making his way through a thick forest, pushing branches and vines out of his path. Only one thing was on his mind. That one thing was Atreyu. \"Atreyu,\" Bastian called. \"Atreyu, I'm coming!\" There was a weird knot in his stomach though. He knew something was wrong. \"Atreyu,\" Bastian said again. \"Atreyu, hold on!\" He started running. He tripped over logs and got his clothes ripped from thorns, but he kept going. Atreyu's image was running through his mind, forcing him to keep going. Bastian came to a clearing in the forest. There was Atreyu. He was bending over a small pond. The pond was so small; it was probably caused by rain. \"Atreyu, are you alright?\" Bastian asked. As he got closer, he noticed that Atreyu was sniffling. \"Bastian, where were you?\" Atreyu asked. He was splashing water on his arms. Bastian crouched down beside him. Atreyu's arms were covered in bruises and there was a cut on his cheek. There was a small purple spot under his eye as if he'd been punched. \"What happened to you?\" Bastian asked, gathering Atreyu in his arms. Atreyu was wet, but Bastian didn't care. Atreyu started to sob. Bastian's blood was boiling. Apparently Fantasia wasn't so great. Who could've hurt poor Atreyu? \"They took all of my weapons… T-they…\" Atreyu mumbled. Bastian pulled Atreyu back at arm's length and looked him in the eyes. \"They what…?\" \"T-they took Artax.\" Atreyu mumbled. Artax was gone? Bastian was furious. He held Atreyu against him again. \"Who were they?\" \"I don't know. It was just this big group of shadowy figures. They just consumed things in their darkness. Then they like… Took control of me… I couldn't control my own movements. They forced me to walk into trees and banged my body against rocks. Then they made me cut my cheek with my own dagger. Then they just consumed my dagger too…\" \"They were gone as quickly as they came.\" Atreyu said. Bastian pulled Atreyu back again and kissed his cheek right above the cut. \"I'll find them.\" \"How can you?\" Atreyu asked. He was right though. There wasn't anything Bastian could really do, was there? When the sky was getting dark, Atreyu came back from the forest with some berries and roots. Bastian was sitting down in front of the fire he made, just staring into the flames. \"I know this isn't what you're used to,\" Atreyu said. He sat down beside Bastian. \"But it's all I could get without my weapons.\" \"Thanks,\" Bastian said. He wasn't hungry though; not with Atreyu sitting in front of him. He was just so beautiful. Bastian crawled on his knees towards Atreyu and sat so their legs touched. \"You know I'd do anything for you?\" Bastian asked. Atreyu smiled. \"I didn't know that, actually.\" When he looked down his brown hair fell into his eyes. Bastian felt limp. He moved his head onto Atreyu's shoulder. \"You smell good,\" Bastian said. \"You mean like sweat and tree bark?\" Atreyu asked. \"No, you smell amazing… Good enough to eat.\"Bastian said. Atreyu giggled. He picked up a berry and popped it into his mouth. \"Yum…\" Bastian kissed Atreyu's shoulder. \"I know… Yum.\" \"Wanna try one?\" Atreyu asked, referring to the berries. \"Sure,\" Bastian said. Atreyu picked up a berry and handed it to Bastian. Bastian got on his knees so he was taller than Atreyu and kissed his head. Then his forehead, then his nose, then his mouth. Atreyu dropped the berry and held Bastian's waist. \"Tastes good,\" Bastian said. Atreyu giggled in the back of his throat. Bastian moved in and kissed Atreyu's neck. He rolled his tongue over his Adam's apple. Atreyu made a small moan in the back of his throat. \"I love you,\" Bastian whispered into Atreyu's neck. Atreyu didn't say anything. \"I'm not… Sure…\" Bastian was quiet for a while. He just held his lips on Atreyu's neck for awhile. \"You'll be sure after this.\" He said, moving his hands under Atreyu's shirt. He resumed kissing his neck and moved his fingers up Atreyu's chest; from his belly button to his nipples. Atreyu gasped. Atreyu took his shirt off. Bastian smiled. He moved his lips down to Atreyu's clavicles and kissed him there, letting his tongue glide around the bones. He could almost feel Atreyu's heart beating. Atreyu moved Bastian's left leg on the other side of his torso. \"You wanna have an orgasm?\" Bastian asked. \"What's that?\" Atreyu asked. \"You'll figure out,\" Bastian said. \"Does it feel good?\" Atreyu asked. \"Yea,\" Bastian said. \"I wanna have an orgasm.\" Atreyu said. Bastian chuckled. \"Anything for you…\" He kissed Atreyu's right nipple. It felt hard. Bastian moved his hand over Atreyu's crotch. \"Is this an orgasm?\" Atreyu asked. \"It will be.\" Bastian slid his hand into Atreyu's tunic. Atreyu took a deep breath and exhaled sharply as Bastian gently stroked him. \"Wait,\" Atreyu said. He took Bastian's wrist and guided his hand. Atreyu opened his legs a bit and continued to guide Bastian's hand. \"Uh, yea…\" Soon Atreyu started to pant. He squinted and bit his lip. \"Faster.\" Bastian went faster. \"Faster…\" Atreyu said again. Bastian went even faster. Atreyu's head went back a little and his panting got harder. \"I think I'm gonna pee.\" Atreyu said. Bastian smiled. \"You're not.\" Then Atreyu closed his eyes and let out a strangled moan. He fell back onto the dirt. His heart was beating rapidly. Bastian pulled his hand out of Atreyu's tunic. \"I peed.\" Atreyu said with a smile. \"No, you had an orgasm.\" Bastia said, falling back beside him. \"That was amazing.\" Atreyu said. \"Yea…\" It was quiet for awhile. The only sound was the sound of the crackling fire. \"You looked so beautiful when you had that orgasm.\" Bastian said. \"Especially by the firelight,\" Atreyu smiled. \"You made me scream like a little girl.\" \"It was hot.\" Bastian said. \"It's like I forgot about everything and it was just you, me, and your hand.\" Atreyu said. They both laughed. \"But you always look beautiful though...\" Bastian said. \"I love you,\" Atreyu said in a small voice. \"I mean it. I was just too afraid to say. I wanted to sound sincere.\" \"I don't doubt you.\" Bastian said. He rolled over to his side and Atreyu held his hand over his chest. Bastian got up and leaned over to kiss Atreyu's mouth. The next morning, it was very sunny and warm. Bastian was turned on his other side. \"Good morning Atreyu.\" He said. When Bastian turned to the other side though, Atreyu was nowhere to be seen. . ","Summary":" I do not own the film: \"The Never Ending Story\" I do not own the book: \"The Never Ending Story\""},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"Love Song","Author":"kersync","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12626471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Foreword things to note: -takes place after the Rock Dog movie. -i depict the characters as being heavily anthropomorphic, rather than their cartoon-ish appearance in the film. Heya, Rock Dog fans and curious readers! This Fic was based on many thoughts and musings I had about what would happen after the events of the Rock Dog movie. Throughout the film, Bodi is portrayed as this incredibly lovable yet clueless dude who is as naive as he is kind and genuine. These qualities intrigued me, as I've haven't really seen a character like this, and his interactions were not only hilarious but also dorky and adorable. Adorkable! That's the word I was thinking of! So what would happen if Bodi realized that he was in love with his best friend? That would obviously result in some hilariously cute antics. Truthfully, Rock Dog was an okay movie, I just feel its focus on things was heavily misplaced. The universe it set up, if done right, could tell an epic tale of bravery, courage, and passion. I would like to someday start a FanFiction where I re-tell the events of the movie in a more gritty, realistic, and dramatic fashion. But for now, have this short little romance of Bodi realizing his love for Darma. Enjoy! -Kersync[Chapter 2] Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Chapter One – New Digs They must have made the elevator slower or something. It's never this slow. I'm not just imagining this right? Someone must've complained that the elevators were going too fast, and the building's owner sent an engineer down to make the speed of the elevator at least two hundred percent slower. Darma had been up for about thirty hours and wanted nothing more than to collapse onto her beloved, battered, almost always un-made bed. Never before had she performed so many encores in her life. Not that she was complaining, of course. Who would complain after going from playing in Rock and Roll Park to an audience of zero, to performing on stage with Angus Scattergood to an audience of thousands? But after the show's over, after everyone leaves, it's only then you realize how tired you are and how much your feet hurt. The elevators doors had a chrome finish, allowing Darma to view her exhausted, tired eyes. She haphazardly brushed some stray fur behind her ear, in a pathetic attempt to make herself more presentable to the dog next to her. However, it appeared that Bodi had been enthralled with staring at the elevator's LCD screen change as it indicated the floors they passed. She looked over at him, amazed how after everything that happened, he was still full of energy, bearing that excited and optimistic smile. \"How are you not tired?\" Darma asked, genuinely curious. Bodi turned to her, smiling. \"I don't know! I mean, I've never felt so happy in all my life! I am a bit worn out but more than anything I'm just so excited to see what the future holds.\" Bodi then stretched his paw out to her, motioning to the bass guitar strung around her shoulder. \"I could hold that for you if you'd like.\" \"Oh, no,\" Darma said, \"I'll be fine. Thanks, though. Our floor's comin' up.\" \"This is a really nice building. It must be the tallest in the city!\" \"Yeah, well it isn't. It's pretty close though. Germur wanted a place with a view, and he had the money.\" \"Germur? I thought you said this was your place,\" Bodi asked. The elevator dinged, and the doors rattled and slid open. Darma picked up her bag she'd set down and proceeded through the door. \"Well, it's kind of a shared apartment. Come, follow me.\" Darma led the way as she and Bodi walked a long and dim hall. \"Oh, Germur must be so rich! That's how he affords a place like this-\" \"He's not rich, he's just got a trust fund and like zero responsibilities.\" \"I see,\" Bodi acknowledged when in actuality he didn't really understand what Darma had said but decided against questioning her further, as she did seem incredibly tired. \"Here we are, Apartment 23-B,\" Darma said, yawning shortly after. She set down her Bass Guitar to rummage through her bag and look for the key. \"So um, Trey has already moved his stuff out. You could have his room, it's the one down the hall.\" \"Oh, he moved out?\" \"Kicked out,\" Darma corrected, turning the key, opening the door, and walking inside. \"Well, I hope it wasn't because of me.\" \"Nah, it was a long time coming anyway, he was a huge jerk.\" Darma set her stuff down a nearby coffee table and turned to face Bodi. \"Look, dude, I'd love to give you a tour of the place, but I'm super beat-\" \"Oh no, It's fine! Thank you so much for giving me a place to stay!\" \"Hey, it's the least I could do considering what you've done for me, Bodi. Anyway, n-\" She was cut off, as Bodi had hugged her. Perhaps it was because Darma was so exhausted and tired that the thoughts she had formed during the hug were...odd. His arms are strong and he smells like oranges and I don't want this hug to end. Bodi was notorious for having hugs with a longer-than-normal duration time, but it seemed to Darma like it was the shortest hug she'd ever had. The young mastiff backed away. Darma noticed a look of confusion flash across Bodi's face, which then transitioned into a somewhat weaker smile. \"Well um, the room down the hall, right?\" \"Y-yeah.\" \"Okay, Goodnight!\" Darma watched as Bodi walked down the hall and place his paw on the knob. He then turned to look at her and smiled, then walked into the room. Darma proceeded to trudge over to her room door, turning the knob and entering. Sidestepping the piles of clothes and collapsing onto her bed. She settled into her usual position, allowed her mind to settle, and awaited sleep. Little did Darma know, this was the first of many sleepless nights that she would have. \"Never thought I'd be so amused by watching someone eat food...\" Darma thought to herself, watching Bodi consume a plate of potato fries for the first time. \"Mmm! These are delicious! Almost better than pizza!\" Bodi happily said, mouth filled with fries. \"Oh, did you wanna get pizza, Bodi?\" \"Well that's a very generous offer, but I think the five plates of fries I've had were certainly enough for me. So what's next on the to-do list today?\" \"Hmm...let's see..\" Darma said, thinking about the day's past events. \"We got you your phone...\" \"Yup! It's bright and confusing!\" Bodi said, gleefully holding up his newly purchased PawPhone 7. \"Don't worry, I'll show you how to use it when we get home.\" Darma giggled, \"Liking your new clothes, by the way?\" Bodi togged on his new red V-neck shirt nodding his head up and down rapidly. \"Absolutely! They feel so awesome and smooth – I feel like a real city dog now!\" Darma giggled once more. \"Well, they're definitely a step up from those rural robes of yours.\" \"Yeah, I noticed I didn't really fit in.\" \"Well it's not really about fitting in, being unique is awesome! I mean- you just needed more than one set of clothes, Bodi.\" \"Yes, that is very true.\" \"So phone, clothes, food...I think we pretty much did everything we needed to today. And it is getting pretty late,\" Darma said before yawning. \"Oh, apologies, I'm just used to longer days I think! Always had to wake up early and sleep late just to get all the chores and work done back at snow mountain.\" \"No need to be sorry, actually it's pretty good for me. I need to stop being lazy anyway, especially with this new record deal of ours.\" \"Oh! Wanna rock out when we get home?\" Bodi nearly yelled in excitement, tail whipping back and forth with enthusiasm. \"Now that sounds like a plan.\" Bodi got up from his chair, pacing around, still marveling at the wondrous architecture of the city's biggest mall. Darma got up as well, getting ready to go when a dreadful sight caught her eye. It was Trey, glaring daggers at her and Bodi from across the food court. Trey? What does he want? Why is he at the mall – he hates it here! Has he been following us? \"Bodi could you excuse me, I'll be right back,\" Darma said before making a beeline to her former guitarist. Bodi noticed the urgency in her walk and sudden change of mood. \"Okay! I'll be here!\" He called out to her. In the meantime, Bodi walked over to a nearby vending machine, still so amused by every new piece of technology he had come in contact with. Then he felt a light tap on his shoulder. He turned around, expecting Darma, but before him stood a short, curvy, female dog he'd never seen before. \"Oh, hello there.\" \"Are...are you Bodi?\" \"Yes, I am. And who might you be?\" \"U-um, I'm Mia,\" she said, adjusting her paws nervously. \"Hi, Mia! Nice to meet you!,\" He said, offering him her paw. She stared at it in awe for a few seconds before enthusiastically shaking it vigorously. \"Oh the pleasure's all mine, I assure you!\" Mia giggled. \"So how can I help you, Mia?\" \"Well uh, I just w-wanted to say I was at your concert that night a few weeks ago. And um, yeah I just really thought you were really cool and cute and stuff...\" she mumbled, looking away from him as she said that last part. \"Oh wow! Meeting my first fan! This is so great! I'm going to hug you now,\" he said before wrapping Mia up in a bear hug. Surely social abnormalities were something of a mystery to Bodi, and hugs were mainly something he offered as a friendly greeting, but Mia took it another way. Once the hug was broken, Bodi spotted Darma walking towards them. \"Well I gotta go now, It was nice meeting you, Mia!\" He said, beginning to step away from her. \"W-WAIT!\" the star-struck fan yelled. Bodi turned. \"Um...would you...could I...c-call you sometime?\" \"Huh? Oh! Yeah sure! I just got a phone, wanna see it?\" Bodi said excitedly, eager to show off his new device. He quickly pulled out his phone, recalling the location of the unlock button, and showing off his home screen to her – a picture of him and Angus Scattergood. \"Nice! So uh- do you want my number or...?\" \"Oh, to be honest, Mia I'm not really too familiar with this thing yet-\" \"Well, I could just put mine in.\" \"Okay, here!\" He said, tail wagging. Darma soon approached the two. \"Hey Bodi ready to go?\" She asked. \"Sure thing! Hey Darma, meet my new friend Mia! She just gave me her number!\" Mia's cheeks turned a rose red hearing the loud announcement by Bodi. She immediately brushed the hair out of her face and began walking away. \"I'll call you later, Bodi,\" she said, handing him his phone. Bodi took the phone into his paws, looking at the new contact she had made for him - \"Mia\". Darma was confused more than anything else but felt a small sense of sadness and anger. \"What was all that?\" She asked. \"Could you believe it? I met my first fan in public today!\" \"Yeah, that's gonna start happening a lot, Bodi. I don't think you should just give away your number like that...\" \"But she seemed nice!\" \"Alright, if you say so. C'mon, we're gonna miss the bus.\" The two started their walk out of the mall. Bodi was once again walking with a joy in his step, looking around at all the scenery, but Darma found herself having a mental debate with her emotions. So Bodi just goes up and decides to start dating his fans? Woah! Who said anything about dating? Did you see the looks he gave her? And the looks she gave him! Not to mention she's like, the perfect package – anything a guy like Bodi would want. Curvy body, cute face, and she seemed super into him! Even if she did, what do you care? What do I care, he's my friend! You're just jealous. Jealous? Why would I be- Her thoughts her interrupted as she felt Bodi's paw in hers. Confused, she looked up at him, heart racing. \"Hey! Look over there, there's some sort of street race going on! \" Bodi said, pointing to a speeding vehicle and a cop car in pursuit. Darma would normally giggle and correct him, but she found herself having trouble forming words at the moment, as she couldn't stop thinking about how strong his grip was, and how his fur was coarse yet pleasant, and soothing. \"What the hell am I doing?!\" She mentally cursed herself. She pulled her paw from his grip and began the walk to the local bus stop. \"This way, Bodi\" she plainly said. Bodi followed nonetheless, but he noticed a change her mood once more. \"Did I say something wrong?\" Bodi thought, \"Maybe she didn't like that I held her hand. Maybe her hand hurts or something.\" Eventually the bus came, and eventually, the two made their way back to Germur's apartment. Throughout the whole voyage, Darma was silent, still having a mental argument over the logistics of being mad over having a friend speak to another girl. Bodi, however, was clueless to the fact and was trying to think of an explanation to her sudden emotional distance. It wasn't a long trip, but it was a long day, and Darma was tired. Once the two entered, the vixen made a beeline for her room. That was until she felt a tap on her shoulder. Turning, she saw Bodi, but with a new foreign expression on his face- one of sadness and guilt. \"Hey, Darma. Um, is something wrong?\" \"No Bodi, I'm...just tired.\" \"Oh, okay. Sorry, I thought you were mad or something.\" \"Nope. Tired,\" she faked a smile. \"Well anyway, thanks for everything today! You're such a great friend.\" Darma felt her heart melt at those words. \"It's really no-\" She couldn't finish, as Bodi had wrapped her up in a hug once more. This time, the hug was different. She felt it was...charged...somehow. She discarded the thought as she simply enjoyed the embrace, feeling his, the tight pressure of his masculine arms, and his citrus scent. Okay, I admit it. I was jealous. But I'm never gonna act like a jerk and make this loving dog ever worry about me again. Also, his arms are strong and he smells like oranges and I don't want this hug to end. Bodi pulled away, and again she saw something in his face – confusion, and fear. He quickly walked past her, bumping her shoulder, and proceed to walk into his room. \"Goodnight,\" he stated, before closing the door behind him. Bodi sat down on his mattress and tried his best to breathe slowly and return his heartbeat to a normal rate – as he had suddenly become extremely anxious. \"What's wrong with me? I feel weak and...warm. I just need rest, probably\" he thought to himself before sliding into bed and falling asleep. Darma, on the other hand, was initially confused by his antics. But her questions were answered when Bodi had turned to say goodnight before entering his room. He was blushing. For some reason, she found incredible enjoyment in the fact that Bodi had unexpectedly become heated as a result of their hug. Darma found her way to her own room, and slid into bed, a smile on her face. She found herself drifting off to sleep when her mind became active again. Bodi has a pretty strong grip. Ever wonder if he's incredibly ripped? Ever wonder what Bodi looks like shirtless?Ever wonder if his mouth tastes like oranges? Darma's eyes shot open, and a blush covered her face. She didn't get any sleep that night.[Chapter 3] Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Chapter Two – Coffee On the first night at the apartment, Bodi remained awake for several hours inspecting his new room. As soon as he had shut the door behind himself, the Tibetan found himself infatuated with the interior wallpaper. He'd quickly run up and brushed his paws over the striped blue and gray walls. \" Oh now this is just the smoothest wallpaper I've ever felt! There was nothing like this back on Snow Mountain! Ah, the wonders of city life!\" Bodi thought to himself. His smile grew wider. Bodi found the texture cool, soft, and new. New. Nearly everything around him was new. Bodi's gaze shifted from wall, to the ceiling, and towards the other end of the room. He spotted a weathered poster of Angus Scattergood, and a body mirror hanging haphazardly by a few nails. \" Wow! Now, that is an amazing poster! Saves me the trip to the store to buy an Angus Scattergood poster! This one is pretty neat!,\" He thought to himself, gently smiling. His eyes met his own as he stood in front of the body mirror. Before him stood an energetic, sweaty, rugged teenage Tibetan mastiff. His blue shirt was messy, his pants rugged, nearly all of his physical traits in conflict with his actual personality. He looked iconic, like a careless, uniquely-dressed rock star. On the inside, however, he had a pure heart. One full of all kinds of love. After analyzing himself, the mirror itself, the hardwood floor, the mattress, the pillow, and he'd started to admire the ceiling when he'd felt himself drift off to sleep. He fell asleep happy and careless the first night. The second night was not similar. After the second hug from Darma, Bodi felt something different. He'd had a strange intuition that he'd felt it before, but forgot about it. The dog had now felt it again, more intense. He softly closed the door behind him, Exhaling heavily in relief. \" I...I feel...weird...\" he thought. \" I feel good...\" Another voice spoke within his head. He went up to the mirror once more. \" Excited, scared, happy, nervous...what is this? This is definitely...new...\" Bodi pondered this new feeling for a bit, pacing around in circles, before eventually collapsing onto his bed. Thoughts poured into his brain, one after the other emerging from a deep, dark, primal part of his mind. When he'd closed his eyes to sleep, an image came into his mind – the source of all of this sudden confusion. Darma. Subconsciously, he must have taken a mental snapshot of her earlier – a moment which he'd only now begun to fully appreciate. She was in the elevator, staring at the numbers, as she liked to do. Bodi gazed at her eyes, those amber orbs glowing like a soft candle. On a whim, an uncontrollable impulse, an instinctual emotion, his eyes traveled down her body. He felt a new kind of love grow within him then. As Bodi lied in bed, another subconscious action occurred. Not an image, but a string of thoughts this time. Words. \" You should've kissed her,\" the thought appeared. Blood rushed to his cheeks. He brushed the thought aside and fell asleep conflicted that night. Darma went through her morning routine with an intense mental debate. \" Bodi is a friend. Obviously. He doesn't seem...interested at all, in like, a romantic way. I don't even think he knows what romance is.\" She adjusted her skirt and zipped up her hoodie. She then walked over to her mirror and begun to apply her eye makeup. \" I don't think I've ever considered getting back into a relationship merely a week after ending one...\" Darma did one last checkup in front of her mirror before leaving her room. \" This should seem pretty familiar to me...but Bodi is like, special.\" She opened the door and walked into the living room to see Bodi staring out the window, tail slightly wagging. \" He is special.\" He turned to her. Bodi was wearing a tight green v-neck that accentuated his lean figure, tight jeans that hugged his muscular legs, and sporting his signature loving smile. \" He's also hot.\" Darma's heart dropped when Bodi began to approach her. \"Good Morning, Darma!\" he said joyously and genuinely. \"H-hey, Bodi! How long have you been up?\" She asked, avoiding eye contact. \"Oh, a few hours! Didn't get a whole lot of sleep...\" He trailed off. \"How come?\" Bodi dodged the question. \"No reason! U-uh, could we go out?\" Darma blushed. \"W-what?\" She stuttered. \"Like, out to get breakfast? Or coh-fee?\" Darma exhaled sharply. \"Ohh...oh okay, yeah! Let's go!\" The sky was gray and a hazy fog rested over the city. It was definitely cold, but Bodi was acclimated for the weather. He received several confused and bewildered looks from bystanders for wearing a thin shirt in fifty degree weather. Being accustomed to Snow Mountain, the cold never bothered the Tibetan dog. He held the warm cup of coffee in his paws, finding the smooth, dark taste exquisite. After a few minutes of them both quietly sipping their respective drinks, Bodi spoke up and broke the silence. \"How is your coffee, Darma?\" \"It's pretty good.\" \"So how long have you lived here?\" \"You mean the City? Uh, all my life really! Moved out from my parents house after I met Germur and Trey, moved in with them, and uh.. \" \"Oh, what happened with Trey?\" Bodi innocently inquired, coffee cream staining his upper lip. \"Well uh, we kinda broke up, and-\" \"Woah, wait! You two...dated?\" Bodi felt an unexpected spark of anger bubble within and wither away in seconds. \"It was only for a few months...worst boyfriend I've ever had, honestly,\" Darma informed, her voice gradually lowering in pitch. \"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, Darma. We don't have to talk about that, if you don't want to-\" \"No, no, It's completely fine! I mean, we gotta talk about this anyway, if we're gonna be...like...roommates or somethin'. Gotta let it all out, heh.\" \"I mean, I've never even had a boyfriend. Oh-I mean, girlfriend! Ha ha ha!\" \"Heh...Really? Never?,\" Darma asked, finding his admission genuinely surprising. \"Nope. Snow Mountain is a town full of sheep, and me and my dad were the only dogs, so...\" \"Oh. So you're interested in other dogs exclusively?\" \"NO!\" Bodi blurted out. \"T-that's not what I meant.\" The air around them became awkward. Darma was surprised at Bodi's sudden outburst and flustered expression, but some small part of her, deep down, was able to figure out why. She decided to take a chance and just go for it - to find out what he felt towards her. \"Bodi, do-\" \"Oh! Can we take the subway!\"' Bodi interrupted, excitedly pointing at the entrance to the city's subway system. Darma internally sighed, but felt a small sense of relief knowing she didn't have to ask that risky question. She saw Bodi's innocent interruption as an opportunity to approach the subject matter at a later date. So the two took the subway to the east side of the city, and spent the entire day walking back to their home, stopping at stores and restaurants, meeting fans and taking in the sights and sounds of the downtown scenery. By the time they had reached their shared apartment, the two were exhausted and joyfully tired after a long day of exploring the town. Before retreating to their separate rooms, Bodi once more embraced Darma in a hug. The same emotions rushed through Darma's mind again, but she found solace in the fact that there was a possibility Bodi might have romantic feelings towards her as well. She fell asleep hopeful that night.[Chapter 4] Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Chapter Three – Morning Texts Several days had passed since Bodi had first moved in with Darma. As time went on, the dog had become more and more acquainted with the customs of city life. He'd learned to take the subway on his own, walk to Angus's house on his own, and was fairly knowledgeable on the workings of his PawPhone 7. These new components of his life had begun to take effect on Bodi's daily routine and habits. For instance, the teenage dog now spends nearly all of his morning texting his friends, before even getting out of bed. PawPhone7 - Angus - [7:32] Bodi: Morning, Angus! How's it goin? His tail wagged excitedly as he awaited a response. As per usual, the rock cat didn't reply right away – he was usually busy with something important. PawPhone7 - Germur – [7:45] Bodi: Hey Germ! Good Morning! :-) … Germ: o hey bode! good mornin 2 u too! Bodi: Thanks! How's it goin? … Germ: doin' gr8. brb. Bodi had learned early on that 'brb' had meant \"be right back\", but whenever Germur had sent that to him, he'd usually not reply for several minutes to a few hours. Just then, the sudden vibration of a new text had surprised Bodi. PawPhone7 - Mia – [7:53] Mia: Bodi! ;3 Whatcha doin? It was Mia once again. Ever since Bodi had given her his cellphone number, she had been bombarding him with a nonstop stream of texts. For any other person, they would have seen it as annoying, or obsessive even – But not Bodi. Every time his pocket vibrated and the screen lit up, he could guess in an instant that it was Mia, texting him some funny image, funny story, or another shower of odd compliments. The new rain of attention Bodi got was not unwelcome, albeit a little foreign. He welcomed it. Bodi: Good Morning, Mia! I'm just layin' in bed right now. How about you? :-) Mia: Same lol. Bodi: Oh cool! Mia: Omg so much happened today! I gotta tell you all this! Bodi's tail began to wag as he awaited the supposedly interesting text from Mia. The three bouncing dots signaling Mia was in the middle of typing a message. After two minutes had passed, Bodi surmised that the message was long in nature. Soon thereafter, He'd grown a bit impatient, and a certain other female crossed his mind. Darma. \" Oh, I've forgotten to text her good morning!\" Bodi realized, scrambling to find his orange-furred friend in his contact list and send her his regards. PawPhone7 - Darma – [8:03] Bodi: Morning, Darma! A few seconds passed before Darma responded. Darma: Hey, Bode. How are you doin'? Bodi: I'm doing great, thanks for askin! How about you, how are you doing? Darma: Uh...I'm doing okay... Bodi: Oh? J-just okay? What's wrong? Darma was definitely not going to tell Bodi that she'd spent the majority of last night tossing and turning, thinking and fantasizing about the very dog she was texting. So she just went with her usual cop out. Darma: Feeling a bit under the weather. Bodi laughed to himself. Bodi: Haha...Aren't we all under the weather when you think about it? Darma: OMG STOP Bodi: Oh...okay... Darma: No, no, that was like a figure of speech. That really made me laugh, Bodi. Bodi: Well I really like making you laugh. Darma felt her heart flutter, and a smile grace her cheeks. Bodi felt a very warm feeling glide over him upon revealing that bit of information to her. It felt right. Darma: Well I like laughing, heh. Bodi thought long and hard about what to say next. After being at a slight loss for words, he browsed his photo library on his phone for something to send to her instead. A picture says a thousand words, after all. He soon came across a picture he had taken with her a few days ago, at the movies. It was a selfie featuring the both of them, Bodi appearing somewhat confused about where to look, and Darma smirking playfully into the camera. Bodi thought it was a very nice picture, and that she might like to see it again. So he sent it to her. Darma: Omg I look so dumb in that pic lol. Bodi: What? Not that all! You look just as pretty as always. A large chunk of time went by where none of them began typing anything to each other. He knew for sure that he wasn't one hundred percent up-to-par when it came to understanding social abnormalities, but he didn't see anything inherently wrong with what he said. Soon her reply came. Darma: Thanks Bodi. Lol, you look just as adorkable as ever in this pic! Bodi: Adorkable? What? Darma: Adorable + Dorky = A-dork-able. That's you, lol. Not in a mean way! Bodi: Hahaha. So can I call you A-pretty-able? Adorable and pretty? Darma: LOL Darma's heart was no longer fluttering, but flying at this point. She'd never smiled so brightly at her phone in her life. Sure the compliments were cheesy, and it was nothing more than a mere semi-flirtatious interaction between two friends, but her heart thumped at an extremely rapid rate. Darma: You can if you want, Bodes. ;) \" Oh crap, was that too forward?\" Darma wondered to herself, panicking. Then several seconds passed, which slowly transitioned into several minutes in which Bodi did not send a reply. Darma considered she might of scared him off – but in actuality, Bodi had begun texting Mia once more. That message that Mia had been typing for the past few minute had finally been sent. PawPhone7 – Mia – [8:14] Mia – So remember how you were saying you wanted to meet with some of the friends I was talking about? Well I kind of came up with the idea of maybe having like, a small party so we can hang out and stuff? AT ur place? Maybe, tonight at like 6pm? Like, you totally don't need to perform or play any songs or anything! I don't want to be like, totally annoying! I just want to see you again! It's been so long, I miss you Bodi! Bodi's tail began to wag, thinking about the premise of a party. He was actually excited for this – not at all taking into account the fact that Mia had made plans for a party at his dwelling with her permission. Bodi – Sounds awesome! I'll see ya tonight! Mia – Lookin' forward to seeing you, hottie... Bodi's face flushed and his grin faltered, as he nervously gulped. It wasn't the first time that Mia was overly flirtatious to him, but the realization that she would, in fact, be meeting him in person for the first time in a while made the Bodi incredibly nervous. \" Would she try anything?\" Bodi wondered, beads of sweat running down the side of his temples, \"W-what if she wants to kiss? Like, on my mouth? With her mouth?\" The teenage dog immediately sat up from his bed, knocking his pillow aside and his sheets to the floor. He stood up onto his feet and took a few seconds to catch his breath. His gaze shifted to a mirror hanging haphazardly on the wall of his room. The reflection illustrated a frazzled, sweaty and distraught teenage Tibetan dog. Bodi began to reflect on his experiences with romance. He recalled several moments wherein, during his shows and performances, female attendees of the concert would become incredibly rowdy and crowd the stage. A few weeks ago, he recalled a group of ecstatic female fans chanting for Bodi to remove his shirt. Confused, he continued strumming his guitar to the rhythm of the song, only to look back to see that the group of girls had exposed themselves instead. His cheeks burning a deep red, Bodi quickly looked away and to his left. There, he saw Darma looking at him, heartily laughing. His nervousness quickly faded, as he found a sense of happiness in seeing her happy. Ever since then, the indicent had become sort of an inside joke between Darma and Bodi – the fox always finding amusement in seeing him blush up whenever the phrase was uttered. Other inside jokes between the two floated into Bodi's mind, along with several other thoughts about her, before Bodi realized he was literally standing in the middle of the room daydreaming about his best friend. Then it clicked. \" Do I like... like D arma?\" Bodi mused. A knock on the door startled Bodi, disturbing his train of thought. He immediately approached the door, swinging it open. There Darma stood. Even with her rugged, messy fur, and her tattered, wrinkled pajamas, Bodi thought that she was beautiful. \"G-good morning,\" she said. \"Morning, Darma. You look nice.\" Darma seemed to be taken aback by this, and for a moment Bodi was afraid he might've crossed some social line. But within a few seconds, the vixen chuckled. \"Thanks, Bode.\" \"So, uh, w-what's up?\" \"Oh, I just wanted to say good morning!\" Darma lied. Of course she wasn't going to come outright and say that she wanted to find out why Bodi hasn't responded to her recent texts. \"Thanks!\" Bodi cheered, smiling. An awkward silence enveloped the two, as each of them stood a meter away from each other, both fidgeting with their paws and thinking of the next act in their conversation. Slowly and hesitantly, Bodi spoke up. \"B-breakfast?\" He suggested. Darma smiled. The rest of the day's events played out pretty quickly. After a brief, amicable breakfast between the two friends, they soon met up with Germur. It was then when Bodi brought up Mia's party, to which Germur seemed a bit surprised and skeptical at first, but soon became very excited at the premise of a party. Within a few hours, the three of them had cleaned and prepared the apartment. Now, it was only a matter of time before the guests arrived, and Bodi was incredibly nervous. Fidgeting with his newly-purchased V-neck, he waited impatiently by the door. An excited, rapid knock was heard. Bodi attempted to shrug off his fear and reached over to open the door. \" Here goes nothing...\"[Chapter 5] Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Chapter Four – The Party Mia was the first one through the door. Just as Bodi pulled it open, the curvy shiba nearly leaped into his arms, leaning into an intense hug and burying her face in his neck. He was taken aback by this but eventually brought his hands to her back, to return her hug. After ten long seconds, Mia broke the hug and turned to her friends. \"C'mon in, guys!\" She cheered in a sing-song voice. Bodi watched as more and more people walked through the door, each one high-fiving and greeting the dog as they entered the living room. \"Heya, Bro-di!\" Boomed one overly-enthusiastic muscled wolf, bearing a snap-back hat and a tank top. \"Sup, lil' man.\" Said another rugged, tall crocodile, sporting a white polo. \"OMG, Hiii!\" beamed a loud, excited pink cat, wearing a black leather vest and an Angus Scattergood concert T-Shirt. More and more people poured in, hugging and greeting Bodi one by one as they entered. Just as Bodi greeted the last guest, a very enthusiastic lemur, he turned to see that the living room was completely filled with people. He couldn't even spot Darma or Germur in the crowd. Soon enough, loud dance music had begun to play with the living room's stereo set. Things were moving incredibly fast for Bodi, and before he knew it people were already dancing, drinking and laughing. Suddenly he felt a paw on his own, tightly gripping it and pulling him behind the direction he'd been facing. He whipped around to see Mia, giggling and bringing him over to the living room couch. Apparently, one party attendee thought it'd be a good idea to dim the lights, as the room had suddenly become much darker. A general \"oooh\" from the collective guests was heard over the beat of the music. Bodi was seated on the edge of large, loose left couch cushion – soon thereafter joined by Mia. The teenage Tibetan dog's weight caused Mia to slide into his side, much to her enjoyment and his discomfort. He turned to face her. She gazed up at him, a playful smile forming on her lips. Mia ran her hand around his neck and nuzzled her face on his shoulder. \"H-hey, Mia.\" Bodi stuttered out. \"Hey, you.\" She replied, dragging a finger across his cheek. The party had started not ten minutes ago, and already the moment Bodi was dreading had come. Sweat had begun to run down the side of his face. His eyes darted away from hers, onto the other guests, the floor, the ceiling, just about anything else. Mia noticed his anxiousness and gripped his chin to make him face her. \"You okay?\" Mia asked, her voice a pitch higher than usual. Bodi didn't understand subtlety, and he didn't utilize it. \"Are-are you going to kiss me?\" He blurted out. Mia chuckled. \"Is that what you're so nervous about?\" \"I've never done it before. I don't-\" \"You don't like me, Bodi?\" \"No, I do! I do like you, Mia.\" She sat up and wrapped her other arm around his neck, leaning closer to him. \"Well then, what are you afraid of now?\" Mia teased in a sultry tone. Bodi began to hear his own heartbeat ring in his ears. \"I don't know...\" He uttered. She giggled. Then she leaned in and kissed him. The dog didn't dare open his mouth when he felt his lips on hers. It didn't feel nice. It was cold, foreign, and Bodi began to panic as thoughts raced through his mind. \" What? Why? I don't- I don't like this. I don't like her! This isn't right! This...this feels wrong!\" Bodi pushed her off him and stood up from the couch. \"I'm very very sorry. You're very nice but that was horrible.\" Bodi quickly said, backing away. As he turned to make his way to his room, he caught Darma staring at him. She had an expression on her face he'd never seen before. Their eyes locked for a second, only for her to quickly dart away into the crowd of people. Confused, Bodi figured it was nothing, and proceeded to his room door. Closing the door. Locking it. He collapsed on the wall closest to him. The lights were off, and he couldn't see anything. Not that it mattered, he'd forced his eyes shut just as a few tears had seeped through. He felt horrible, and he didn't know why. He was confused and afraid and felt a large amount of guilt – as if he'd just done something morally wrong. He couldn't wrap his head around it, no matter how hard he tried. So he stopped trying. He stood up and made his way over to his acoustic guitar, tossing the strap over his head and letting it rest on his shoulder. Bodi simply stood there, in the darkness, with his guitar, trying to think of something, anything, to counteract his horrible emotions. His paws lightly grazed the strings. \" Darma,\" he realized. And then he began. Earlier, at the start of the party, Darma stood back and watched as countless strangers entered the apartment and greeted Bodi. Surprised, she thought, \"Woah, didn't realize Bodi had so many goddamn friends, jeez...\" A sense of loneliness and rejection washed over her as she witnessed her best friend become surrounded by strangers she'd never seen. Feeling isolated, she backed away from the ever-growing crowd of partygoers and into the kitchen. There, she mindlessly fiddled with the countertop appliances, simply killing time until she could spend time with her friend, alone. \"That's a pretty selfish thing to think, isn't it?\" Darma wondered. A few minutes passed as Darma vacantly sat around during the party, having short, brief, awkward with random guests throughout the night. Eventually, a time came where a cold feeling crossed her heart, as she continued to passively search for Bodi – when she realized he wasn't looking for her. From there, her emotions spiraled downwards into a depressive state. Then she saw him. And her fears were confirmed. Darma witnessed Bodi passionately kissing that dog from the mall. It was then that Darma ran into her room, tears beginning to form in her eyes and trickle down her cheeks. Anger, jealousy, heartbreak, and melancholy filled her heart as she approached her room. The chatter and cheering of the crowd and the music drowned out as she felt her heartbeat's volume increased to a deafening level. With the door slammed shut and the lights off, she dove into her bed, wrapping herself in sheets and sobbing. \" I thought...\" \" I should've known...\"[Chapter 6] Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Chapter Five – The Song Bodi awoke with an intense pain in his neck. His eyes slowly opened and his groggy, blurred vision of the world came into focus. He felt the cold hardwood floor on the side of his face, then sat up and slowly looked around. All across the room were pieces of notebook paper - crumpled up, in stacks, and stuck to his legs by the sweat of his fur. Smiling, he now realized what they were for. The flustered teenage dog shot up to his feet and quickly began scrambling to pick up all the necessary papers, then fumbling to organize them in the correct order. Grabbing his phone, he shot out of his room's door. Running out of the apartment, down the stairs and onto the busy city street. The sun pierced his eyes, yet he paid no attention. His mind was elsewhere – a rare occurrence wherein Bodi was focused on a goal instead of simply going with the flow and taking in the world. The subway was crowded and slow, but soon after Bodi was nearly at his destination. As he jogged down the sidewalk, he caught sight of tall, white brick walls. Speeding up, he finally reached it – the large metal gate. Angus Scattergood's Mansion Gate. Bodi very cautiously located the keypad on the center, gently pressing the green bell button, notifying Angus that there is a visitor at the gate. The frustrated white cat looked down from the television to his phone, noting the doorbell notification. He quickly got up and sprinted to the door, nearly slipping on the polished wood floor. Once there, he slammed a large red button, which activated a mechanism that opened both the door, the gate, and parted his lawn's hedge maze. \"I swear I ordered that pizza AN HOUR AGO, YA BLOODY-...\" Angus shouted, before stopping and realizing that it was not a pizza delivery man, and in fact a flustered teenage dog approaching him. \"Oh...\" \"Angus! Good morning!\" Bodi gleefully greeted, \"Did-, Did you order a pizza for breakfast?\" \"Well,\" he said, checking his watch, \"It's three in the afternoon, mate. What brings you here? Ain't our jam session scheduled for Friday?\" \"Oh I'm sorry, I could come back at a later time-\" \"No no, you've gone through all the trouble, and it sure seems like you got something worth sharin' there...-\" the cat insisted, motioning to the stack of disarrayed notebook papers Bodi was carrying under his arm. \"Oh, yes! I've got to show you this!\" the dog excitedly shouted. Bodi ran up to an empty table and threw his papers onto it. Sitting down on his knees, he leaned up and arranged the lyrics into the correct order. Angus hesitantly took a seat next to him, chuckling at the sight before him. \"Now, now mate you've gone and done something brilliant, I could tell! Haha!\" Angus laughed. \"It's still pretty rough, I could use some help on like, the lyrics. But I think I want to keep this song simple and acoustic.\" \"Acoustic? Hah, we're a rock band, Bodi-\" \"Here, lemme just, uh, give you a sample-\" Bodi sat up and cleared his throat. \"I'll just...\" \"I'm listenin', go on, mate.\" Bodi looked to Angus, his papers, and to a nearby large window. Through it, he could see the city. A large flare of light cast a magical glow onto the rooftops and glass windows of skyscrapers, bringing an interesting and vibrant contrast to the surrounding nature. He could spot the apartment building that housed him and her. Darma. Then he began to sing. \" A new city. Strange sounds, people and I roamed. Cold gazes colder than the weather back at home. Then I saw you. And you smiled at me. I talked to you. You were so sweet. Days passed and our lives changed a ton. Lots of stuff happened and most of it was fun. But my time with you. Was the best part. My days with you. Warm up my heart. You're in my mind, you're on my head. You gave me a house, you gave me a bed. New feeling. Amazing feeling. Powerfully healing. Wonderfully pleasing.\" Bodi's gentle, smooth voice trailed out as he slowly opened his eyes to see a widely-grinning Angus. The rock cat then began to chuckle in a low, bassy rhythm. \"Now putting a love song into our debut album will be a pretty interesting move...\" He chuckled. \"Love song?\" Bodi questioned. Angus blinked. \"That song you wrote...That's a love song.\" \"Love...song? But...Darma's my best friend...\" An awkward silence washed over the both of them as Bodi's last words echoed throughout the cavernous rooms of Angus's Mansion. The cat burst into hysterical laughter, rolling onto his back and gripping his sides, legs kicking and tail flailing. \"Whats so funny?\" He continued laughing. Bodi was now very confused and somewhat frustrated. \"What makes you think that I wrote a love song?\" He aggressively questioned. \"You...Haha!...You're in love and you don't even know it, mate! Hahaha!\" Bodi's face flushed red. \"I...\" He began to grow extremely anxious, his heart beating rapidly, his mind racing, and the laughter of Angus even further disorientating him. Bodi looked at his feet. \"I need to go.\" He mumbled. He scrambled to his feet and ran out the door. Hours later... Bodi stood at Darma's door. After getting only a couple hours of sleep, staying up all night working on a song, running back and forth across the city, Bodi was tired, exhausted and extremely sweaty. \" Maybe I should come back another time...\" Bodi thought. But then Darma opened the door. There she stood, looking just as distraught as he did. Messy, matted fur. Droopy, heavily-lidded eyes. She wore a large, loose-fitting white shirt. Bodi noticed that her bra was pink. He sweated even more. \"Bodi. Good morning. What're you-...what've you been doing?\" She inquired, her voice raspy. The flustered teenage dog's heart raced. A simple action. Darma yawning and rubbing some sleep out of her eyes. Yet it was these short, few seconds that Bodi's suspicions were confirmed. He was in love with her. \" But does she feel the same?\" He thought. He then noticed it's been almost a full minute he hasn't said anything. He walked past her into the bedroom, gently brushing her shoulder and sitting down on her bed. \"Hey, c-could I talk to you about something, Darma?\" Bodi stammered. Darma was concerned – a little scared, even. Bodi being serious was very out of character for him. She slowly walked to him, tenderly taking a seat beside him. \"What is it?\" She asked. The two were sitting a fair distance apart. Bodi looked at Darma's piercing eyes, to her fidgeting paws, to an object in the corner of the room. Then an idea struck his mind. He quickly stood up and grabbed the object. \"What're you-\" She began to ask. Bodi held the acoustic guitar in his arms, tuning it and preparing to play. \"Just...tell me what this makes you feel.\" He said. \"I don't understand-\" \"Just...listen, okay?\" Darma nodded. Bodi began. \" A new city. Strange sounds, people and I roamed. Cold gazes colder than the weather back at home. Then I saw you. And you smiled at me. I talked to you. You were so sweet. Days passed and our lives changed a ton. Lots of stuff happened and some of it was fun. But my time with you. Was the best part. My days with you. Warm up my heart. You're in my mind, you're on my head. You gave me a house, you gave me a bed. New feeling. Amazing feeling. Powerfully healing. Wonderfully pleasing.\" There was an awkward silence as Bodi set down the guitar. He was already very close to her. Bodi stood in front of her as she sat on the bed. \"Darma...Angus said t-that was a love song.\" He began. She looked at him. \"That I love you...\" He continued. Bodi cleared his throat. \"And...I think he's right.\" He finished. A look of realization stuck Bodi's face. He backed up and looked around, avoiding her line of sight. \"I'm sorry, Darma. I-\" \"I love you too.\" Darma walked up to him and grabbed him by the shirt. She hesitated, remembering last night, and that kiss he had. The two were mere inches away from each other. They felt each other's breath. \"Last night...that kiss with Mia. I, uh...was that-\" She began to ask. \"That was a mistake!\" He quickly answered, \"I didn't like her, like, that way. I mean she was nice, but-\" \"It...meant nothing?\" \"Yeah. Nothing. And it was bad.\" Darma giggled. \"Bad?\" \"It...it was my first kiss. It wasn't good. She...she was cold and pushy-\" Darma giggled again. \"And...how would you do it?\" \"Um...\" Darma wickedly smiled at him. \"C-could I t-try? On you?\" There was an awkward silence between the two. Just as Bodi was about to apologize, Darma spoke up. \"Yes, please,\" She whispered. Bodi slowly leaned in. He didn't close his eyes, he kept them open- he never wanted to stop looking at her. Bodi gently tilted his head, getting his muzzle into a fitting angle to lock with hers. Their lips tenderly met, both warm and coated with sweat and saliva. Seconds felt like hours as Bodi pushed deeper into her muzzle, their world crumbling away and everything else ceasing to exist, save for their intimate sensations. Darma was enthralled. This was easily the best kiss she'd ever had. He pushed into her slowly yet passionately, strongly yet gently. \" His taste...\" Her eyes shot open and she pulled out of the kiss. \"Oranges!\" She shouted, \"You-you taste like oranges...\" \"You...,\" Bodi began, taking deep breaths after every word, \"...taste...like...cherries...and...love.\" They warmly and lovingly smiled at each other. He then wrapped her arms around her, gripping her tightly and burying her face into hers – crashing their lips together. Darma blushed as she felt his tough, strong arms around her, gripping her and squeezing her tightly. She threw her arms around his neck. As seconds passed, their passion increased. Darma fell backwards onto the bed, her face blushing as Bodi loomed over her. After a few frantic breaths, an idea came into her mind. \"B-Bodi?\" She exhaled, gently running a paw down this side of the panting dog's face. \"Yes-yeah, Darma?\" He croaked out nervously. \"Could, could you...lie back?\" Bodi's face turned a beet-red, and his heart rate tripled once more. After nervously nodding, he carefully rolled off of her and leaned back onto Darma's pillow. The two shifted into more comfortable positions, the vixen placing her paws on Bodi's strong chest. The dog was in total and complete bliss. Every second, new feelings and thoughts flooded his mind and scrambled his brain. The sensation was unlike anything he'd ever felt. Darma looked up slowly at him, batting her vibrant eyelashes and lovingly smiling. Bodi felt his heart stop once again. She reached her paw forward and gripped the side of his bright green beanie. Bodi appeared nervous. \"C-Could I?\" She mumbled. The dog nodded. With that, she slowly pulled the knit hat off of Bodi's head. As she did so, more and more of the dog's hair was revealed. Darma was surprised to see that the Mastiff actually had a full, long, head of hair. As she fully removed the beanie, she was met with the sight of a very rugged and different looking Bodi. Bangs of hair covered his left eye, and luscious locks rolled down the sides of his head and stopped just a bit after his neck. Darma spoke without thinking. \"You look so frickin' hot right now.\" \"Heh, I-uh, thanks, Darma.\" The vixen noticed his hesitation and nervousness. \"Are-are you okay, with this...?\" \"I-Yeah...Are you?\" \"Very.\" Bodi kissed her once more, running his arms down and lightly gripping her lower back. He exhaled softly onto her muzzle, the warm air sending shivers down Darma's spine, enticing a small moan from her muffled mouth. Darma reached her arms down and gently took hold of Bodi's red v-neck shirt. Slowly and sensually she lifted the cloth from his sweat-matted fur. She leaned back onto her haunches to get a better view of the spectacle. Halfway through, Bodi realized what she was trying to do, and made an effort to help her. Arching his back, he pulled his the rest of his shirt over his neck and head. After doing so, he noticed Darma go completely silent, and her face display an unreadable look. Bodi was concerned. \"Darma, is there something wrong-\" \"You're...jacked...\" She exhaled. \"I'm what?\" He asked, displaying an innocent look of confusion. Darma was in total and utter awe at the sight before her. Images of that carefree and simple-minded rock dog with his traditional garments and knit hat were now a distant memory – what she saw before her was a rugged, long-haired, incredibly muscled and beefy Bodi. Besides his stunning six pack and amazingly well-defined and sizable pectoral muscles, (both of which Darma heavily enjoyed), Bodi's light brown eyes anxiously peered into hers. Those hazel orbs told a story of their own – one of a simple Mastiff being happily overwhelmed by the power of true love. As Darma tender trailed her paws over Bodi's muscular physique, she noticed him looking around frantically and breathing even more heavily. She placed a hand on his cheek, bringing his eyes to her own. \"Calm down, Bodi...Babe.\" \"I'm fine, I just..I...\" \"We're just gonna make out tonight, okay, Bodi?\" A look of relief washed over his face. Then one of guilt and sadness. \"We could do more...if you want to-\" \"No, Bodi, it's fine. Sorry, I probably pushed you a bit too far with the making out and stuff-\" \"Darma, Don't apologize. I, uh, I wanted this too. It's just-\" \"We're gonna take this slow, okay?\" Bodi smiled. \"Okay.\" The two embraced each other with an intense passion, locking muzzles and continuing their tongue-wrestling. As time went on, Bodi grew more eager to taste more of Darma's mouth, his tongue exploring each inch of her and awkwardly sucking and slurping up her saliva. The vixen giggled, and went along with his odd method, but enjoyed it nonetheless. As hours went by, the two grew more and more tired. Finally, Darma rolled off of Bodi's chest and snuggled up by his side. The two embraced and began spooning, just as Bodi whispered into her ear as the two fell asleep. \"I love you...so much, Darma.\" The vixen turned her head to meet his eyes. \"I love you too, Bodi.\" She leaned in, softly and passionately pressing her lips to his. And the two slowly and gradually fell asleep. Both eager to wake up and begin their new lives together. The End Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] ","Summary":" Love Song [A Rock Dog FanFiction] Foreword things to note: -takes place after the Rock Dog movie. -"},{"Movie":"Rock Dog","Title":"American dream","Author":"My unused crossovers","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13032692","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I though, it's gonna be okay. Okay in the country who everyone calls free country. After I realized that my native country Tibet was in 1950 conquered by China and it's now part of communism shit, I though it will be better if me and my band began making music in land without censorship. I didn't know what will soon happen. I will explain everything from the beginning. Just be what you want. Just be what you want.[Chapter 2] \"The last tour was amazing!\" Angus said with excitement \"Our band is waiting for the first tour in the USA!\" he explained this to Bodi, Darma and Germur during tests of the new album. Everyone stopped playing in his recording room. \"USA? Where it is?\" Bodi asked \"It's country in the North America.\" Angus added \"Anyway there is a better life than here. There is communism shit so our band can't make songs about freedom. Because of communism.\" Germur said and he put down his wands on the drum which he played. \"When I came to this city, I though it's amazing here, mainly music park.\" Bodi said \"I'm british but I live here in Tibet because of beauty of local monuments. Sadly, Tibet was in 50s of 20 century conquered by China. They are saying that this land belongs to the China but isn't. Tibet has a different culture and Hymalayas. And to make it more worse they has communism. That's why I'm making contracts with American and European record companies.\" \"This doesn't sound like too freely.\" Bodi said \"And it is.\" Darma said \"When I was 12 and I find my passion in music I wanted to travel the whole world but my parents they did not allow me from some reason. I was a child so I didn't understood why they do it.\" Bodi lookef at his girlfriend and then he get idea. Maybe a great idea because he let go his guitar fell on the floor. \"Maybe- what if we moved to the America and began making music about freedom here. Maybe they have a democracy.\" \"I could try it. It's called a American dream Bodi.\" Angus explained and he yelled on Ozzy; \"Ozzy! Prepare suitcases and then let go on my private jet! Now it's not my jet but jet of band!\" Ozzy nodded and robot began with the preparation. \"And where the jet will fly Angus?\" Darma asked \"To the New York. I have a mansion in the Manhattan and there is also a lot of musicants. Next tour will began there. I will show you also Washington DC, Phoenix, Detroit or San Francisco.\" \"It sounds good.\" Bodi nodded \"And it is!\" Angus said They all all slapped on the sign of friendship. Journey is waiting. Bodi felt his father will kill him if he will tell him thar he is with his band moving to the America.[Chapter 3] Journey to the America will be not easy at all. Bodi will with his friends become a legal immigrant with immunity of guitarists from the known band. Angus told him also that the federalists would want to click through him due to the criminal record. If he has clean criminal record it's okay, but if he has some crimes it's bad. Americans are hazy on the immigrants since the 11th of September 2001 when when the fall of the terrorist attack occured The world trade center in New York. And he will have to do everything to hide his abilities. Otherwise, the CIA will be added and it will be in the grove. I should tell my dad Bodi said to himself, he was a young adult Tibetian mastiff but he though it will be better if he told him before his father overcome with worry. He almost went out (with his guitar in the right paw), before his girlfriend Darma stopped him with a guestion. \"Where you go?\" she asked \"I want to tell dad about New York.\" \"It will not go well.\" Germur added and he tapped on his shoulder. \"Why?\" Bodi asked Angus put in. \"Bodi do you remember how did you explain where you came from? You told that your father wanted you to be a guard dog not a musicant. He apparently noted something that he never told you. I grew up in London as an orphan so I don't know, what is it when your parents don't want you dream to became true. Honestly Khampa is more Tibetian Monk than man of 21st century.\" \"Angus you now talk as a psychologist.\" Darma said and she looked on Angus with a sharp view. \"I will try it.\" Bodi said then he kissed Darma on her face before he went out. \"I have allowed you a lot of things but forget about New York.\" Bodi heard when he told his father about New York in the Snowy Mountain. Now was afternoon. Khampa was still working as a guard dog and that news from his son ruined this day for him. \"Why!? I'm a young adult, I have a right to travel where I want.\" Bodi said and he followed his angry father to the green hill. \"But to immigrate there! You don't know what I heard about America plus when I let you go to the Lhasa I did not say something about immigration! You have to keep part of what you promises me. One day you have to guard over here!\" \"And what you heard about America!? Darma, Germur and Angus are going with me.\" \"It does not matter that your friends are going with you! Local musiciants are spending money on drugs (they are illegal) and sex and they are ending as a criminals. They all have legal weapons here, so they can shoot someone in your band. Calmly your girlfriend!\" \"Do not talk about Darma like this!\" Khampa stopped walking and he looked at his son. Bodi was now angry. \"Bodi, try to understand what are you actually doing. I was like you when I met your mother. But I was so submerged in my dreams when I could not protect her. It was worst mystake of my life and I do not want you to end up like me.\" Khampa said and he sighed \"But you are right. You are grown up, you have the right to do what you want.\" Khampa said and he with a bad mood he walked back to the village.[Chapter 4] The first to the trip to the America started as the start of the tour. Bodi with Darma was prepared to be Tibetian-Americans and Germur also. It was took a long time to become American citizens. Everything went smoothly and it was time to travel to the New York City. They flew with a jet to the New York. Bodi looked out of the window to the city. It was a majesty itself. There was a Statue of Liberty, Empire State building, Central Park. \"Ozzy, let go of music.\" Angus asked his servant. Robot went to the radio and from the CD he let go New York by Alicia Keys. He sat in the seat and drinking a wine. Ozzy maybe let go the right music, because it make a good atmosphere with a view of New York from the window. Darma pressed against Bodi in the seat and Germur satisfactly listened with headphones to the songs by the greatest legends of Rock'n'roll as Led Zeppelin , The Rolling Stones or Black Sabbath . \"I'll introduce you to some other rockers.\" Angus said \"Pilot with a jet will land in a while. Don't forget to speak English in the airport.\" He looked at Bodi and Darma. Since they two began walking together, they could not be one without the other. Angus looked at the Ozzy then said; \"It does not seem to you that they're fools to each other?\" Robot did not said nothing. \"Why I'm talking with a can.\" Angus sighed 10 minutes after plane landed. \"It's time to get estate!\" Angus said and everyone looked at them. Germur took off his headphones and took his drums. \"Darma fell asleep.\" Bodi whispered and he decided to wake her up. \"Darma, Darma wake up. We are in New York.\" \"Bodi?\" she whispered with tire in her voice and she stood up. She wanted to took her guitar but her boyfriend offered. \"I'll took your guitar.\" Bodi said and he took both guitars and he went out of the jet. \"Is not a party here?\" Germur looked at the Darma and pointed out of the window. There was heard music. There was heard a rhytm; \"Baby baby baby! I think you're dynamite! Yea yea yea! I think you're dynamite! And that's alright. Check her repeated story. Oh, when she's shaking like this. Ziggy ziggy zap zap. And then she do a twist. Little to the left. Back to the right! Baby baby baby! I think you're dynamite! Yea yea yea! I think you're dynamite! And that's alright! Yea, that's alright! Oh, Mr Hart please let in the wild!\" Darma with Germur went out and they realised Angus's friends other rockers make them a small party to welcome. One of them was a young bunny and he shouted; \"This was Nicky Blitz and his Dynamite in ViceDJ Remix!\" Is this an airport? She said to herself. \"Here is perhaps a heavy metal too.\" Bodi was astonished how many musiciants came here. One elderly guitarist came to Bodi and he tapped on his shoulder; \"One with the strongest passion. I heard about you. I'm Jim Goch and I'm guitarist from the small New York band called The Hearts .\" He introduced and Bodi looked at him. He was elder Grizzly bear clothed as if he was in the America country. Bodi went to Darma when he saw a few American wolves talking to her. They had brown and white fur and they were clothed in black clothes. He put his guitar and Darma's guitar to speakers and he went to her. \"You don't want grass? It's one of the best things here.\" the oldest young wolf said and he held a ciggarete in his left paw. \"Leave her alone.\" Bodi said and he looked at them. \"Here's her boyfriend.\" one of the wolvest said and they began gigling of the imagination if Tibetian mastiff and fox had kids. \"Man, I'm leaving.\" Their singer said and with his band, he went out. Darma and Bodi looked at the Angus and they asked; \"Who are these wolves?\" \"They are making heavy metal with deeper meaning. Like where the world is heading. His singer's name is Logan Jackson and he call himself as a mage.\" Angus explained \"It will take a long time before we fit in.\" Darma added and with Bodi they hold their paws. Airport check-up was good, the party after moved to Angus's mansion on the Manhattan. At the first glance, it looked incounspiciously (an eldery building from the 20. years of the 20th century) but inside everything was modern. Bodi as a fresh citizen of the United States of America, waited one of the wildest party in his career. One young deer came with an idea about race in drinking alcohol. And he was invited. There were playing Paper planes by M.I.A and other musiciants cheered. Bodi perhaps first experienced what a hangover is. After there was a challange with singing famous songs. Logan singed Hard Rock Hallejuah by Lordi before Bodi and Darma singer together Wake me up by Evanescence. One calm weasel during this randul at peace, wrote lyrics to his new song that he insisted that his band will gets to the top. After with their musicants they made fun of videogame, where was playing music and task was to stick the console to the rhytm showed on the TV screen. When one raper brought drugs to the party someone let go The next episode by Snoop Dog, Dr. Dre and Kurupt Nate Dog. Bodi and his band refused (because drugs are illegal in USA harmful to health). After party's end he had still to clean up the mess. Angus was the only one who still okay and he had to tear himself Bodi and Darma because it looked like after that all alcohol they want to make love. Angus did not need to see it, for him it was okay when this lovebirds loved in private. All members of the band fell asleep on the couch but Angus was the only one who was still up. He wrote plans for this week. After this wild party about to welcome in New York City he decided it's time to introduce his band to the *great beasts. 1. Estabilish contract to the new album with Universal records 2. Show Bodi, Darma and Germur New York and teach them how to live them as fresh American citizens 3. Nope FBI 4. Travel to to US Virgin Islands for the Vacation Great beasts= men from the record companies[Chapter 5] Bodi woked up on the white couch. His head swelled. Darma lay on the other side of the couch and she tilted to him. \"What the hell?\" he whispered and he touched with his left paw on his forehead. He looked around the living room. From the windows shone Sun. If Americans do a such hard party like this, it's crazy. Angus was awake and he walked across the floor from the polished wooden planks and he phoned. He was classical clothed in black and he wore black sunglasses which covered his eyes. \"I promise my band will come to the recording. They are already American citizens, yes, yes. They are legal immigrants from Tibet but it does not matter. They are artists, not that weird chinese musiciants as you see on YouTube. Deal? First, I will show them New York and they new homes then I go with them to the Universal records. They gotta get to use to it. Their furst night here was thrilling and they must recover. Arranged? Thanks, they are such great talents and the West must know them well.\" he said and he postponed his phone. Ozzy was preparing a breakfast and Germur trained on his drums which made the noise even stronger. Bodi definitely woked up and his girlfriend too. They both sat on the couch and they were scrutinizing. Darma was still covered in a blanket and she wanted to change her clothes. \"Good morning Bodi.\" she said to her boyfriend and she kissed him on the face. \"Thank you Darma. Do you have a think about yesterday?\" Bodi asked her, he was still confused \"I only remember how jet landed and how police checked our things and documents at the airport.\" she replied. \"You should have seen yesterday.\" Germur added and he ended playing on drums \"After that alcohol you were both horny and you wanted to make love. Angus had to tear you apart and you Bodi during that singed Kiss from a Rose .\" he said and he went to the desk for the food. \"Forget about it.\" Bodi nodded Darma went to change her clothes and Bodi went to the table to drink coffee. Angus sat down on a futuristic white chair, he laid his feet on the black wooden desk and he said; \"Today's band is waiting for a busy day.\" Angus explained and the rest of the band began listening; \"I will show you New York and we sign a contract with New York branch of recording company Universal records for the new album.\" Darma returned dressed in a black denim jacket, a white shirt and a gray skirt. When she returned, Angus barely ended explanation. She sat on the couch and she asked Germur. \"What did he say?\" \"Something about new contract.\" Germur added and he ate rest of his breakfast. \"Isn't a leader of our band Bodi Angus?\" Germur asked Angus \"Yes, he is but organzitonal things, I do here though I'm the only legend among you.\" Angus said Bodi also changed his clothes after drinking coffee. It was not possible to know that he is someone who grew up in the mountains. He a little looked like as a criminalist. He took a black jacket, a gray shirt, a black jeans and an orange sunglasses who probably looked out during journey from the CSI: Miami . He hidded his old blue clothes and a green cap on the possible way to Snowy Mountain to get in. That's what he did to set here in America. \"I'm here to make it. How do I look?\" he said when he came to the living room with his red guitar in a his right paw. The rest of the band took things on the way to the Universal records. Darma looked on him and her jaw dropped. He in that clothes looked like so hot. \"You are clothed like if Paul Walker was a biker.\" Germur said \"I think it's still old Bodi but, but..\" Darma even more dreamed on her boyfriend \"Otherwise dressed.\" Angus added Darma \"I have to take you around city and I only have time to 12 o'clock, then we have to be in branch of Universal records.\" After this sentence silence came and a tour around city waited for them. In a hurry it lasted only two hours. Bodi for the first time saw Time Square. There were crowds here. Police officers was clothed in black uniforms and they had gun on belt and badge on the chest. When he saw them, they chased armed crocodile who was clothed as a rioter. He shoot on them but police successfully arrested him. His father was right: There are armed criminals with guns which the legally bought in weapon shop. He swallowed and he began to repeat that this city is his new home after he immigrated with his friends. On the Time Square were skyscrapers with advertising screens. Central Park was a park in the center of Manhattan. People come here for the rest in the natural side. Angus hid behind the the hood to make it clear it was not him. Statue of Liberty was a French gift to Americans which is meant to mean friendship and help after war on indenpendence on the Great Britain which began in 1776. Bodi saw it from afar from the harbour and he also saw building of United Nations . The rest of the tour went quickly, after selfie at Empire State Building was time to go to New York branch of Universal records to sign a contract to new album. \"This is your band Mr. Bodi?\" director of this branch asked. He sat on a black chair. From his office was a view to the skyscrapers like Empire State Building. And he looked at them. On the walls of his black office were exposed boards of the other bands. He was a reindeer. His glasses went off to his muzzle. Director was suited like a bussinessman and Bodi had his glasses stored in his pocket. He did not need them for the rest of the day. He watched the band and compared it to the photo from the first concert. Bodi was on the photo clothed in blue suit and a green cap which had a Hymalayan style. Rock legend Angus Scattergood also become a member of this band. No wonder, they were two years older. \"Yes, they are also my friends.\" Bodi explained. He had to sit in a chair before the desk. His friends silently sat on a chairs in the background and they watched clously how it would happen. \"You have a great music. With Angus Scattergood in the band is great and your songs are very catchy. I would have never expected such amazing songs to be made in Tibet. Deal. Sign the contract.\" he said and he looked at the Bodi who has already signed the contract. \"You have a week to test your new songs at our recording company. Then the album will goes on the sale all over the world. I can arrange for your music to appear in some Hollywood blockbuster. If you want.\" directot said and then Angus replied; \"DEAL!\" Universal wasn't only a recording company. It was also a movie studio in Hollywood in Los Angeles, so there was a chance that some song from the new album will appear in some movie. Maybe one time their make a biotopic movie about their band as was 8 Mile about Eminem. Angus wanted to celebrate it but Bodi after yesterday don't has a mood to a another party. They returned to Angus's mansion in night because of after recording of a few songs from the new album. \"Maybe tonight, we'll be together.\" Bodi said to Darma and they both held they paws Mansion was near but suddenly two armed men appeared and they began threatened them. They were two jackals in black suits and masks. A cashier from a nearby shop saw it over the glass and he wanted to call a police. Security cameras shot it. Then a blue light shone. Rapist was shocked and they escaped. Cashier was confused.[Chapter 6] \"Sir, what did you see?\" Policeman asked cashier. Policeman was a Canadian Lynx and cashier was a pig. They were both men. There was still a night and shop was lighted by lighting. The policeman stood inside the shop in the store at the pouch. Cashier suited like a butcher explained what did he saw. \"I saw a four people. One cat, dog, fox and some goat. They had musical instruments maybe they were musiciants. The dog, fox and goat were Asian. They walked around my bussiness in the night but two jackals with guns attacked them. I wanted to call police but before, I saw over the glass how the dog's paw began blue shone then-\" cashier explained \"Blue shone- that's some joke? Do you know at the least what the breed was that dog?\" Lynx asked and he wrote the comment about the case into the note. \"He was Asian. I think he was Tibetian mastiff. I'm saying truth- his paw began blue shone then I saw a blue beam which hit the criminals and then they ran away. Take a look at the camera recordings.\" Cashier said and he shrugged. Policeman came to the computer at the cash desk and cashier rewound it to the stored camera records from the yesterday. There was a scene to see how a blue glow from the dog's paws shot and injured the criminals. \"Oh God.\" Policeman sighed \"Did you see? And you have me here as a fool.\" cashier said \"This is not work of N.Y.P.D., this is FBI's work. I will call their agents. Maybe they're find out what was this and I will give them records.\" he explained \"Take it easy. I only want to know what was this.\" cashier grunted In the FBI branch in New York it gave all federal agents a hard work. At first they did not want this such a strange case stoled by CIA that focused even more on strange things. It was like a episode of X-Files . For one young agent it was a chance to catch it and become a special agent. Somebody came up with a theory that the dog was kidnapped by aliens and that they gave him extradionary abilities like some science fiction. But video showee he was a victim, and it's now half past half. It was confirmed that dog is a singer and guitarist from a famous band. His name was Bodi and he recently immigrated from Tibet and he was now an American citizen. Basically the video captured the entire band. That cat was a famous british rock'n'roll star of 21st century Angus Scattergood, fox was a guitarist Darma and goat was a drumner of this band Germur. They were both immigrants. All four had a clean register- no drugs, now illegally held weapons, no deviant crimes, no indunced brawls, no roberies. It was clear that the FBI had to hidden this case before the public due to possible fear of something uknow or terorrism. After that what happened Bodi tried to refrain by composing a new song. He took his jacket and glasses off. With his girlfriend he tried to make a catchy rhytm. This mansion now belonged to this band. He forget what happened yesterday. Now was afternoon of a new day. Everywhere just played music. He and Darma just barely finished writing the song then they were stopped by the noise from hall. He went sith her to hall to find out what was going on. The door suddenly opened and the federalists came in. There was one wolf,deer, panther and a raccoon. These men wore black trousers, black light soft jacket, shirt and tie. What decorated their shirts were unbottuned and so Bodi and Darma saw their shirts and ties all over. They were dressed pretty like the wolves from Linnux's pack. One of the agents was a woman. She was a panther. \"Federal Bureau of Investigation! All paws behind your head!\" the wolf said and he showed his FBI badge. Angus who now met a woman on the Twitter barked; \"SHIT! FEDERALISTS!\" and he put his phone back to the pocket. Germur went to hall, to find ou what's going on and he saw Angus, Bodi and Darma how their put their paws behind their head. Agents were armed. The wolf aimed at Bodi then he put his gun to the belt. \"I'm FBI special agent Joe Ryan and that dog will go with me.\" the wolf said \"I did not nothing!\" Bodi tried to defend himself \"He can not go with you!\" Angus tried to stop federalists; \"He is a frontman of this band, he can not just leave!\" \"And he's my boyfriend!\" Darma added with a careful look Raccoon came to here and he said; \"Ma'am, I know it's hard for you but here is a question of national security.\" Agents put down their weapons and so Bodi, Darma and Angus did not have to have their paws behind their heads. So they took him to the local FBI branch. They did not gave him handcuffs. For now. They took him off from mansion and at the FBI branch they began to interrogate. \"Is this Russia's work?\" \"Russians?\" \"Yes, I'm asking you if this is Russian's, Chinese, Iranian or North Korea's work.\" Raccoon interrogated him in the interrogation room. He showed him the records from the security camera and Bodi swallowed. \"This is not a someone's work. This is how I was born and my family inherits it.\" Agent looked so confused. \"Did you know that the FBI can deport you back to Tibet? I will not do it. I like your songs and the shots of the camera were blurry enough to be true.\" When he said 'deport', Bodi's imaginations of a new life almost disintegrated. \"I want to close it as a deferred case and forget about this embarassing situation.\" \"You are right.\" Bodi said They released him and it was time to awaken a romantic in him. He returned in night and Darma was so happy when she saw him. He though that they want to close him in prison in Rikers Island at the Manhattan and Brooklyn. Or that they will deport him.[Chapter 7] Okay, I think that, this Rock Dog story is going to be crossover with Blacksad comic by Juan Díaz Canalés and Juanjo Guarnido. Blacksad is a Spanish comic about black panther detective named John Blacksad. There are also furries as in Rock Dog but it's 50s noir America's badass school with adult themes. I read Blacksad before I watched Rock Dog. Now it's just needs his grandson. And about New York: this Rock Dog story sets in New York (in the 21st century of course) and Blacksad takes place in 50s New York (but episodes 'Hell, silence' and 'Amarillo' don't take place in New York. 'Hell, silence' is in New Orleans and 'Amarillo' is about travelling in USA). And I asked a question 'What if Asian for kids Rock Dog meet Spanish badass crime scene Blacksad. So list of Blacksad's episodes: 1. Somewhere between the shadows Blacksad's love Natalie Wilford was murdered and Blacksad is going that rich asshole to pay. 2. Arctic Nation About racism in district 'On the line'. He is now friend with journalist Weekly. Racist white neo-Nazis called Artic Nation and black gang Black Joints. There is kidnapping of the small girl, revenge of two sisters, sex scene and shootout with Ku-klux-clan. 3. Red Soul About Cold War and hydrogen bomb. Blacksad fell in love with writer, member of a bunch of right intelectuals meeting under the protection of communist Samuel Gottfield called '12 apostles'. He find out ,that his good old friend, professor from University was Nazi and, that his life is just ruined plan. Blacksad must stop to make the pictures by another member of 12 apostles, Russian painter Sergej Litvak they got to Russia, because Russian scientists and politics could find out the key to the hydrogen bomb hidden in painting. He wanted to go for honeymoon in Niagara Falls with Alma, unfortunatelly FBI arrest him and senator Gallo threathens him with punish of death. Thanksfully he threathens Gallo with his not- democratic project Noah. Gallo must to free him. 4. Hell, silence Case in New Orleans about dissapearing of one musician who left his pregnant wife. He dies at the end and there is revealed a tragic story of four friends-musiciants, which one was murdered for Faust, known before as Dr. Dupré who sold his healthy oinment which in the backstory killed a lot of innocent people, he bribed judge and changed name on Faust and created recording company. His son doesn't know abou that. 5. Amarillo Sequel to Red Soul and Hell, silence. End of Author's note. ","Summary":" I though, it's gonna be okay. Okay in the country who everyone calls free country. After I realized"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft 2: The Next Generation","Author":"Blayke","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3645972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Craft Two: ThenNext Generation Chapter One Disclaimer: I Don't ownnanything...yadda, yadda, yadda... Dana , Erica, Kara and Valarienare m own characters (and everyone else that wasn't in the movie,nlike teachers and other kids and stuff...) EricanBailey sat on her bed. Tomorrow was her first day of school. She wasnnervous. \"Younknow, I went to St. Benedict's. It's really not that bad,\" hernmother said, walking in and setting Erica's newly washed schoolnuniform on the chair beside the window. \"I'mnjust nervous about going into high school. Especially a private one,\"nErica said. \"Inwas nervous on my first day, too.\" \"Well,ndid you make friends easily?\" Erica asked her mother. \"Inguess you could say that\"... MEANWHILE \"Younready for your first day of school?\" Dana Downs' mother asked. \"Yeah,nwhatever,\" Dana replied. \"Samenattitude I had when I was your age,\" Ms. Downs said with andistant look in her eyes, as if remembering the \"good times\".n \"Of course, I've changed so much since then.\" \"Yeah,ngood for you,\" Dana said. She stood up and walked to the stairs.nWhen she reached the bottom, she turned to her mother and said,n\"Well, I'm goin' to bed.\" Dana continued up the stairs tonher room. \"Goodnnight, honey!\", Nancy yelled after her daughter. No reply.nInstead, she just heard Dana's bedroom door slam. Nancy sighed. Herndaughter was so much like she was when she was young. She just hopednDana wouldn't end up the same as she did at that age. A witch. THEnNEXT DAY; ST. BENEDICT\"S ACADEMY \"Allnright class, we're going to break up into reading groups. The groupsnhave been randomly assigned by fours,\" Sister Anne said. \"Okay,nthe first group is Sam, Carl, Katie and Aaron. Next is Carrie, Lucy,nDavid and Timmy. Now we have John, Chris, Alicia and Matt. Next:nHarry, Steve, Tom and Nick. And lastly is Dana, Erica, Kara andnValerie.\" All thengroups got together at a table. Erica, Valerie, Dana and Kara sat atna table in the back. \"Uh,nhi, I'm Erica.\" \"I'mnKara.\" \"I'mnValerie. But, um, you can call me Val.\" \"Yeah.nHey, I'm Dana.\" \"Allnright class, we'll start our books in a little while, but right now,neach group will take a little while to get to know eachother. Afternall, you will be working together all year,\" Sister Anneninstructed. Karanstarted. \"Um, okay. Well, you already know that I'm Kara. Uh,nI'm 14. Um, well... I live with my mom and dad and grandma. Um, Inguess that's it.\" \"Okay,num I'm Erica. I'm also 14. I just live with my mom because my dadndied in a car accident before I was born.\" \"Sorry,\"nValerie, Kara and Dana said at the same time. \"It'snokay, I didn't know him.\" \"Um,nokay, well as you know, I'm Val. I live with my mom and dad. I'm 14.nI uh, have a cat named Lola and I guess that's it.\" \"Yeah.nWell, I'm Dana, I'm also 14. My parents are divorced. I live with mynmom. I hate my dad. Whatever.\" \"Uh,nwell, okay, so um... what school did you guys go to before here? Inwent to Harmon,\" Val said. \"Inwent to St. Arnold's,\" Kara answered \"Farefield,\"nDana said. \"Inwas at Hayston,\" replied Erica. \"Cool,nokay, so... uh...\" Kara laughed nervously. It was awkward andnslightly uncomfortable sitting with three people she didn't know, andnvery hard to try to think of something to talk about. SisternAnne clapped her hands twice to get the class' attention. All right,nI'm going to pass out the books now. Take a second to look it over.nRead the back, skim the first couple pages. Then we'll startnreading.\" \"GodnI hate how all these teachers are soooo happy. They talk all high andncheerful like it's gonna make us actually wanna be here ornsomething,\" Dana said, putting her feet up on the desk. Thengroup laughed. \"Ugh,nI know. They're so annoying,\" Kara said. \"Feetnoff the table Miss Downs. This is a classroom, not your house,\"nSister Anne said as reached their table. \"Here are your books.\" \"Yeah.nIf this was my house, I'd kick your ass outta here,\" Dananmumbled. \"Inheard that Miss Downs!\" Sister Anne scolded. Theynall laughed. \"Allnright, girls, start your books.\" Sister Anne ordered. Thengirls took turns reading until the bell rang. \"Okay,neveryone, you have to read five chapters over the weekend and benprepared to answer questions about what you read on Monday,\"nSister Anne said. \"Hey,num... do you guys wanna come to my house on Saturday. We could readnthe chapters together. Then, maybe, um... like, have a sleepover?\"nVal suggested. \"Yeah,nsure,\" Erica said, smiling. \"Yeah,nsounds fun,\" Kara said. \"Sure,nI'm in,\" said Dana. \"Not like I have anyhting better tondo...\" SATURDAY;nVAL'S HOUSE \"Hey!\"nVal said, opening the door for Kara and Erica. \"Come in.\"nVal led the girls upstairs to her room. \"Oh,nhello girls!\" Valerie's mom said. \"I just put some cleannclothes on your dresser hun. Oh, it's nice to meet you guys.\" \"It'snnice to meet you, too Mrs.-\" Erica started \"Bonnie.nPlease, call me Bonnie.\" Val's mother said. \"Um,nokay, well, it was nice to meet you, Bonnie.\" \"Okay,nyou girls have fun.\" \"Yeah,nokay mom. We'll be in my room,\" Val said. \"Ugh, sorry aboutnthat,\" she said, once they were in her room. \"She'snnice,\" Kara said. \"Yeah,nI've never had friends over that much... well, I never really hadnfriends at all... so, she just gets excited to see me hang out withnpeople,\" Valerie explained. \"Indidn't really have any friends at Hayston either,\" Erica said. \"Yeah,nI was always pretty much an outcast, too,\" Kara said. Thengirls smiled at eachother, happy that they had each finally foundnpeople who understood them. Just then, the door bell rang. \"Thatnmust be Dana,\" Val said. The girls went downstairs to answer thendoor. \"Hey,\"nDana said. \"Sorry I'm late, hope you didn't start without me.\" \"No,nof course not. Come in. We can, uh, go upstairs and get started now,nI guess,\" Val said. Thengirls went upstairs and read the chapters, then talked about the booknso they were ready for Monday. \"Well,nwhat do you wanna do now?\" Kara asked. \"Indon't know. But as long as it has nothing to do with school, I'm in.nWho would have thought that I ever would have done homework.nEspecially on a weekend?\" Dana chuckled. \"Inthink I have an idea,\" Val said. \"Follow me.\" Thengirls followed Valerie out of the room and to a door at the end ofnthe hallway. Val unhinged the lock and led the girls up into hernattic. There wasn't much in the attic, but the girls immediatlynnoticed a large trunk, and in the corner, a small table covered inncandles. Val lednthe girls over to the trunk and table. \"Whatnis all this?\" Erica asked, turning to Val. Valnopened the trunk to reveal books, incense, herbs, and more candles.n\"Have you guys ever done witchcraft?\"[Chapter 2] The Craft Two: The Next Generation Chapter Two Disclaimer: I don'tnown anything from the movie or whatever. Kara, Val, Erica, and Dananare characters I made up. So is anyone in this story who wasn't innthe movie. \"Um…no…\"nsaid Kara, \"But I've like, heard about it and stuff. It's kindnof interesting.\" \"Yeah, I've donenit. I'm kinds into it, I guess,\" Dana said. Val looked to Erica. \"Oh, well, uh,nnothing too serious. You know, an Ouija board at my birthday parties.nAttempted séances at my cousin's sleepovers and stuff. Thatnkind of thing.\" Val smiled. \"Well,nthis is nothing like an attempted séance. This is real.\" Shenspoke of the Craft as if it were a precious baby. She reached intonthe trunk and pulled out a fat red candle, and a bunch of littlenwhite ones. She stopped as if remembering something. \"Shit,\" shensaid softly. \"What?\" Karanasked. Val sighed. \"Flowers.nI forgot, we need pink flowers!\" She smacked her hand to hernforehead as if to say, \"How could I be so stupid?\" \"Maybe we can justngo outside and get some. Like, from your neighbors' yard ornsomething,\" Dana suggested. \"Yeah. I think Mrs.nCoppler across the street has some growing in her front yard. Shenwon't notice. Besides, we only need, like, two,\" Val said. \"Comenon,\" Val rummaged in a box near her trunk and pulled out anflashlight. The girls got out ofnthe attic and went downstairs. Val opened her front door, which madena loud creaking noise, causing her mother to come and ask them whatnthey were doing. \"Oh, um…well…we'renlooking for, uh, Erica's ring. Yeah, she thinks she dropped itnoutside before she came in,\" Val lied. Bonnie gave herndaughter a suspicious look. \"All right. You girls be careful.\" \"Yeah, okay mom,\"nVal said, closing the door as she followed the other girls outside.n\"Okay, let's go.\" The girls walkednacross the street and into Mrs. Coppler's yard. Valerie turned onnthe flashlight and went up to the small garden lining the porch. Shenplucked two light pink flowers from the ground. \"All right, let'sngo back\" The girls ran backnacross the street and into Val's house. \"Did you find it?\"nVal's mom asked when they got in. \"Find what?\" Valnasked. \"The ring,\" Bonniensaid slowly, looking puzzled. \"Oh, that! Uh, yeah.nYep. It was, uh, on the porch stairs,\" Val said, hiding the flowersnbehind her back. \"Kay, well, um…we'll be upstairs.\" Val, Erica, Dana andnKara raced upstairs and back into the attic. \"Okay, let's allnsit in a circle,\" Val instructed. They all got on the floor andnmade a circle. Valerie put the little white candles around them, andnplaced the big red one in the middle of their circle. She pulled thenpetals off the two flowers and sprinkled them around the red candle.nOnce all of the candles were lit, Val took her place in the circlenand explained what they were about to do. \"Well, to kind of,nuh, I guess, prove to you that this is like, real, we'rengonna do this thing called a Glamour that my mom did when-\" \"Wait, your mom taught you this stuff?\" Dana asked, looking very surprised. \"Well, no, notnexactly. She never really told me about it, but I was in the attic innour old house and I found all her old stuff. She had this Book ofnShadows thing and wrote in it about how her and her friends did itnbefore. I guess she was really into it when she was our age.\" \"Wow,\" said Erica.n\"I think my mom used to be into it, too. It's weird that like,nour moms were into it and stuff and now we are.\" \"The only thing Inknow about my mom when she was young is that she used to be in anninsane asylum,\" Dana chuckled. \"Hey, my mom had anfriend that went into an insane asylum,\" Kara said. \"Her name wasnNancy.\" Dana's eyes grewnwide and her mouth fell open. \"That's my mom!\" she exclaimed. \"Wait, Nancy? In mynmom's book, she wrote about doing witchcraft with a girl namednNancy. And two other girls. Rochelle and a girl they met at St.nBenedict's, Sarah,\" Val said. \"My mom's name isnSarah! And she moved her and went to St. Benedict's!\" Erica said. \"And Rochelle is my mom!\" said Kara. \"Oh my God,\"nwhispered Dana. \"This is so weird!\" \"I know. Our momsnall did this witch stuff together, and now here we are like, twentynyears later, doing the same thing,\" Kara said \"You guys, my momnwrote about doing some pretty amazing things. That could be us! Younknow, make things happen! \" Valerie said.[Chapter 3]  ","Summary":" The Craft Two: ThenNext Generation Chapter One Disclaimer: I Don't ownnanything...yadda, yadda, yad"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Journey to the Land of Human Fantasy (Rewritten)","Author":"SorryImNotFunny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9323847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For years, every part of my life had to be perfectly planned and far from childish. Steering clear of everything imaginative and illogical seemed to be the best way to ease the pain, for fantasies were all that I heard from her. I constantly had my nose in a book, trying to bring as much knowledge into my brain as possible. With each fact written in the nonfiction novels that I read, I lessened my interest in magic and mayhem. After all, why should I care so much about such silly things, especially when they had no chance of ever existing in the real world? What good would they ever bring me in life? Bastian managed to change my view of fantasy drastically, with the help of a single book. Studying constantly about topics that never interested me only made it more difficult for me to enjoy myself. Having to know exactly what would happen at every given moment made me less and less spontaneous every day, and my reactions during unexpected situations went downhill just as fast. He noticed this almost instantly, and he did the only thing that he believed would bring back the wonderful cousin that he knew three years ago. Only, he wished that he wouldn't have dragged me into the middle of a war. I will certainly never forget my wonderful experiences in Fantasia, and the beautiful sights that I saw will stay with me forever. Some things, though, I am better off forgetting.[Chapter 2] It fascinated me how I was able to recall many childhood memories as we drove down the street towards my cousin's house. The park, which was just across the street from his house, held the most of my cherished memories that occurred when I was younger. We used to run around the park, wielding imaginary swords and pretending that we were in a battle, one of us on the side of good and the other evil. When we got tired, we'd call it a draw and play on the swings. Normally, we'd look up at the clouds and see who could name the most shapes in the sky. That was three years ago, though, and we weren't children anymore. Wow... Has it really been three years? The last time I saw my cousin, Bastian, was over the summer when I was eleven. Then, of course, the loss of my mother made my life start spiraling towards the earth, and I was too busy locking myself in my bedroom with my countless number of books to even think about vacations. These books weren't the fantasies with the beautiful maidens and dark sorcerers that I had been so fond of reading, but informational novels that would further my knowledge. On occasion, I would select a crime or mystery novel to enjoy for a day or two, as long as it was as realistic as possible. Without my mother and her enchanting stories, I have had to tighten my grasp on reality, only to keep her out of my thoughts. My dad had let it go on for the first year, thinking that it was just a stage and that I would start living again soon enough. After the second year, he casually started hinting that he wanted me to go outside, inhale the precious fresh air, and maybe meet up with some of my old friends after school. I listened to his suggestions, but merely shrugged them off and resumed with my isolated life in the comfort of my bedroom. The third year was when he believed that I should be letting the event go, and he started mentioning mom again. He tried to, at least, for I would stop him or leave the room before he could finish his statement. By the time the first week of summer came around, and he practically hadn't seen me in three days, he decided that he was going to let me stay with my cousin for a couple of weeks. Not only would I be able to visit the family members that I had ignored for so long, but I would hopefully arrive back home with many exciting stories to tell, like I did every year when I was younger. We pulled up into my cousin's driveway, and I marveled in the sight of their house. It was much larger than our house in Indiana, almost twice the size, and it was much nicer. The two-story white house had a row of flowers lining the front (which Uncle Barney more than likely planted, since Bastian wouldn't so much as touch a flower), and it had one of the largest backyards I've ever seen. The yard behind the house seemed to go on for miles, and it used to be one of our two most popular basis of imaginative operation. On a regular day, I would have thought that it would become one of my many reading areas over the next couple weeks. However, my dad confiscated my books (\"You've been reading non-stop for three years, two weeks without them will do you good.\"), so I wasn't sure what exactly I'd do back there. When my dad parked the car in front of the closed garage, he turned around in his seat to look at me. A smile was on his face for the first time in a while, making it obvious that he was glad that his daughter had agreed to visit the family. \"You'll have a great time, I promise.\" He assured me. \"Bastian and I are so different now...\" I muttered in disagreement. \"I'm sure if you don't wanna have fake battles to save mankind, he won't force you.\" He chuckled, but the seriousness in his tone was clear. \"But still, try to have some fun. You can only be a kid once, you know.\" \"I'm not a kid.\" \"Well, you're not an adult.\" With that, he stepped out of the car and motioned for me to do the same. It was nice to finally stand up after sitting in a stuffy car for over four hours. My legs felt like unbreakable rocks, and I resisted the urge to do two minutes worth of stretches. Settling for just rolling my shoulders, I sighed and walked over to the trunk of the car to get my suitcases. I would have had five bags instead of two if I were allowed to bring my books, but since my prized possessions remained in another state, I brought just about everything the average person would bring to an overnight stay with somebody. Clothes, sleepwear, my favorite pillow, bathroom stuff, my cell phone, and a camera (my dad's idea). I hadn't managed to open the trunk, however, before two arms quickly wrapped around my waist and pulled me into a backwards hug. I gasped at the sudden greeting, which made my cousin laugh. \"Hey, I'm looking for my cousin, Brittany.\" He started to say, as if he didn't know me. \"She looks a lot like you, except she was a lot shorter the last time I saw her.\" Grinning like a madman, I spun around and returned Bastian's hug. It only lasted for a second, though, since I needed time to take in how much he had changed over the years. His blonde hair (though longer) and pale blue eyes still remained, but the boy was just over three inches taller than me. He smiled at me with genuine happiness, which I haven't seen in so long. It was comforting, being in the presence of one of my best friends who I haven't seen in years. \"You've grown... A lot.\" I said, suppressing a laugh. \"I'm a growing man, get over it.\" I opened the car trunk to get by two suitcases, which Bastian grabbed before I was able to. I gave him \"The Look\", more specifically the \"Stop-Being-So-Polite-'Cause-It's-Creepy Look\", which he noticed almost instantly. \"I have arms too, you know.\" I said, grinning as I grabbed one of the two suitcases out of his hand. \"I thought most girls appreciated it when guys acted like gentlemen.\" \"Oh, don't worry. You can be your non-gentleman, socially awkward, never-gonna-get-a-girlfriend self as much as you like.\" \"Well, in that case...\" Bastian swiftly handed me the second suitcase, and pointed towards his house. \"Race you to the porch!\" \"What!?\" As Bastian and I ran up the porch steps and bolted through the front door, my dad leaned up against the car with a grin on his face. He hadn't seen his daughter smile that much in the longest time. This'll be good for her , he thought. A couple of weeks of fun will definitely get her mind off of things. With that in mind, he went into his brother-in-law's house, mostly to make sure that the two teenagers didn't break anything I set my suitcases beside the staircase before I followed Bastian up to the second floor. The only room that I remember ever going into on the top floor was Bastian's bedroom, so I figured that he would be taking me to the same place. I almost started to wonder if his bedroom had changed as much as he did. Mine certainly changed a lot, posters being replaced with bookshelves and drawing pads being replaced with notebooks. It almost made me feel uncomfortable, going into someone's bedroom other than my own. After all, that was where I'd spent 80% of my time over the past three years. When I entered the room, however, I noticed that it hadn't changed very much at all. The rectangular window still remained in the corner of the front wall, directly behind his bed along the side. A TV had been put on his dresser at the foot of his bed, but that seemed to be the only thing that had changed over the past three years. \"So, how's life been?\" I asked, trying to make some sort of conversation. \"Good enough, I guess.\" Bastian replied, shrugging. \"You?\" \"It's been bearable.\" \"I guess that's always nice.\" We stood in silence for a moment, not sure how to continue. After all, this was the first time we've seen each other in years. We could have simply started out talking like we did when we were kids, but I doubted that either of us remembered how our communications went back then. To try and find something to talk about, I scanned my eyes across the room for a moment or two. There didn't seem to be anything fascinating to ask or talk about, but I continued looking around anyway. Then, I laid eyes on possibly the largest book I've ever seen. Not only was it gigantic in page count, but also in overall size. The book, about the length of my forearm on each side, was bound in a tan material, and had a strange symbol on the cover. From where I stood, it looked like an unusually shaped circle with curves going through the middle. Even if I had been on the complete opposite side of the room, I would have been able to read the title of the book perfectly, which was printed at the top in big, fancy letters. The NeverEnding Story . \"What's that?\" I asked, pointing towards the book. Bastian looked over to the book, which lied on the corner of his bed. He stared at it for a moment or two, which almost made me wonder if he was going to reply at all. When he finally turned away from the book, he smiled at me.[Chapter 3] Bastian slowly approached his bed, more specifically his strangely large book. He looked back at me several times, indicating that he wanted me to follow him. Each time he looked back, I noticed that his smile never faded. There was something about the way he approached the book, the way he glanced at it with a look of complete awe, that made me realize how special the book was to him. At the same time, though, a wave of uneasiness struck me unexpectedly. He took a seat on the bed, right next to the book. He nodded towards the enormous novel. \"Wanna give it a whirl?\" He asked, his eyes almost shining in hope. I glanced at the book for a moment, and reread the title. The NeverEnding Story ... It seemed unfitting for a book that obviously had an end. Of course, the title more than likely reflected a main idea in the book. The character's main conflict seemed like it would never end, making their entire life resemble an unending story. Time continued to repeat itself until the character corrected a certain mistake, or maybe saved a person's life. No, that last one is just ridiculous . \"What's it about?\" I asked. Bastian simply shrugged. \"You'll just have to read and see.\" I raised an eyebrow. Was there a specific reason why he didn't want to tell me what the book was about? It only made me feel even more uncertain as to whether or not I should read the book. Based on the title, I could only guess that it would have magical elements to it. After all, every story has to end at some point, and time never ceases to continue to go on smoothly. The last thing that I wanted to do was associate myself with anything as illogical as fantasy, even though I planned on it since the minute my cousin welcomed me into his house. Even so, I found myself sitting next to Bastian on the bed, the book in between us. I couldn't exactly say to Bastian \"No, I can't read it because I'm scared that it'll have a flying dog or something irrational like that.\". Not only would I sound like a complete idiot, I would confuse my cousin as well. Since we haven't been in contact with each other in three years, he has failed to notice my change in preferred genre. When we were kids, fantasy was the center of our lives, so it was only obvious that he'd think that I hadn't changed. Also, if I was going to bore him with all of the things that I wanted to do over the next two weeks, I should at least do something that he wanted to do. With that in my mind, I reluctantly opened the book to reveal the first page of many. Interestingly enough, the story began without a title page, prologue, or anything of the sort. The very first thing that caught my attention was the intricate design of a T, which started the first paragraph. I hesitated for a moment, breathing in deeply before letting the air out, and read the first few lines. To see how the words would feel on my tongue, I read out loud. \"Thunder roared in the midnight sky as rain crashed down into the black mud.\" I began reading, grabbing my cousin's full attention. \"This stormy night marked the anniversary of a brutal death, one that was difficult to stomach yet was undeniably required for the sake of Fantasia. As punishment for her horrendous crimes, her hollow corpse was buried in the very center of the Swamps of Sadness. Even in the afterlife, she would suffer alone with no one but herself to blame...\" The paragraph wasn't even finished, and I could not handle reading another word. How could they do something as cruel as that to a simple criminal? Granted, I was unaware of what she was guilty of, and by the extremity of the execution, it was at least murder. Even so, nobody deserved to be hollowed out completely and buried in a swamp... The Swamps of Sadness, they called it. Her death was required for the sake of Fantasia? Was that a person? A group of people? A city, or world? \"Are you okay?\" Bastian asked all of a sudden, bringing me back to reality. \"Thanks for letting me read,\" I replied quickly, \"but I think I'm done for now.\" He gave me a questioning look. \"I'm sorry, I just... I haven't been able to deal with anything remotely magical since my... my mom died.\" I kept my eyes fixed on the carpet, but I could see out of the corner of my eye that Bastian's expression changed from one of confusion to one of sympathy. If anyone could relate to my current situation, it was Bastian. He had to go through the exact same thing, so he knew exactly how difficult it was to deal with the loss of a parent. We were silent for a moment or two, lost in our own thoughts. \"What about your mom reminds you of fantasy?\" Bastian asked me, breaking the silence. I looked up at him for a moment, startled. Just a second later, my gaze went back to the floor. \"She used to read me fantasy stories every night before I went to bed.\" I replied, smiling despite my sadness. \"She'd always pick the ones with the brave heroes and the beautiful princesses, since they were my favorite. When I got older, she would read me a chapter of a larger book every night. Even around the house, that woman lived and breathed magic.\" The first year after her death, I would have broke down crying with just the mention of her name. The second year, it would range from teary eyes to uncontrollable waterfalls. The third year, I had always managed to stop anyone from mentioning my mother, so I hadn't cried at all. Surprisingly enough, I had spent a good twenty seconds of my time talking about what I loved the most about her, and my depressed state didn't trigger any tears. It was as if I had cried so much in the past that I was incapable of shedding any more tears no matter how upset I got. \"Well, one thing is certain.\" Bastian stated. \"Your mother never read you a bedtime story quite like this.\" I turned my head towards him. \"What makes you so sure?\" I asked. His answer came almost instantly. \"There's no book in the world quite like this one.\" We were silent for a moment or two, and I was simply staring blankly at the book beside me. Even the first paragraph was one that resembled nothing that I had heard before, and reading it was almost refreshing. Though I had been too focused on the cruelty done to the criminal to realize it, the magical elements in the beginning alone were unlike anything I've ever read. That was the one and only thing that I enjoyed about reading the passage, however. If the story had been altered in a way so that it had the same creative style, but was a more realistic genre, I might have read on. \"I'm sorry, I just can't handle reading anything unrealistic.\" I said. \"I feel like if I read books that focus more on what could very well happen in the real world, I'll be learning things that could benefit me at some point in life. Magic doesn't have that same effect on me, and it could quite possibly have the opposite.\" Bastian stared at me, quiet and almost dumbfounded. This was understandable, for the last time he saw me, my previous statement would have been so false that it would be unforgivable for me to have even said it. Now, I almost felt embarrassed to say what I've been thinking for the past three years. Even worse, the way I said it almost made me feel like I was unintentionally insulting my cousin for enjoying such a thing. \"Not all fantasy is bad.\" He replied calmly. \"Remember when we were kids? When we'd run around the house, pretending that the entire place was a magical world? We'd have our swords out, ready to fight any evil creatures that threatened the land. Even if we got defeated, you'd have that same smile-\" \"We were kids .\" \"That doesn't mean that we can't still have fun.\" I suddenly had nothing left to say. I had never believed that having fun was a bad thing, especially since I was still a teenager. However, I had come to think of reading my non-fiction and mystery novels as fun. I had yet to meet a person my age that shared my same taste in entertainment, since most teenagers found fun through music or social gatherings. My cousin was the only other person I knew that loved books as much as I did, and now I couldn't even bear to read a paragraph of his preferred genre. Bastian glanced over at the book for a moment or two, almost as if he were trying to come up with an answer for a difficult question. After what seemed like minutes, he looked up at me with a smile. \"I think I know what can help.\" He said. He picked up the book and set it in his lap. His finger trailed down the first page, trying to find the place that I had stopped reading. When he found the sentence after it, he began reading. \"Suddenly, a flash of lightning came down from the sky and struck the mud directly above the corpse. The power surged deeper into the earth until it came in contact with the woman. It seeped into her decaying flesh, sending bolts of electricity throughout her body. The very second that it struck her heart, she sprung to life. Her-\" I had been staring blankly at him the entire time, trying to block out as much of his reading as possible. I figured that it would be rude if I stopped him in the middle of the paragraph and left the room, so all that I could do was sit and stare. However, the sound of another voice filling the room turned my attention back to the book. It was more of a raspy whisper than anything, though I couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman's voice. One thing was certain, there was no way that Bastian was making the noise, for he was gawking at the book with his mouth completely shut. \"Her fist, reduced to merely bone and rotten flesh, bolted out of the mud like the lightning above her. She stretched her weakened appendage before raising the second hand, mimicking the same speed.\" A cold shiver ran down my spine, bringing goosebumps to my arms. \"Quit it, Bastian.\" I said, my fear making it difficult for me to sound angry. \"It's not me.\" He whispered. The voice spoke the words louder and much faster, making it so that everything they said sounded like one gigantic sentence. Each syllable was very distinctly pronounced, and it almost sounded like they were trying to spit the sounds at our faces. \"The cold drops that hit her fists brought a sinister smile to her buried face As black mud seeped into her open mouth she began to rise up from the grave that she's been suffering in for centuries A frightening roll of thunder clapped almost ceremoniously as her face rose back to the surface Her body clothed in a translucent red robe came after and seemed to be welcomed by the frigid air and shadowy night clouds.\" \"Bastian, stop it!\" I yelled. \"You're scaring me!\" \"I told you, it isn't me!\" \"Then who is it?\" \"How should I...\" He stopped, just as the menacing voice stopped reading words from the book. Instead, they were replaced by two words, said over and over again as if she were chanting them. \"Come back.\" They snarled. \"Come back. Come back. Come back! Come back!\" My attention was suddenly drawn to the first page of the book, and for good reason. The tan paper, as unbelievable as it sounded, began to turn an entirely different color in the center. The sudden red began as the size of a rain drop, but wasted no time expanding to fill the entire page. The black letters were lost in the sea of thick red water that erupted from the paper. Bastian ran his fingers across the page, but there was no tangible liquid on the paper. All that I was able to do was move closer to the book, now completely engulfed in a horrifying red. The voice chanted even louder, even quicker than before. \"ComebackComebackComebackComebackComeback!\" Out of the reddened page came a blood-soaked hand, fingers twisted and gnarled. Before I even had a second to react with a scream, the hand bolted up and cupped my face in its palm. At that moment, my entire world reduced to darkness despite my terrified wide eyes. Even with the terror evident on my face, my emotions seemed muted. However, my hearing was still intact. \"COME BACK!\"[Chapter 4] I did my best to block out everything that was surrounding me. I shut my eyes as tight as they would go, I cupped my hands over my ears, I shied away from anything that happened to brush up against my skin. The only thing that I could expect was that the bloody hand that emerged from the book pages has dragged me into Hell. After all, demons don't grab your face and take you into Heaven, only angels can do that. I was terrified that, if I simply looked through a space in between my eyes that was as slim as a needle, I would be horrified beyond words at the sight of wretched souls burning to the bone in a lake of boiling lava. Maybe I would even see the face of Lucifer himself... his terrible, hideous face. This has to be a dream! I thought, trying desperately to calm myself, but to no avail. Hands can't come out of books, and they certainly can't drag you to Hell! You can only go to Hell if you die... I haven't done anything wrong! I'm not dead! I CAN'T BE DEAD! A faint voice was heard through the sounds of my pitiful inner screams. They sounded like they were miles away. \"Brittany, open your eyes!\" They yelled. \"I can't!\" I screamed, shutting my eyes even tighter. \"You can, just trust me.\" They sounded closer now. Probably burning alive, practically a skeleton already. \"No!\" I shrieked when someone, some thing , grabbed my wrist and pulled one of my hands away from my ears. To my surprise, I didn't hear the pained screams of tortured souls, nor did I hear Satan welcoming me into his fiery kingdom. In fact, I could hardly hear anything at all. Aside from the slow breaths of the person in front of me, all that reached my ears was the sound of lightly flowing water. It wasn't quite like a waterfall, it was too soft and peaceful for that... It was more likely to be a river, a lake even. \"Brittany, you can open your eyes.\" With my ears uncovered, I was able to recognize the voice of my cousin, Bastian. How is he here? Did he get grabbed by the demon as well? Is he okay? He's not hurt, is he? Slowly, cautiously, I opened my eyes. When I saw my cousin kneeling in front of me, still holding tightly onto my wrist, I knew that it was, in fact, his voice that I had heard. It wasn't a devil imitating him in order to give me a false sense of security, it was really Bastian. The blonde boy almost seemed to be glowing, since the sunlight that lit up the sky above us seemed to radiate off of him. His concerned frown slowly lifted into a half-smile. \"See, you're okay.\" He assured me, letting go of my wrist. He started to stand and back away from me a couple of steps, allowing me to see more of our surroundings. A part of me was still terrified of what I might see if I looked up and surveyed the area, so my eyes instantly went to the floor. It wasn't a floor that I saw, exactly, but the bottom of a boat that seemed to be made entirely out of sea shells. I was sitting at the end of the boat, my back up against the curved, half-foot high walls. When Bastian had left me, he went to stand at the opposite end of it and stare out at the lake that we smoothly drifted on. As I started to get to my feet as well, I decided that the lake would be the first thing that I looked at. My eyes went to look over the side of the boat, where I could see nothing except miles of seemingly endless water. The lake water was as clear as a crystal, so pure that I was able to see the multicolored fish that seemed to swim many miles under us. They were probably a lot closer to the surface than they appeared to be, trying to take in the sight of the clear blue sky just as I was. There wasn't a cloud in sight, and the sun shined high above the world in the direction that Bastian was staring in. After marveling in the beautiful sight of the lake, I joined him at the front of the boat. When I finally caught a glimpse of the scene that Bastian had been looking at for almost a minute now, I doubted that I would be able to take my eyes off of it either. The shell boat that we stood in was floating towards an enormous kingdom, its walls seemingly made entirely out of shining silver. Gigantic silver ships lined the perimeter of the city, leaving only one opening in front of the city gate. The boat seemed to be going directly towards the gate, even when there was no current that guided us there, or a propeller that moved the boat on its own. \"I'm dreaming...\" I said, still unable to turn away from the silver city before me. \"It's not a dream.\" Bastian corrected me. \"It's just made out of them...\" This place is made out of dreams... Dreams can't do anything except appear while you are asleep. I must be asleep, then. This can't be real. None of this could ever possibly be real. \"It is a dream, Bastian.\" I finally looked over at my cousin. \"None of this could ever appear in real life. I mean, the water is never this pure in reality, and the boat is moving on its own. It's not practical, and you can't convince me otherwise.\" \"That's the beauty of it. It's not practical. It's not realistic. But none of that matters, because it's all real.\" I raised my eyebrow at him, starting to get slightly annoyed with his persistence. \"Okay, if this is real, then where are we?\" \"Fantasia.\" All that I did was stare at him. A disbelieving, skeptical stare, but a stare all the same. Bastian noticed my expression, and explained. \"I don't know what happened a while ago, I'll admit that, but I know Fantasia when I see it. The voices were coming from the book... the hand came out of the book, and we went in it.\" \"You know, just a second ago, I was completely convinced that I had been dragged into Hell by a demon. That makes more sense than what you just said.\" \"I know, and I wouldn't have believed it either.\" Bastian put his hand on my shoulder. \"I don't know why we've been brought here, or where we're supposed to go after this, but I'm telling the truth when I tell you that we're in Fantasia.\" A part of me wanted to consider that he was being honest. Maybe we were in Fantasia, maybe we have been brought inside of the book. That part of me couldn't have been any larger than the end of a toothpick, however. A much larger, more dominating part of me chose to believe that this was all a dream, and that I would wake up soon enough. This would all be over in about an hour or so, and it would be forgotten just minutes after I woke up. Just like every other dream that I've ever had... except I've never had a dream quite like this. For a figment of my imagination, it seemed very real... I could smell the sea water that rushed at me in the wind, I could feel the sun almost blinding me when I try to look at it... No! This is all a dream, and you know it. It has to be. There's no other explanation... \"This might not actually be so bad.\" Bastian stated. \"You'll love this place, I promise.\" \"How attached can I get to a dream ?\" Bastian sighed, whether out of impatience or understanding, I have no idea. \"What will it take to make you believe that Fantasia is real?\" \"Anything can happen in a dream, so there's really nothing that can convince me.\" He looked down at the water for a moment, deep in thought. I continued to stare at the silver city that the shell boat was quickly approaching. The faint sound of violins reached my ears, as well as distant chatter and laughter. How many people were behind that gate? Were they waiting for us? Or did they even know that we were coming? \"Don't get the wrong idea, okay?\" Bastian asked all of a sudden. \"Huh?\" Before I could back away, he swung his hand at my cheek. A sharp stinging erupted in my cheek directly afterwards. By the time Bastian winced and uncomfortably stuck his hand back into his pocket, I almost felt as if my skin was sinking closer to my jawbone, trying to shy away from whatever had caused it such an unexpected pain. It wasn't like he slapped me hard , but it was certainly enough to have woken me up from the dream that I was currently living in. The clear blue skies still remained above me, though. We were still sailing across still-moving water that was as transparent as glass, on a seashell boat. When the boat gently collided with the edge of the silver dock in front of the city gate, I was more than ready to question the truth behind my previous belief. Is all of this real? Could we really be in Fantasia? But... that world is only a part of The NeverEnding Story , a work of fiction. Pure fantasy... While I simply stared off into space in somewhat of a daze, Bastian rambled on like an apologetic idiot. \"I'm so sorry! I didn't mean that in a bad way or anything, I just wanted to prove that you're not in a dream! I don't blame you if you're mad at me, I'd be mad at me too! I should have thought of something a little less violent, like pinching you or something, why did I slap you if I could have pinched you! Brittany, I'm-\" \"We're really here?\" I asked monotonously, stopping whatever nonsense Bastian kept going on about. Bastian looked up at the gigantic gate before us, then looked back at me with a smile. With my eyes solely focused on the silver city walls, I couldn't tell if his smile represented his joy to hear that his cousin finally believed him, or if it was a victorious smirk that hid his inner desire to ask \"So, how long will it be 'till you ever doubt me again?\". \"In the flesh...\" He responded. He swung his leg over the edge of the boat and stepped onto the dock, making the boat shake a little with the shift in weight. I quickly took a step to the right, positioning me in the middle of the boat. Bastian started to walk towards the unopened gate, but stopped when he didn't hear any footsteps behind him. When he turned around, he simply saw me standing at the front of the boat, skeptically staring up at the gate. He sighed. \"It's alright.\" He told me. \"You can come with me.\" \"Is it safe?\" He sighed again, a smile reaching his face once more. \"Now, when have I ever put the great Brittany Payten in danger?\" He held his hand out towards me, expecting me to take it in mine and follow him into the beautiful city. I hesitated at first, wondering what sort of things went on behind the abnormally tall walls, and if any of those things could get me hurt or... killed. It's been years since I've ever read a fairy tale, so it never crossed my mind that the main lady in the story never got killed. Captured by dragons or trapped in a tower, yes, but they never faced an agonizing death that you'd only see in a horror flick. But what if I'm not the main lady? Then Bastian will keep me safe. He hasn't let me down yet. Why would he let me down now? When I reached my final decision, I grabbed Bastian's hand. I've never seen a wider smile on my cousin's face.[Chapter 5] The Silver City, which I learned was the official name of the kingdom, was surprisingly more than shining gray buildings and charismatic townspeople. If I had been given the chance to rename this precious city, I would name it to represent the entire area and not just the outer walls, instead naming it the Shining City. Many of the buildings and shops scattered around the area, matching the color and material of the artificial ground, were built mostly out of pure gold. Decorative patterns on the walls were formed with tiles of emerald and ruby, giving the busy city a great amount of much-needed color. Any windows in the city were made out of turquoise stained glass, and I doubted that I would see any clear glass for miles. The tall lamp posts that stood near the center of the area illuminated the kingdom just as well as the sun did, making the metals and jewels glisten. These lanterns were lined with bits of glittering diamond, made to further carry the light that radiated from the fire at the tops of the posts. Even more magnificent than the city itself, and I wouldn't have believed it to be true if they hadn't have been there when we arrived, were the flashy civilians. Dancing to the soft violins that played in the town square, they talked among themselves and giggled carelessly. Each of them, men and women, wore silky robes of many bright colors. Their most notable piece of clothing, however, were their outrageous headdresses and masquerade masks. A majority of the townspeople, giving me the assumption that it was a popular fashion trend in the Silver City, wore enormous bird feathers on top of their heads, many resembling the colorful patterns of a peacock. Attached to their over-the-top hats (or seeming to be), were full-face masks. Many had beautiful, intricate patterns carved or painted onto them, while others looked fantastic with just a plain color. From the place that I stood in front of the gate, I couldn't tell if they were even masks at all. I couldn't see any of the civilians' arms or legs inside of their robes and dresses, so I couldn't see if their skin color resembled that of their masks. Are they even masks? \"So, do you like it?\" Bastian asked me, grinning like a madman. \"Who are all of these people?\" I asked, staring at the townspeople curiously, almost fearfully. \"I'm not sure.\" My cousin responded. \"I always see them when I come here, though. They've never told me any of their names individually, and I've never really tried to have a conversation with any of them. If you ask me, I'd-\" \"Are they at least human?\" Bastian was somewhat surprised by my question, though he had expected that I'd ask something similar about the people in the Silver City. I was still in a state of slight disbelief, not to mention that I knew near to nothing about this world. All that I knew about it was what I read in The NeverEnding Story , and from what I've already seen, I seemed to be in an entirely different part of the world. \"How many humans do you think you'll find in the world of pure fantasy?\" \"Well, it better be more than just you and me...\" Bastian almost frowned when he heard me say this. He knew far more about Fantasia than I ever would, and he knew without a doubt that we were the only humans in this world. Everything else was a form of a creature, whether it looked like a human or not. Even with this knowledge, there wasn't a single part of him that believed that I would hate and reject everything that Fantasia had to offer. There had to be something in this endless fantasy world that sparked my interest, even if it meant that it was the only thing about Fantasia that I didn't completely hate. To change the subject, Bastian grabbed my hand and smiled at me. \"I wanna show you something.\" Before I could protest, I was being led through the crowd of people towards a place that, apparently, my cousin deemed to be special. I could hardly see anything beyond the vast amount of flashy civilians, and only some of them bothered to move out of the way when we went jogging through the crowds. I was feeling very uncomfortable about bumping into many unusually dressed strangers, who may or may not be human under their supposed masks, and I was unable to stop myself from being pulled to a place that I've never been to before. In a place like this, I wasn't sure what to expect. \"Where are we going?\" I asked, just barely raising my voice enough to be heard over the chatter. \"You'll see...\" Bastian turned towards me, still jogging through the crowds, and smiled. I don't know if that's a good sign or not... I couldn't tell you how much time it took us to emerge from the crowd of people and start running freely through the city, but it felt like an eternity to me. The anxiety that I could feel building up at the pit of my stomach made time seem to slow down, like it would do in any setting. Maybe time really did slow down, just to prolong the negative energy bouncing around in the world's only non-believer of fantasy. Even while I was jogging through a truly beautiful island kingdom, even when I was breathing the air of Fantasia, I couldn't be sure if this was all real. What if I was just having a very vivid dream? I couldn't be sure what around me was real quite yet... When we came to a narrow alleyway in between two buildings, Bastian came to a halt. He let go of my hand as I came up beside him, trying to find what exactly he was staring at. The end of the alley seemed to be at the edge of the city, since I could see the crystal clear lake water splashing up against the silver floor. When I looked over at my cousin, though, his eyes seemed to be focused more on the building to our right. The rope ladder hanging over the side of the building caught my attention, and since that was the only unique part of the building, I had to guess that it was what Bastian was staring at. Only a second after I noticed it, he approached it with a smile. \"Follow me.\" He said as he put one foot on the bottom rope of the ladder and started climbing. As he climbed, my eyes went to the roof of the building. From what I could see, it was flat, probably easily to walk on top of. It couldn't have been more than fifteen feet high, but the idea of climbing the ladder to get to the top frightened me a little. I wasn't normally scared of heights, but from where I stood on the ground, I couldn't see anything on the roof. I had no idea what was in store for me up there. But Bastian said he'd never put me in danger... Keeping that comforting thought in mind, I followed my cousin up the ladder. He was very close to the top when I first started climbing, so he was looking down at me over the edge of the building for the most part. I looked down to make sure that I was safely climbing the ladder, since I could easily break an arm if I fell at the height that I was at. Don't think about that... I reached the top a lot quicker than I had expected, and I was grateful for that. Now that my eyes were above the surface of the rooftop, I could see a great amount of tools and paint buckets lying on top of it. The roof had probably been under construction or had recently been repaired, but I couldn't stop myself from focusing on one other image that I couldn't see before. Bastian grabbed me by the hand and led me over to the edge of the roof, making it far easier for the both of us to marvel in the beautiful sight. While on the ground, I could only see so much of the Silver City at once, and the townspeople made it so that the portion that I saw was quite small. From up above the kingdom, however, I was shown that the city itself was far greater than what I had already seen. Every building, every street, and every civilian that was between the gate and the rooftop was seen by the both of us. The golden surface of the ground and the jewels that decorated the building walls seemed to shine even brighter than they had when we first arrived, and though it was near blinding, I couldn't bring myself to turn away from it. The extraordinary beauty of the city seemed to have the same effect on Bastian, even though he had already seen this at least once before. \"Whoa...\" I murmured. \"I knew you'd like it.\" Bastian responded. \"It's beautiful...\" I didn't seem to be able to describe it as anything other than beautiful. Gorgeous, dazzling, lovely... Beautiful. \"Most of Fantasia is beautiful. You'll see the rest of it eventually.\" I turned towards my cousin. \"The rest...?\" \"The Silver City isn't even a fraction of Fantasia. This world is literally endless! As long as children keep dreaming, Fantasia will never die. This city was thought up by a child in our world, and it appeared here. Each creature came from someone's imagination.\" Everything in this world was thought up by a human child... Unicorns, fairies, mermaids, elves... Vampires, werewolves, sea serpents... Demons with bloody hands. Fantasia is the land of human fantasy, of children's dreams, but what about their nightmares? Is there a separate world for nightmares, or do they go hand-and-hand with dreams? The beginning of The NeverEnding Story was no fantasy... All of a sudden, I saw something running down Bastian's top lip. Something red. \"Is your nose bleeding?\" I asked. Bastian's hand went to wipe at his nose, and when he looked back at it, it was smeared with blood. He stared at it in front of him in confusion, not sure how or why his nose could have been bleeding. Just before he was about to ask about it, however, another drop landed onto the back of his hand like a drop of rain. A moment after he saw the second drop on his skin, I felt something small and warm splash on the top of my head. My put my finger up to my hair and felt around for a raindrop, but when I looked back at my finger, it was thinly coated with blood. I saw that my cousin was gawking up at the sky, and I felt a chill run up and down my spine when I saw what he was staring at. When we were on the boat outside of the city, the sky was a bright blue, and there wasn't a single cloud for miles. By the time we had climbed onto the rooftop to look out at the glittering city, several small and thin clouds had begun to form. I didn't think anything of it, since clouds were a very common occurrence back where I lived, and they didn't appear to be rain clouds of any kind. I looked up, however, and I saw thick, dark clouds casting an ominous shadow over the Silver City, red raindrops descending from their cores. They appeared to be entirely gray at first glance, but after staring at them for several seconds in a confused daze, all that I focused on were the vein-like sparks erupting through the clouds. They gave the dark grey clouds a tint of faded pink, which slowly formed more into a deep red with each passing second. \"Does that normally happen?\" I asked shakily, not daring to take my eyes off of the unusual rain clouds. \"Not that I've seen...\" Just a moment after he said this, the light and infrequent sprinkles of blood turned into a downpour. It seemed that hundreds of bloody raindrops descended from the sky each second, covering the Silver City in a thick red blanket of rain. I simply stared up at the sky while the crowds below us screamed and howled in fear. The civilians scurried through the streets, trying to take shelter in any way possible. Doors were slammed... Glass was broken... Utter chaos. \"Brittany, come on!\" Bastian exclaimed, grabbing my hand. He was bolting towards the side of the building that the ladder was dangling off of. I thought for a moment that we were going to climb back down to the ground and hide in one of the buildings, but he ran right past the ladder. Did he not see it? We could have gotten inside one of the buildings! I was about to direct him back towards the rope ladder, but he stopped in front of a white box that lied near the edge of the roof. It was rectangular-shaped, and it was about a third the height of my cousin. It didn't seem like it would be able to hold very much. What's in that thing? \"Follow me!\" Bastian let go of my hand, and sat down on the ground with his legs in front of him. He used one of his legs to push back the front side of the box, making it swing back inside of itself like a sideways door. Before I could ask any questions, he pushed himself forward with his arms and sprung through the door. I stared in confusion, trying to comprehend what exactly I had just seen. That's not even a box... that's some kind of chute. Where had Bastian just gone? I approached the chute with caution, not sure where it would lead when I went down it. I pushed the door back with my hand, and I peered down the dark hole that the white walls kept hidden. The darkness kept me from seeing how far down it went, and I could just barely see how incredibly steep it was. Brushing my finger against the slide made me certain that it was made of a type of metal, and I was fairly sure that I would glide down it pretty quickly. It'll be over in a couple of seconds. Just like a roller coaster... But where does it lead to? Where in God's name is Bastian!? A roll of thunder made me jump a little bit, reminding me that I was wasting time and was just sitting on my knees in the bloody rain. The screams of townspeople had died down, giving me the assumption that they had all found some place to hide until the storm died down. Those terrified screams were the only thing that made me certain that storms weren't normally like this in Fantasia. This was probably the first bloody storm that had ever formed above the Silver City. Was it the first in the entire world? Was it happening anywhere else? A red flash of light appeared somewhere behind me, and I could hear something breaking... Possibly the recently repaired roof. A sudden shock on my fingers made me bring my hand back away from the metal, and I shook it back and forth to try and shake the stinging sensation away. \"Dang it, Brittany, just go !\" I shouted at myself, referring to my reluctance to go down the chute after my cousin. Just after I said this, a blood-curdling cackle behind me made a cold shiver run down my spine. I whipped my head around to see who, or what, was behind me, but all that I was able to see were two hands. There wasn't a person that they were attached to... just two hands. Two bloody hands. I would have started screaming at that sight alone, but the mysteriously floating hands pushed me down the chute before I had the chance. ","Summary":" For years, every part of my life had to be perfectly planned and far from childish. Steering clear "},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft: The Law of Three","Author":"Crashdog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1977839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The wind was dancing among the branches of oak, birch, maple, and a few stray pines. The trees swayed together to a tune only they could hear. Abram didn't remember walking into the woods, especially not at night without a flashlight. Even though the moon was full and could be glimpsed between passing clouds, Abram knew he should not be able to see everything so clearly in the dark. A possum was digging in some fallen leaves for bugs or if lucky a lizard. Raccoons were groping in the stream for mussels and crawfish. And there was a deer peacefully drinking as a trout swam quickly by. A dream, Abram should have realized sooner. There was something familiar about this forest, about this dream. The wind suddenly stopped blowing through the branches. The denizens of the forest grew still and silent. Abram's heart seemed to slow as he took in the change that had crept over the forest. The possum glared red-eyed at him. The raccoons sat up from their work watching him. The deer now stood like a sentinel staring straight at Abram. It was only now that Abram saw that it was a stag. The moon was framed in the stag's massive antlers. Abram did not remember the deer being so large. The beast's head rose above his own 5' 11\" frame. Years of backpacking, hiking, and canoeing had sculpted Abram's body until it was lean and hard. His straight black hair hinted at his mother's Cherokee blood, while his green eyes spoke of Abram's father's Irish heritage. The stag snorted, his breath visible in the fall night like twin steam engines puffing their exertion. Stomping loudly at the ground, the stag suddenly bolted deeper into the woods, the whitetail beckoning Abram to follow. Legs pumping, Abram chased after the animal. Often loosing site of the stag only to hear it crashing ahead, Abram struggled to keep up. His lungs crying in protest, Abram stopped to catch his breath. The forest was silent. Abram could not see or hear any sign of the mighty stag. Closing his eyes and holding his breath Abram strained his ears for any sound that might betray the location of the beast. Abram never questioned why he ran after the animal. In the dreamland one just does not ask such things. When the Faerie Godmother tells Cinderella that she must return before midnight or she will be turned into a pumpkin, does Cinderella ask, \"How come?\" No, because the Faerie Godmother would retort, \"Well if that is how you want it, then tell me 'how come' there is a Faerie land?\" A loud snorting broke the silence. Abram quietly made his way between trees toward the sound. As he rounded a large rock outcropping, Abram saw the mighty stag. He waited impatiently for Abram, first staring at Abram then turning to look at what appeared to be a clearing further ahead. As Abram came to the animal he reached out to stroke its fur. The stag's muscles tensed and flexed under Abram's hand. Snorting, the stag brushed its nose against Abram's shoulder. Nudging Abram toward the clearing, the stag seemed excited and anxious for Abram to enter it. As Abram drew closer to the clearing, he noticed the many ancient looking oaks, which formed a perimeter around it. The massive trunks and full branches seemed to be hiding or protecting whatever lay within the clearing. The light of the full moon cast an unnatural light within the clearing, yet Abram could not see within the sentinel of oaks. Touching one of the oaks, Abram's skin tingled with energy. He jerked his hand back looking up into the oak's branches, which spread out into the stars of the autumn night sky. Pausing for only a moment, Abram boldly stepped into the clearing. Blinding white light burned his eyes. Abram blinked furiously and tried to focus as the sun shone into his bedroom. Morning, his skin warmed by the sun, Abram fought to hold onto the fleeting images of his dream. Clumsily he grabbed for the pad and pencil he kept on his nightstand. Quickly jotting down images and thoughts before they escaped into the fleeing dreamland of his subconscious.[Chapter 2] Sarah slapped the off button on her alarm clock. She stretched in the warmth of her bed, a smile spreading across her lips. It has been a month since the showdown with Nancy, Bonnie, and Rochelle, a month since the nightmares. Recently her sleep has been wonderfully filled with peaceful dreams. Too bad the rest of her life was not as peaceful as her sleep. Bonnie and Rochelle did not bother her, not since that day. After Sarah gave them a little demonstration to prove she still had her powers. Bonnie and Rochelle avoided her like the plague. Despite that they were her only friends at school, Sarah was not quite ready to forgive them and make peace. So, it was back to being alone and a social outcast at school. Sarah sighed, the smile disappearing as quickly as it had appeared. Throwing the covers back, she grudgingly headed for the bathroom to get ready for school. After a quick shower and putting her school uniform on, Sarah chased the last bit of sleep away with a mug of coffee. Grabbing her books she yelled, \"Good-bye\", to her dad and went out the door. Sarah had taken to walking to and from school recently. She found the exercise relaxing and the scenery a good distraction from unpleasant memories. As she walked past the last stretch of woods before entering town, Sarah was snapped out of her musings by a crashing deep in the trees. Letting out a small gasp, she caught a quick glimpse of a white tail disappearing into the forest. Laughing at herself and felling a sense of deja vu, Sarah continued her walk to school. St. Benedicts School, with its giant crucifix above the main entrance, who would of guessed it for the hell it really was? Okay, maybe I am exaggerating a little, Sarah told herself. All right, I am exaggerating a lot, she confessed. While she got a few sneers and unfriendly stares from the less than discreet, most of the other students behave indifferent to her. A few had even begun to smile or give a heads-up in acknowledgment of Sarah's existence at school. Maybe it was the absence of Nancy Downs, or perhaps Sarah's spell for peace and harmony in her life that was creating the new mood at school. Maybe it was a little of both. Whatever the reasons, Sarah thanked Manon and kept her head up as she headed for her first period class. Distracted by her thoughts, Sarah did not notice as Abram stuttered, \"H-Hello, Sarah.\" when she passed him in the hall. Abram sighed. \"Real slick, moron.\" He chastised himself. \"Abram? Wow, long time no see.\" Bonnie chimed from behind him. \"Bonnie? Ah, yeah, I guess I haven't been too social for a while.\" Abram confessed. Abram grinned sheepishly. Remembering how he started avoiding both Bonnie and Rochelle when they started hanging out with Nancy. Nancy gave off some seriously bad vibes. Abram had recognized Nancy as a fellow Wiccan almost immediately. When Bonnie, Rochelle, and Nancy started calling the corners together, Bonnie had suggested Abram join them. But Nancy squelched that idea as soon as Bonnie uttered it. Perhaps she sensed Abram as strongly as he did her. \"Don't worry about it, Abram. Rochelle and I haven't exactly been calling lately. You're not in my French class, so what are you doing here?\" Bonnie asked with a hint of suspicion in her voice. \"Ah, I was just...um.\" Abram's face started feeling warm. He looked quickly into the classroom at Sarah and back at Bonnie. Bonnie broke into a big grin. \"You're stalking Sarah aren't you.\" She ribbed him. Abram looked startled at Bonnie, and started laughing as he realized she was joking. They both laughed and looked at Sarah. Sarah could feel someone staring at her. She looked up from her book and around the classroom then out the door. Her eyes widened as she met Bonnie and some guy's gaze. Feeling defensive she scowled and sent a little magical nudge their way. 'It wasn't nice to stare' she told herself. The guy's eyes grew slightly larger and suddenly narrowed at Sarah. \"Oww!,\" she yelped. She felt as if someone had shoved her in the chest as her magic was repelled by the guy. Or was it Bonnie who had repelled it? 'Oh this was not good,' Sarah thought, 'not good at all.' Bonnie and Abram exchanged shocked glances. Bonnie was about to ask Abram what had happened when the bell rang. \"I gotta go,\" Abram said running down the hall to his own class. Bonnie stared after him, then quickly found her seat. She nervously looked at Sarah and wished she hadn't when she saw the frown on Sarah's face. \"Great, just what I needed. Sarah getting angrier at me than she already is,\" Bonnie griped under her breath.[Chapter 3] Bonnie felt as if Sarah were staring at her the entire class. Trying to put it out of her mind, Bonnie thought about Abram instead. They had been friends for as long as Bonnie could remember, almost as long as her and Rochelle. Abram had been there when the 'accident' happened. He was the only one besides Bonnie who knew what really caused the fire that scarred her so long ago. She instinctively ran her hand over her arm and shoulder. Her skin was soft and smooth, now. \"Thank you, Manon.\" She said under her breath. Bonnie had gotten an Ouja board for her birthday. She and Abram had decided to try and call a spirit that night. They'd met in the shed behind her house at midnight. Using only candles for light, their shadows danced against the walls as they closed their eyes and began to chant. \"Hail to the guardians of the watchtowers, hear us...\" The air seemed charged with power making it hard to breathe. They looked nervously at one another and continued. \"We call on the spirit world, we summon you. Speak to us, we command you.\" The pointer began to move beneath their fingers. They opened their eyes. \"Are you here, spirit?\" Bonnie asked nervously. The pointer slid to \"Yes\". \"What is you name, spirit?\" Slowly it spelled out d-e-v-a-s-t-a-t-o-r. \"That's not funny, Bonnie.\" Abram said between clenched teeth. \"I'm not doing it.\" She whispered. She was visibly shaking. The air in the room seemed to thicken and grow colder. Abram's breathing became heavier and faster. Bonnie looked over to see if he was okay only to see what had haunted her for months afterward. Abram's eyes were rolled back, his face in a grimace. Faster and faster he breathed, his body growing stiff. \"Help me!\" he choked. His face strained as he fought against the spirit, which tried to claim his body. \"Let him go!\" Bonnie screamed, shaking Abram by the shoulders. \"By the powers of Earth, Air, Water, & Fire, I command you to let him go!\" Abram stopped breathing, his eyes rolled forward to glare at Bonnie. \"Did you say Fire?\" Abram croaked, or rather the being now controlling him. A sickening grin spread across his face. In a blur, Abram struck out knocking Bonnie backward sending her, the Ouja board, and candles flying across the shed. Flames burst as the candles landed in a pile of rags. Bonnie lay stunned, unable to get up. The flames spread toward her, her clothes catching fire. Abram rolled and convulsed on the floor fighting to be free of the spirit. It was Bonnie's screams that gave Abram the strength to cast the being out. Disoriented Abram crawled to Bonnie. Removing his coat he beat at the flames. Bonnie had passed out from the pain. Abram drug Bonnie out of the shed, her body still smoking. Lights came on in the house. Bonnie's parents shouting her name as they made their way through the house in confusion. Abram looked at Bonnie and then the shed, which was now consumed in flames. Panicked he ran into the night leaving Bonnie on the lawn for her parents to find. It would be months before Abram came to visit Bonnie in the hospital. Tears in his eyes he pled for her forgiveness kneeling by her bed. Painfully Bonnie had placed her hand on his head, telling him it wasn't his fault. Telling him he had saved her life. It would be months later before Bonnie actually believed it. The bell rang, bringing Bonnie back to the now. A tear fell down her cheek as she grabbed her books and left. Sarah sat staring at Bonnie's empty seat. Feeling a little guilty for reasons she didn't understand, she wondered what Bonnie had been daydreaming about during class that would upset her so much. Maybe it was time to start making amends with Bonnie and Rochelle. Maybe it was time to find out who that guy was that she'd seen Bonnie with before class. As she gathered her books, Sarah said a quick spell of protection. \"Elements of the Sun, Elements of the Day, Come this way. Powers of night and day, I summon thee. I call upon thee, To protect me, So shall it Be.\" Sarah would not be unprepared next time she ran into that guy. He had powers, but how strong were they? Or perhaps a better question was what would he do with them? ","Summary":" The wind was dancing among the branches of oak, birch, maple, and a few stray pines. The trees sway"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"My dream Luck dragon","Author":"AbiNotNormal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5273299","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chaptern1: A stupid children's story \" We're not really going innthere, are we?\" my voice breaks a little and the worry is evident,nbut I should be ok, May hasn't noticed. \" Yeah! It's closing down and mynmum wants some books for her birthday. Come Ali, I'll only takenfive minutes I swear!\" She looks at me, and smiles, knowing I can'tnnot say no to her when it's about her family, they're always kindnto me. I sigh and take a deep breath andnforce a smile, thinking I could get something in that shop to, mynmind pushing back all my memories of previous. \" Come on then.\" I can barelynkeep up with her quick skip towards the doors and as soon as mynfingers touch that familiar, yet alien wood, it's like ten years ofnavoiding it we're really something I shouldn't have done. Even as the wind comes in with us,nthose familiar scents fill my nostrils. The smell of old books mixednwith new books, the cinnamon polish used to clean the shelves, thenmints that were kept for the buyers on the table, the tobacco fromnthe pipe Mr. Coriander used to smoke. And just as the last one fillsnmy senses, the devil himself spoke. \" Hello Alice.\" Mr. Coriandernsaid in that familiar warm voice that made me want to leap at him andnhug him like I used to. Luckily I'd grown out of that phase andnsimply gave him a smile. \" Hello Mr. Coriander.\" I said,nnot really sounding to warm to the old guy. I missed him terribly,nbut I don't want to go back to the way I was. I can't. \" Just looking around or trying tonfind something in particular?\" He smiles and I see his moustachentwitch a little, letting me know he knows that I know what he reallynis talking about. \" I'm just here for a friend, I'mnnot staying to long.\" I try to sound unemotional as possible andnnot feed his curiosity. He frowns a little, almost as if he wasnexpecting another me to answer his questions. \" Ok. Look around all you want.nTell me if you need anything.\" And just like that, he turned fromnus and carried on stalking different books upon each other. I turnnback to see May scanning her eyes over some books, paying nonattention to what thy are, but actually judging the look of them byntheir cover. I glance at my watch and sigh, not out of relief though. \" Well, I don't have to be homenfor another two hours. Looks like your stuck with me.\" I look atnMay, who looks at me with her friendly warm eyes. \" Good thing you have free time.\"nMay smiled, trying not to draw attention to the fact that I alwaysnhad free time. Ever since my parents died, I was living with myngrandma, but she was always visiting friends so her three-weeknvacation meant I had plenty of time on my hands. I smiled back andnexplored my old territory. I saw the old fantasy section that was mynhome away from home. I ran my fingers along the spines of my oldnfriends in the ghost and horror stories section. I even played withnthe adult section I could never reach as a child but what I wasnalways curious about. I pulled a cover out halfway but decidednagainst pulling it out and reading it, not really interested in 'sexnscandals of the 15 th century.' I made itnto the front of the store and ran my hand along dusty covers, findingnallsorts of old and torn up books. I smiled at Gulliver's travelsnand made an insignia in dust on Blackbird in silver. My hand wanderednonto a book I couldn't read because of the dust, but the feeling isnsent up my arm made me freeze where I was. It didn't matter mentrying to deny I'd found it or even walk away, it'd still claimnme. I swept the dust of cautiously and sure enough, not only was thentitle still as clear as day, but so to where the snakes on the frontncover which made the symbol of the childlike empress. I'd found thenNever-ending story again. Or better yet, it had found me. I must havenbeen staring at the cover pretty long and letting my emotions shownbecause Mr. Coriander had now positioned himself in front of me andnwas giving me an all knowing look. \" Ah, I see you still have your oldntaste's Alice.\" The old man glanced to where I was staring andnback at my face, which seemed to have drained of colour. \" What is it Ali?\" May glanced upnquickly before roaming her eyes back along the books below her. \" It's only a story. A sillynchildren's story.\" I said, void of all emotion. \" Then I suppose young miss, younwouldn't be interested in the fact that these books are free?\"nThe man's eyes glistened with some hidden knowledge. I saw May turnnto us and the lollipop pulled from her mouth. \" Free? Really? You mean we canntake these books?\" She sounded surprised and eager, no doubt, stillnclutching onto the Romance novels she held to her waist. \" Yes. There so old and no-onenwants to buy them because they look all torn up and filthy. You canntake as many as you can carry.\" And with a confident andnmischievous smile, he turned away and headed into his back room tonfetch some more books. I glanced at May who was hurriedly scoopingnher selection of books up in her arms, but my attention was drawnnback to the book on the table, which seemed to glow as if itnanticipated an explosion at any moment, excitement at me picking itnup again. I let my fingers drift over the symbol of the AURYN on thencover and felt a spark of what I blamed as an electric shock. Maynlooked at me, arms full of books for herself and others, her lollipopnhanging out of her mouth and furrowed her brow in concern. \" Hey Ali, you ok? You not going tonpick up that book?\" She said, a tinge of hope and anticipation innher voice as if she would snatch up the book if I didn't; and fornsome reason, that thought made my heart hurt, so I grabbed the booknand held it too my chest, desperately trying to hide the swarm ofnemotions flood over me as I id so. May merely looked sad for anmoment, before shrugging and continuing her search for more stories,nturning her back on me, which in turn allowed me to glanced down andnlet the emotions take over my face. I stared at the book in awe as ifnwhat I had just done went against my better judgement, which it had.nI resisted the urge to open the book just yet, in fear that Inwouldn't know what would happen if I did and the knowledge that Inshouldn't open it until I got home, excited butterflies that Inhadn't felt in years swimming inside my stomach. ' Ali.' A voice called out and atnfirst I thought it was Becky, but when I looked she still had hernback to me. ' Help.' Another voice caught mynattention and I turned around fully to investigate the store; it wasnempty void of May and I. ' You have to return. Save us.' Inthought I was going mad, but blamed Mr. Coriander, because he hadndisappeared round a corner and liked to play tricks like that. ' Ali, please, save us.' Thisntime the voice was so quiet I almost didn't hear it, but it soundednso familiar it tugged at my heart and memories. That's when Inrealised the voices where coming from inside the book I held. Instared down at it and it was only Becky's voice that could havenbroken me out of my trance. \" Her Ali! You ok?\" I looked upnand saw May before me, her face full of worry but not so much she putnown her lollipop. I knew what had to be done, but I was scared to donit; I just needed to be alone. \" Actually, I'm feeling a littlenlight-headed, tell your parents I won't be able to sleep round,nsorry.\" I darted out of the shop, barely hearing May's call fornprotest, raving home and passed the people giving me strange looks,nmostly because I still clutched the book to me; as a shield and thenonly item I had that my life depended on. When I ran up the stairs tonmy room, the voices became louder and more desperate, all the morendifficult to ignore to brush off. When I opened the door I placed thenbook on my desk and distanced myself from it, eyes glued to the nownglowing front cover. ' Ali, you're the only one whoncan save us.' I threw myself on my bed, notnbothering to change out of my jeans and dress, and buried my headndeep into my pillow, trying to muffle the voices I could here. \" Come back.\" \" Stay!\" \" Help us!\" \" Ali.\" I turned over and stared at thenceiling, the voices became unbearable and I felt hot tearsnthreatening to spill. \" Please! Save us!\" The lastnvoice chimed, to recognisable to ignore. \" ALRIGHT! I'LL DO IT! I'MnCOMING! I SWEAR I'LL HELP YOU!\" My voice shrieked as I jumped outnof bed and threw myself across the room. The voices I heard callingnfrom the book, begging for help I could no longer ignore: the voicesnof my friends, whether or not they were figments of my imagination. Indidn't even bother to sit down; my hands grabbed the book andnopened it at the beginning, feeling the cover of the object of thenAURYN burn against my skin, as if trying to attach it to me. Anblinding light filled my senses and I didn't scream as I felt mynboy go numb. Everything was so bright and welcoming that when itnbecame dark I wondered what could have gone wrong, when I stumblednupon the fact my eyes were tightly shut. I felt warm grass beneath mynfeet and warm sunshine on my face and covered my eyes with my hands,nbefore opening them slowly. It was a habit I had since I was a child;ndrawing out the unexpected, but when I uncovered my eyes, the sightnthat greeted me was definitely one I expected.[Chapter 2] Chaptern2: old friends What I saw made my heart stop andnsomersault throughout my body. There were the fields I recognised,nthat were so real, the beautiful lakes and the animals and peoplenrunning about happily. But the large castle what stood in the middlenmade tears roll own my cheeks; the ivory tower was just as beautifulnas I remembered. Light spewed out from the front and I was almostnblinded when I looked directly into it. I couldn't control my feetnas I walked towards it, wanting to break into a run but my poundingnheart and lack of oxygen filling my lungs prevented me from doing so.nAs I made my way to the steps of the first level, I could hear gaspsnfrom people standing around me, creatures of such grotesque beautynand wonderful shapes where recognizing me as a human child, one thatnhad left them years ago. An outsider to their peaceful realm. A thinnshard of light, just enough to surround a group of two stood beforenme and I knew what I needed to do. I stepped forward and waited,nremembering the pleasant tingly feeling of the light surrounding menand transporting me to the top of the tower, in a matter of seconds.nI stepped out again and saw the doors which opened up to me like theynwhere welcoming me and stepped inside. There, seated on a chair andnsmiling at me, was the childlike empress. At first, neither of usnmoved, just looked at each other. Had it been so long? Finally shenstood and stepped closer and I kicked myself forward to, standing anfew inches away from her, encase she might shatter and become andream. The childlike empress slowly touchednmy cheek and smiled, tears filling her own eyes. \"I am so gladnyou're here with us.\" Her sweet voice sounded like a thousandnbells tinkling and was like tasting honey for the first time again. \" Your majesty.\" My voice wasnhoarse from the crying but I remembered my etiquette and I began tonbow slowly, when she threw her arms around my neck and I realised, wenwere still the same height. I'd never grown much in height andneveryone always thought I was a child at first glance, but at secondnlooks people would take into account what I really looked like. Instood for a few seconds and then felt my heart jolt my memories ofnthis girl and flung my arms around her. \" I'm so happy to see you!\" Hernvoice sounded like she was choking own tears and I felt a warm wetnliquid against my shoulder blade. \" I'm so happy to see you,\" Inwhispered in her ear, still believing this to be a dream. She pullednback and wiped away her tears, doing the same to mine and leading menby the hand. \"There's someone down stairsnwaiting for you.\" The childlike empress smiled sweetly andnwalked beside me. as we ventured downstairs I remembered all thentimes she could tell when things where happening or what was about tonhappen and was amazed at her knowledge of everything. She knew mynworld as if it was her own and stated things back to me that I nevernknew. As we reached the doorway which opened up like a flower, Ingasped as I saw a familiar sight and quickly bid my farewell to thenchildlike empress. I rushed down the steps as the old dragon smilednat me and roared happily. \" FALKOR!\" I yelled and rushed tonthe dragon laid out along the entry's floor. I ran down thenremaining steps and sprinted towards him, stopping inches from hisnface. \" Well, hop on.\" He winked at menand gave me a smile that melted my heart. All fear and betternjudgement, every sensible part of me was pushed away as my 5-year-oldnself-kicked in and sprang onto his back like nothing had changed. Itnwasn't until I felt us lift off that I thought maybe it wasn'tnsuch a wise choice.[Chapter 3] Chaptern3: recalling the first wish \" Not so faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaast!\"nI yelled from the back of Valkors', burying my face in his fur, notnwanting to look down at the scenery below. \" Open your eyes child and see whatnyou've been missing out on!\" His deep voice was followed by anchuckle and roar of power I'd heard many times before. I trustednhis voice and gripped onto his hair for dear life as I ventured anlook in front of me. I saw the familiar sights of passingnmountaintops and clouds whizzing past us and ventured a look over thenside. Below us past fields of golden rye and green grass and streams,nsights that seemed to wave to me from below. We passed many greatnsights and I waved to figures below as they waved their arms in thenair at me. Soaring high through the clouds, onnthe back of my back of me luck dragon, I couldn't help but cry,nlaugh and smile, all at the same time. The wind rushed past my earsnas Falkor plummeted downwards and slowed down to land. As he plonkedndown on the ground softly, I stayed still for a while, trying toncontrol my tears which were rapidly increasing. \" Ali, why are you crying?\" camenthe voice as I descended from his back. For a moment I stood by hisnside content at just my hand lightly stroking his fur, but my heartncouldn't take it anymore. I rushed up to his side and clung to hisnear, whimpering at the thought of him being so close and real. \" I'm so happy, Valkor. I'mnjust so happy.\" I cried not caring about anything else. I couldn'tnsee his face, but I felt his ear respond by lightly pressing back andncurling around me like a shield and soothing my tears. I moved aroundnslightly and cuddled his nose, looking into his wonderfully largeneyes. \" Do you remember my dreams when Inwas little? After my mum told me the bedtime stories of you, I wouldndream of everyone in fantasia. And you were always there on ournadventures.\" I looked into his lovely eyes, which made me want tonhug him forever. \" Of course. I love our adventures.nWe would fly high above Fantasia and wave down to everyone below.nSometimes I could feel you shaken and clinging to my fur as if younwould fall off, but what did I always say?\" His sweet voice andnsmile made me recount my dreams and that wonderful quip of his tonreassure me. \" I will never let you fall,nremember we have luck on our side.\" I smiled back and scratched thenspot behind his ear. His deep laughter made my heart fill with joy asnI remembered the sound was one of the most pleasant noises in thenworld. \" Indeed, you remember it well! Itnseems I shall have to get a new one!\" He nudged me happily with hisnnose and I scratched his nose to. Suddenly the important idea in mynmind made me remember what I was saying. \" I remember one dream more thannthe rest.\" The sadness in my voice was evident to him that I wasnbeing serious and his brow furrowed worriedly. I took a breath andncontinued, determined to get it off my chest. So I began thatnhorrible yet wonderful dream. \" I was at home with my mum and dadnand they were talking to a man I didn't know. He had a moustachenand when I was younger I never liked men with moustache's becausenthey reminded me of my horrible schoolmaster.\" I looked up andnsmiled at his warm yet concerned look. \" When he saw me lookingnover the stairs he said something in another tongue, but the way hensaid it made my blood boil. I may have only been 5, but I stillndidn't like him, and I told him exactly so. After I yelled at him,nhe looked really angry and I saw my mum and dad had just disappeared.nHis face became angry and disfigured and he made his way up thenstairs. Whenever I dream, I still can't run fast, but I remembernbeing so scared I ran for my life. I ran straight to my brothers roomnand shut the door, knowing there wasn't a lock and seeing him justnturn to reach the top of the stairs and into the hallway. I lookednaround and hid in my closet, my safe place, which was so big and fullnof clothes I thought I'd be invisible. I wasn't. I waited as Insaw the door opened and he knew exactly where I was. I lifted my headnup from my knees and dug my nails into them instead. I remember beingnso scared of this man and not knowing what he'd do to me wasnfrightening. As soon as he reached out and grabbed my shoulder, Inknew there was only one thing to do. I called for you. I actuallynshouted your name. I was crying so hard but I still done it.\" Tearsndescended on my face, but I made no move to wipe them, as they werennot stopping. \"And when I looked at the man he was slowlyndisappearing from my room, a look of horror on his face, staring atnthe window. When I looked I could see nothing but purple and grey skynat first and then I could see something in the distance. Somethingnlarge and white flying towards me. I always use to think you lookednlike you were swimming through the sky and you always lookednbeautiful.\" I choked on my tears and clenched my fists determinednto finish what I always held true in my heart. \"I knew you wouldnsave me. I believed in you and you came and I felt safe. I never feltnlike that with anyone else, in dreams or awake. You were always thenone to come for me when I was in trouble. I even called you my dreamnluck dragon.\" I threw my face into his fur and sobbed to my heartsncontent, happy in the knowledge this was real for me. \" I missed you so much Valkor.\" Insaid, wiping my tears into his fur and kissing his ear as I hadnalways done. \" Glad to know I was missed.\" Hisnwarm eyes smiled at me, brimming with his own tears. I hugged himntighter and refused to let go for the moment. \" Of course I missed you! I missednyou so much!\" I rubbed my face deep into his cheek and smelled hisnscent of magic and fresh air. \" Did you miss me as much?\" Anvoice from behind made me turn around as I recognised it innocently.nThat same boy who stood by his horse and always wore a big smilenbehind his long hair. I froze and smiled; not believing the boy Inloved like a proper brother was standing a few feet from me. I saidnhis name, wanting to feel it on my tongue again. \" Atreyu.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: The warrior child \" Atreyu!\" I shrieked happily, running and throwing my arms around the young man before me. He faltered for a second before laughing happily and picking me up and swinging me around. \" I missed you too Ali!\" His voice was so wonderful to hear, it was like listening to a chorus of children laughing; so warm and happy. He carefully stopped and let me down, but didn't remove his arms from around me. That familiar warmth of his I'd always loved. \"I've come back.\" I smiled warmly at him and could almost feel more tears springing forth. Atreyu merely smiled that smile and chuckled as he took my hand and pulled me away from Falkor. \"I can see. And I know someone else that can see to.\" Atreyu gazed in front and I followed his line of vision, gasping and smiling wildly at what I saw. Or better yet. who I saw. \" Artax! Oh my gosh, you're just how I remember boy!\" I ran towards the familiar horse and hugged Artax' nose happily, planting a kiss on his mane, which he neighed and buried his snout in my shoulder as a reply. \"I missed you too.\" I giggled and stroked Artax lightly on the side of his head, looking into those deep eyes that knew exactly what I meant. Out of the corner of my eye, whilst I was reminscing silently with Artax, I could could Atreyu just watching with a large smile on his face. I turned to him and smiled back. \"You've changed.\" I watched him study me slowly, his movements a little different to how he was when I last saw him. He had grown into a young man, no doubt about that. \"So have you. Though you still haven't grown much,\" he strolled over and rubbed my head playfully like he'd always done, \"you're still a cute little shorty.\" \"I still see you haven't had a haircut yet.\" I stuck my tongue out like I was 5 again and loved his loud laugh. \" If I remember correctly, you used to think I was a girl with this hair!\" He exclaimed through laughs, his hands on his hips, looking like he didn't have a care in the world; definitely Atreyu. Naturally, my arms flew around his neck again for yet another hug. I tried not to cry, but the tears just rolled down my eyes onto his shoulder. \"I'm glad you came back.\" Atreyu whispered against my ear, his tone low but his own arms encircling my shoulders made me feel safe and secure. I don't know how long we stayed that way, but Falkor's pleasant chuckle drew me out of the trance and I pulled back to gaze at him. \"I hate to get in the middle of such a nice sight, but I'm afraid I have to go. Places to fly and people to greet.\" Falkor said cheerfully and scrunched his eyes at me like a wise old man. I slowly came towards him and gave him one last hug. \"Don't worry, you'll see me again. But, before I go,\" he twitched his ear to get my attention, \"I have a scratch right there.\" I chuckled and scratched his ear vigourously, memorising his moan of relief as the itch went. Slowly, I stepped back, Atreyu coming to stand by my side as we watched Falkor take off and fly high into the sky and over the mountains. \"Come on,\" Atreyu said, walking back to Artax and mounting him, \"we have somewhere to go now also.\" \"Where are we going?\" I looked at Atreyu's extended hand and took it, hoping onto Artex' back, my arms slipping comfortably around Atreyu's stomach. \"You think I would come get you just to leave you here? My family can not wait to see you again.\" Atreyu said and before I could let out a happy reply, he snapped Artex' ranes purposefully hard and Artex rode off as fast as he could go. \"Not so FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAST!\" I squealed, burying my face into Atreyu's back and clinging onto him for dear life, the second time I'd done that today. \"The quicker we go, the quicker we're there!\" I heard him laugh over the wind rushing past my ears, \"if you can survive a flight on Falkor, i'm sure you can survive a ride on Artax!\" I peeked open my eyes, knowing he was somewhat right and shuffled my head to get a better view. The landscape whizzed past my vision and I clung onto Atreyu, excitement bubbling in my stomach as we finally neared a familiar sight. His village that I once thought of as a second home.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5: the old families \" I remember first coming here. I was scared as my mum told me of some Indians scalping people who weren't them because they were scared. But then your mother came over and she picked me up and swung me like my granddad used to and I knew I was safe.\" I smiled and stared at a spot as my mind drifted back to the pleasant memories. After getting off Artax and walking to the small entrance of the village, my heart was gripped and everything was slowly becoming wild and dizzy. A small, reassuring squeeze on my hand brought me back to reality and I looked at Atreyu's face. Something infront caught his eye and he smiled mischievously at what was to come. \" Better watch out, she looks ready to do it again.\" He turned to see my puzzled expression, before a familiar voice filled my ears. \" Ali!\" I turned and saw an entire bustle of woman and girls running towards me, the small, plump woman at the front opening her arms and welcoming me back. \" Ali! Little seed!\" Was all I could catch, before she gathered me in her arms and lifted me up as if I weighed nothing at all. My name came from my stories of my mother and how she called me pumpkin or flower and when the chief of the village announced I would always be there small adventurer and that I'd eventually bloom into something bigger, the name little seed stuck. I smiled and tried to breath as more women clapped their arms around me and planted kisses on my head and face. \" How you have grown!\" One woman chimed happily and smoothed down my hair, feeling the change of length and colour. \" You've become a young woman!\" \" How we've missed you!\" \" Has anything happened? Have you been well?\" All these voices and so many more became one big mess and I tried to comprehend all that they were saying, some still speaking in the old language I had long forgotten. It was wonderful and unbearable at the same time. All too much. I looked towards where Atreyu was and it was like someone had placed a bag over my head as blackness enclouded my vision. The last thing I saw was Atreyu's worried expression as he rushed towards me, before the darkness in my mind pulled me down.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6: Growing up I remembered passing out. I remember warm voices calling to me and being lifted into familiar arms and placed on a warm bed. When the darkness over my mind began to lift and I stopped dreaming, I could feel everything slowly coming back to me. I moved my body, surprised at how light everything felt and heard a small shifting next to me. \"Ali.\" That warm voice called to me. I opened my eyes, my hand reaching towards the cooling cloth on my forehead and holding it there as my vision adjusted to the candlelit hut. The blurry vision of a figure wasn't too clear, but I knew who it was straight away. \"Atreyu. I'm sorry.\" I said, my voice scratch and hoarse from the lack of water. Almost on que, Atreyu moved and grabbed a cup for me, helping me sit up. I felt a little weak, but that warm arm wrapped around my shoulders and passing me that cup, made me feel like nothing could get me. \"First time coming back and you faint in front of everyone. They were all thinking they'd done something wrong.\" Atreyu snickered as I choked on my water in shock and had to cough up the best I could. \"I...I didn't mean to. I'm sorry.\" I wiped away the tears from my eyes and finally managed to talke again. Gazing at his face, those gentle, cheerful eyes looked at me with a seriousness I'd never seen. \"I was kidding. You had me terribly worried. I managed to get to you but...,\" he seemed to think for a moment, casting his eyes away from me and to his feet, \"I know it's been a busy time and you have to adjust but...do not frighten me like that again. I never thought I'd see you again and you go do something like that. It...frightened me.\" I gazed at his solemn, faraway expression, his words breaking whatever shield I had held up around my heart from all those years away. I didn't know what to say, but I knew what I had to do. Placing on of my hands on his shoulder, I turned his attention back to and hugged him with all my might. \"I'm sorry I stayed away so long, I just...I...didn't want to go back and find it was not real.\" I pulled back and shamefully looked down at my feet, my eyes not willing to look into his. His hand on my cheek was firm and gentle as he guided my face back up to look at him. \"You've changed so much.\" He spoke to me and he wasn't sad or happy about what he'd just said, he'd just stated what was fact. \" I grew up. Not much, but I did.\" I sighed against the warm hand on my cheek, and looked up into the sad eyes of the warrior child. \" It may have only been a while for me, but it felt horrible not having my best friend here.\" His voice made my heart ache and I just wanted to hug him better, but my stubborn, rational mind was starting to kick in again. \" I still have some growing up to do Atreyu, everyone needs to. I lost most of my innocence a while ago.\" I looked away blushing; ashamed at the numerous boyfriends' I had been with or the first time I smoked a cigarette and drank alcohol. I couldn't see him, but I felt his gaze on me as he continued to argue. \" Then grow up, but do it here. Please. I couldn't bear to not go on anymore adventures with you.\" His voice sounded unsure, as if he didn't know these were the right words to say, as if he wanted to say something that was completely Un-Atreyu to say. \" Don't ask me to do that please.\" I closed my eyes and let tears fall, which I seemed to be doing a lot that day. \" Why?\" His voice was begging for answers and pleading with me, so I couldn't refuse him the truth. I swallowed the lump in my throat and stared at him through watery eyes. \" Because I'm already staying and hoping this isn't a dream.\" I managed to say in one sentence, hoping that my words didn't hurt him. Instead he done something I never expected. He smiled and kissed me. A kiss that was so different from any kiss I had that it made my tears fall even more. It was like I had never been kissed and it felt beyond wonderful. I couldn't even put into words what it was but I remember my butterflies in my stomach again, like whenever I went on stage for the first time. It was so innocent and pure and I never wanted it to end. Atreyu's soft press was gone and I felt a sudden loneliness without his, but his warm, quick breath on mine reminded me to breath and when I did, I t was like being hit by a tidal wave. His eyes held some uncertainty as if he didn't know what he had done was right, but I was sure I looked like I was slowly drowning or sleepwalking because he smiled and placed his other hand against my opposite cheek, placing his forehead against mine. His soft chuckling made me come out of my stupor and I gazed at him, smiling like a fool. \"What?\" \"It's just,\" he pulled back but did not distance his face too much from mine, \"my mother is waiting outside and I can hear her talking about the wedding.\" \"Oh? What wedding?\" I asked, wanting to kiss him they way he'd just done so, again. \"Ours.\" ","Summary":" Chaptern1: A stupid children's story \" We're not really going innthere, are we?\" my voice breaks "},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"2nd Time Around","Author":"meguhanu","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3160882","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 2ND TIME AROUND CHAPTER 1 One of the riders from the Grassy Ocean opened the tent flap. He was covered in black mud. \"I have grave news,\" he said. Atreyu and the Village Elder looked at him with questioning looks. \"What is it?\" asked the Elder. \"Morla The Ancient One is dying,\" he said. Atreyu had shivers go down his spine. He remembered her. She had given Atreyu information on who he should go to to get some advice on how to stop the Nothing. \"What is it you propose to do? There's nothing we can do if she's dying,\" stated Atreyu. \"Well, she never gets visitors, so I suggest one of us go to her and say farewell and hopes she has a nice journey into the afterlife,\" said the rider. \"That's a good idea. Who has been to see her before?\" asked The Elder. The rider and Elder both looked at Atreyu. \"Don't go there,\" said Atreyu. \"I know, but this time, you know what's in store,\" said the Elder. \"What's in store?\" asked Atreyu getting mad. \"Last time I was in the Swamps Of Sadness, Artax died and I almost drowned,\" he said. \"What can we do to get you to go?\" asked the rider. \"Nothing because I'm not going,\" said Atreyu. He stomped out of the tent and over to his horse, Artax, who was tied up near his tent. He was tacked up. Artax looked at his rider. He whinnied a little shoving Atreyu. Atreyu smiled at his white horse. \"It's ok,\" he said. Artax looked at him with his huge kind eyes as if to say \"What's wrong? You can tell me.\" \"Morla is dying and Elder wants me to go and wish her Good-bye for our people,\" said Atreyu. Artax neighed with horror. \"I know boy. It's ok,\" said Atreyu. He walked into his tent and slumped on his bed made of buffalo skin. He sighed inwardly. He put his hands on his face until he was asleep. A few hours later, he woke to neighing outside his tent. He bolted up and ran outside to find Artax rearing up. \"Whoa boy,\" said Atreyu as he grabbed the laced reins. \"Easy. Calm down. What's wrong?\" asked Atreyu. Artax stomped his leg. Atreyu looked to the side and saw The Childlike Empress herself riding a white unicorn. \"Moon Child,\" said Atreyu bowing. She still looked exaclty as she did when Atreyu had met her to tell her that he had failed. \"My son,\" she said as she dismounted. \"You look the same,\" she said. \"As do you,\" replied Atreyu. \"I know you had a hard life, but now another is ending. Please take this and go to Morla,\" she said. Around her neck she wore Auryn. Moon Child took off the necklace and clasped it around Atreyu's neck. He felt a surge of energy go through him in a protective embrace. Moon Child smiled at Atreyu as she mounted her unicorn and headed back to the Ivory Tower. The whole village had watched the scene. Everyone whispered to themselves until Elder shooed them away. \"You have protection now. Will you go?\" asked Elder. Atreyu looked up at him. His eyes were full of determination. He mounted Artax and took off to the Swamps of Sadness, much to Artax;s dismay.[Chapter 2] Second Time Around Chapter 2 It took Atreyu and Artax 2 days top get to the Swamps Of Sadness. While galloping over a hill, Artax stopped. Both horse and rider looked out over the black swamp. Before going one step further, Atreyu took off Auryn and put it around Artax's neck…for protection. \"No way am I going to loose you again,\" said Atreyu. He patted his horse and slowly made their way into the marsh. Artax didn't sink in above his ankles. Within one hour, both made it to Morla. Atreyu dismounted Artax. \"I'll be right back,\" he said. Walking in the mud, Atreyu climbed Morla's back and called out her name. Unlike last time, Atreyu was waiting on the ground so he wouldn't slide down her back and get all full of mud again. Atreyu and Artax waited until her muddy head came out to breathe. \"What do you want?\" she asked. Artax reared in fright. \"Easy boy,\" said Atreyu, calming down his horse. Morla saw that he had the Auryn. \"Well, it looks like someone else is wearing the Auryn,\" she said. \"Why aren't you wearing it?\" she said. \"Long story,\" said Atreyu, wanting to get back on the subject he was sent for. \"We know you're dying,\" said Atreyu. \"Huh. We all die in the end. It's natural,\" said Morla. \"Just go away and leave me in peace,\" she said. \"Morla,\" said Atreyu, walking forward, but then she sneezed and sent Atreyu flying backwards into the mud. \"Some things never change,\" he said as he got up. He brushed some of the mud off. He was about to retaliate, but Morla's head was already back down in the swamp. Atreyu sighed. He bowed in courtesy. \"Farewell Morla,\" he said. He looked at Artax. \"Come on boy. Let's get home,\" he said as he led the horse out of the swamp. He didn't get on the horse because no one wants mud on their saddles. Once out, they found a stream and cleaned up. Atreyu had made sure all the mud was off of his skin and brown skinned pants. Afterwards, he took Auryn off Artax and clasped it around his neck. Night fell and Atreyu was all dried and cleaned up. \"We'll spend the night here and then in the morning, we'll ride,\" said Atreyu to Artax. Artax nodded his head. In the middle of the night, Artax, who had been grazing nearby, pricked his ears up. He had heard something. He looked this way and that. \"Run away,\" said an evil voice. Artax did as he was told and galloped away. Atreyu woke with a start hearing Artax run off. \"ARTAX!\" shouted Atreyu, who couldn't see a thing in the pitch black. Gmork watched the scene. Slowly, he walked up behind Atreyu and then pounced with all his might. Atreyu didn't know what had pounced him. He tried kicking, but it was no use. Whatever had jumped him had him pinned good. Atreyu felt blood run down his shoulder. He knew he had been wounded. \"Hello, Atreyu remember me?\" asked Gmork. \"Gmork?\" asked Atreyu in terrible fear.[Chapter 3] 2nd Time Around Chapter 3 Atreyu was pinned under the vampire/werewolf. \"Long time no see,\" said Gmork through his razor sharp fangs. \"I killed you,\" said Atreyu, struggling to get the 200-300 pound animal off his body. \"Stop struggling. It's useless,\" said Gmork. \"As for killing me, when that fool boy, Bastian, wished Fantasia back, I came back from the grave. You can thank him for that. All this time, I've been searching for you…to kill you as I should have did last time we met,\" said Gmork, his foul breath going into Atreyu's nose. Atreyu coughed and breathed heavily. \"I won't go die without a fight,\" said Atreyu. \"Same as always, foolish boy,\" said Gmork. Atreyu tried kicking Gmork, but Gmork just laughed. \"Feels ticklish,\" he answered. Atreyu's eyes went wide when Gmork bit down on Atreyu's leg and hurled him into the air. Atreyu flew in the air until his petite body landed in the Swamps of Sadness. Atreyu groaned as he looked around. \"I hate this place,\" said Atreyu. He looked forward as he saw a big black mass coming towards him in the mud. Atreyu, now covered in mud, tried to hide behind one of the trees. Fresh blood poured from his leg and stained his pants. His hand he put over the wound as he slid down the tree and into the swamp. Gmork's ears pricked up. \"You can't hide your blood scent,\" he said. Atreyu gasped as he saw that Gmork was coming closer and closer to his hiding spot. Even with the Auryn around his neck, he couldn't prevent what was about to happen. Gmork smiled, his white fangs that were about to be stained red with Atreyu's blood. Then both males heard a terrifying shriek. Atreyu looked to his side to see his horse, Artax, coming full gallop and strike Gmork in the side with his hooves. Gmork went flying backwards further into the swamp. Atreyu smiled at his horse. \"Good boy. Well done,\" he said. Artax reared in joy and anger. He then went down on his front legs to allow Atreyu to climb on. He did in a hurry because Gmork was coming back for more. Swinging his injured leg over the saddle and into the stirrup, Atreyu and Artax then went as fast as they could out of the swamp and back home to the Grassy Oceans; to home. Atreyu then heard a cry for help. He slowed Artax down and turned him around. There in the swamp, he saw Gmork struggling to get out. He was sinking to his death. \"Someone let the sadness overtake them,\" he said. He watched as Gmork took his last breath and went under. \"It's over,\" said Atreyu. He turned Artax and then headed for home. Gmork kicked under the mud, until he resurfaced and ran out of the swamp. \"That was too close,\" he said while breathing in the air, something that he wanted to do forever. \"Fine. If I can't kill you first, I'll kill those close to you first,\" said Gmork as he followed the hoof prints left from Artax. Atreyu hung on for the next 2 days until he got back home. A little girl saw him coming, injured but alive. She ran and got the Elder and then, Atreyu got rest and treatment for his 2 injuries. It was days until he woke up. \"Where am I?\" he asked. \"You're home Atreyu,\" said the Elder. \"Gmork!\" yelled Atreyu, then he bolted up into a sitting position. \"It's alright. He's dead,\" said the Elder, pushing him back down. \"That's right. He sank into the swamp,\" said Atreyu resting back down. \"So, is Morla dead?\" asked the Elder. \"I would imagine so,\" replied Atreyu. \"Well, she's in a better place now,\" said the Elder, checking Atreyu's wounds. \"Where is Artax?\" asked Atreyu. \"He's with the children,\" said the Elder. \"Good. Artax loves kids,\" said Atreyu as he fell back to sleep. The Elder looked down and saw Auryn still around Atreyu's neck. He smiled. He had washed the mud off the medallion so the silver and gold could shine through. Artax, meanwhile, was with the little girl that had saw Atreyu coming. He was untacked and grazing while she played around him. Artax then took off bolting, rearing, and bucking all over the green pasture. \"Looks like someone is happy to be home,\" she said. Unknown to her, Gmork had spooked Artax and that's why he took off bolting. Gmork snuck up behind the girl like a tiger, then charged her, grabbing her little form in her mouth. He chomped on her like a rag doll. Blood came out from all over the girl. She screamed and cried for someone to help her, and the whole village had heard her. Atreyu, along with the rest of the village, came out and saw the now dead girl in Gmork's jaws. Then he spit her body out into the once green grass. \"I told you I would kill you boy. Now this is twice you have escaped from me. If you don't come to me, I will kill off every person here, down to the last baby,\" threatened Gmork, showing his long red fangs. Atreyu glared at the beast. \"No,\" said Atreyu. He slowly started to back away, but was pulled forward by someone. His back met someone's chest. His mouth was covered by someone's hand. \"Everyone get back, or I'll kill him,\" came a male's voice. Atreyu knew that voice. He tried to speak, but couldn't. Gmork smiled. \"Took you long enough,\" he said. \"Sorry Gmork, but you know kids these days,\" said the Elder!!! \"Elder what are you doing?!\" yelled the villagers. \"Don't call me Elder. I am so sick of you people!\" he screamed. The people started to come forward in order to save Atreyu, but Elder had taken out an ivory knife. he placed it under Atreyu's neck. Atreyu couldn't do anything. \"Get back or he dies!\" yelled the Elder. The villagers did as they were told. Elder and Atreyu got onto Gmork's back and took off someplace unknown. Once out of sight, the whole village was in a panic. The mother of the girl that was killed had picked her up and was crying hysterically. \"We have to save Atreyu!\" screamed one of the men. \"But how?\" asked another. \"We don't know where they are taking him!\" said another man. Artax had come back, but didn't stay. He followed the tracks that were left over by Gmork. He reared as he was going to go save his master.[Chapter 4] 2nd Time Around Chapter 4 (AN: I'm basing this off the first movie…not the book!) Atreyu knew where he was. He was at the Old City where he first killed Gmork. He was thrown into a cave that had shackles hanging from the wall. Elder grabbed him around the neck and chained him to the wall. \"You'll never get away with this Elder!\" he yelled. Elder looked at him. \"First, my name is Tir,\" he said. \"Tir,\" seethed Atreyu. He tried to attack, but the chains pulled him back to the wall. \"It's no use trying to escape,\" said Gmork as he stalked over. Atreyu looked the creature straight in the face. \"When I get out of here, you're the first one I'm going to kill,\" said Atreyu. \"Tir, keep watch over him. We don't want him escaping or for him to have any uninvited guests trying to rescue him,\" said Gmork. Tir nodded his head yes. Then to Atreyu's surprise, he started to shed. The skin peeled off, his hair fell out, replaced with long blond hair which was tied back in a high ponytail. This was his true look. Tir was 6ft even, a lot taller than Atreyu. He had eyes that were as red as blood. He chin was tight. Atreyu looked at him. \"Why?\" he asked. Tir smiled. \"Why did I pretend to be the Elder?\" he asked. \"Yes,\" said Atreyu. \"Well, it's a long story,\" said Tir. \"Looks as though I might as well tell ya, seeing as how you're not going anywhere,\" said Tir. He gripped Atreyu's chin in his hand. \"Getting rid of the real Elder was easy. All I did was draw him out of his tent telling him that you were in trouble. He came out, I killed him, then tossed his body into the nearby river,\" said Tir. \"It was night, so no one saw me,\" he said. \"Then I took on his identity. I can shape shift into other people, then I had to sit and wait. Gmork was supposed to kill you, but I was the backup plan in case he failed, which he did. Now we will kill you together,\" said Tir. He let go of Atreyu. \"Don't worry. You'll be dead within the next couple of hours,\" said Tir as he stalked away. \"By the way, the reason I'm working with Gmork is because I want to see Fantasia come to it's end. I have the same reasons for killing you as Gmork. You stopped that from happening last time, but this time, you're unfortunate,\" said Tir. Atreyu started to struggle against the chains that bound him, but all that did was cut his wrists. Some blood started to pour out of the new wounds. \"I better stop before I bleed to death,\" said Atreyu. He sat down with his arms hovering above his head. \"Looks like I'm done for,\" he said. Meanwhile, in another part of Fantasia, Artax had been galloping at full speed following Gmork's tracks. Soon, they came to a huge cliff. Gmork had clearly jumped it, but could Artax? He reared up pacing back and forth near the edge of the cliff. \"Be careful or you'll fall,\" said a voice from above. Artax pricked his ears forward as a pink fluffy luckdragon landed close to Artax. \"As soon as I saw you, I knew you needed assistance,\" he said. \"Wait a minute,\" said Falkor. He looked at Artax. the horse was sweating and his eyes wide with fear. \"You're Atreyu's horse. Artax, right?\" he asked. The white horse nodded his long crested neck. \"Where is Atreyu? Did you get loose from him?\" asked Falkor. Artax shook his head. He pawed the ground. Falkor looked at the bog wolf tracks in the dirt. \"He was taken by a wolf?\" asked Falkor. Artax again nodded his head. \"Alright, I will assist you in finding him,\" said Falkor, who took flight. His paws gently took Artax and together they flew over the ground until they came to a dirty abandoned city. There was no other place they could have been. Falkor landed Artax in the ocean. The horse swam to shore and shook his body. \"Listen Artax,\" said Falkor. \"I'm too big to walk into the city, so you're going to have to do that,\" said Falkor. Artax looked at the ground and sure enough, the wolf tracks led into the city. Artax nodded his head then trotted into the city. Thankfully, this horse had no shoes on so his feet didn't click clock on the cement. \"Good luck,\" said Falkor as he just stood in the sand.[Chapter 5] 2nd Time Around Chapter 5 Artax pranced through the city, being careful not to draw out anyone. He jumped over huge rocks and was extra careful; not to trip on pieces of jagged rock. Soon he came to a cave. It was sitting open like a rotting wound. Slowly, he went inside. Atreyu was dosing in and out of sleep. He looked down at Auryn around his neck. \"Moonchild,\" he whispered. She was always with him even if he didn't have the Auryn. \"Please help me,\" he said. His mind ran through the events of the previous days. \"Why am I the one that always has to go through pain and suffering?\" he asked to himself. His eyes slowly closed. His breathing was steady and strong. Atreyu then felt the presence of someone coming. He stood up and glared. Then to his surprise, he saw his horse. \"Artax!\" yelled Atreyu in a hushed voice. Artax trotted over to his master and began nuzzling him. \"How did you get here?\" he asked. Artax looked towards the sky. \"You flew?\" asked Atreyu finding that hard to believe. Artax shook his head. \"Wait a minute,\" said Atreyu. \"Falkor?\" asked Atreyu, obviously stunned. Artax nodded his head. \"Miracles really do come in all shapes and sizes,\" he said. \"Can you break these chains?\" asked Atreyu, getting to the point to where he felt like his arms were going to fall off his body. Artax reared and with his hooves easily broke the chains. Atreyu's arms fell to his side. He hissed in pain as he began rubbing his arms to get some feeling into them. \"Good boy,\" said Atreyu. \"NO. BAD BOY,\" came a voice. Atreyu and Artax looked to the side and saw Tir and Gmork coming towards them. \"Your horse is smart and at the same time stupid,\" said Gmork. Atreyu backed up as did Artax. \"Listen,\" said Atreyu. \"Fantasia is back. It's never going anywhere again,\" said Atreyu. \"So why not just give up on this foolishness?\" he asked. Tir's eyes narrowed in anger. \"FOOLISHNESS?!\" he asked. \"What's foolish is Fantasia. We're sick of it,\" he said. Gmork started to walk forward. \"We're evil creatures. We are unfit to be here,\" he said. Atreyu and Artax were starting to back up when Atreyu wasn't watching where he was going and fell backwards to the ground. Gmork saw his opportunity and was about to jump him when Artax intervened, rearing and pawing at Gmork. Artax reared once more, then took off to where Falkor was waiting for him. Gmork was hot on his tail. Atreyu tried getting up to run away, when Tir walked over and as quick as he could, grabbed Atreyu by the hair and dragged him through the city. Atreyu had no choice but to follow. He yelled as Tir pulled on him. \"Let me go!\" he cried. \"Like that's going to happen. You're going to watch Gmork kill that horse of yours,\" he said. Atreyu wasn't going to loose his horse again. \"NO WAY!\" he cried, then with as much strength as he could kicked Tir in the stomach. Tir doubled over in pain. \"You stupid little boy,\" said Tir. Atreyu started to run, but Tir tripped him by grabbing his leg. Atreyu looked behind him and saw Tir making his advance, this time with that Ivory knife in his hand. Tir was on top of Atreyu wanted to put that knife into his throat. It took all of Atreyu's strength to keep the knife away from him. Then he elbowed him in the face. \"GAHH!\" yelled It in pain. The knife went flying in the air. Atreyu saw where it landed and dove for it. It was in his hand, when Tir bounded on him. In a flash, the sound of knife piercing flesh filled the air. Atreyu looked at Tir. The knife went right into his heart. Atreyu pushed his body off. He looked at himself. He was covered in a red sticky liquid known as blood. He stood up and without a word, went to go look Artax and Gmork.[Chapter 6] 2 nd Time Around Chapter 6 Climbing over the jagged edges of the razor sharp rocks, Atreyu climbed over until he saw Gmork and Artax fighting each other in a death match. \"ARTAX! GMORK!\" he screamed as he ran down to the two animals. Gmork took his gaze away from the white horse and turned it onto the blood soaked Atreyu. Gmork lipped his lips with hunger. \"You will be next,\" he hissed out of his ivory fanged mouth. While not looking, Artax reared and pummeled his hooves into the wolf's side as hard as he could. Gmork yelped in pain. He fell on his side, then breathed slowly. The horse had penetrated his lung. Atreyu didn't know what to do. He started to advance to the wolf. Artax looked down at his master and didn't move a muscle. Atreyu kneeled down at a safe distance from the evil creature. \"You know you can't win,\" whispered Gmork while coughing up blood. Atreyu pulled out the knife he had used to kill Tir. \"Maybe, but then again, you won't get a third chance to come after any of us,\" said Atreyu. He plunged the knife deep into the chest of the wolf. Gmork gasped at the searing pain he had felt. This was the second time that Atreyu had killed him by stabbing him in the heart. \"Find rest,\" said Atreyu. He stood up and looked at his horse and smiled. \"Come,\" he said. Artax kneeled down on his front legs and allowed his master to climb on. Even though he would probably stain Artax red what with the blood still clinging to Atreyu. He swung his leg over the horse's back. Gripping Artax's white main, he gave a little squeeze with his ankles. The 2 of them took off to home. \"Wait, where is Falkor?\" he asked Artax pulling back. The horse looked up to the sky. \"So he too went home,\" said Atreyu. \"I guess he knew the outcome all along,\" he said patting Artax. The horse whinnied loudly and reared to the heavens. \"Thank you!\" shouted Atreyu. The 2 of them then took off at a slow canter to home, where hopefully in the future, none of them would have that kind of adventure again, but that is another story and shall be told at another time THE END ","Summary":" 2ND TIME AROUND CHAPTER 1 One of the riders from the Grassy Ocean opened the tent flap. He was cove"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"The Neverending Story: Axerena's Part","Author":"toomanyobessionstocount","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9332830","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Neverending Story: Axreena's Part Bastian woke up from another nightmare about his mother's death. He'd been having them ever since his mom died. He couldn't concentrate on the anything and kept getting bullied at school for reading so many books. Bastian knew he couldn't stand up to them because they were too strong for him. At breakfast, his father said,\" Good Morning, Bastian.\" Bastian replied,\" Morning, Dad,\" while trying to open a jar of jam. His father took the jar from him and opened it with ease. Bastian and his father had been having trouble talking ever since the 'Incident.' Bastian wanted to keep believing in fantasies, like his mother, while his father wanted him to grow up. Bastian said,\" I had another dream, Dad, about Mom.\" His father paused and said,\" I understand, son. But we have to get on with things, right?\" Bastian only nodded. His father continued what he was doing and said,\" Bastian, we each have responsibilities. We can't let Mom's death be an excuse for not getting the job done, right?\" Bastian only let out a tired,\" Yeah.\" Bastian's father sat down and said,\" Son, it's time you and I had a talk. I got a call from your math teacher yesterday. She says that you were drawing horses in your math book.\" Bastian responded,\" Unicorns. They were unicorns.\" His father looked up and said,\" What?\" Bastian sighed and said,\" Nothing.\" His father continued,\" She also says you haven't been turning your homework in on time. And I'm very disappointed you didn't even try out for the swim team.\" Bastian said nothing to defend himself. Bastian's father kept talking,\" As for those riding lessons you've been wanting, you say you love horses yet you seem to be afraid to get on a real one. Now, Bastian, you're old enough to get your head out of the clouds and start keeping both feet on the ground. Alright?\" Bastian answered,\" Ok.\" His father said,\" Stop daydreaming and face your problems. Ok?\" Bastian said,\" Ok,\" with a small smile. Bastian's father said,\" Ok. Right. I think we've had a nice little talk. We should have more.\" He stood up and told Bastian,\" Have a nice day and don't be late to school again.\" Bastian called back,\" Buy yesterday I wasn't!\" Man, that was an awkward scene. I really don't like Bastian's dad. Welcome to my second story. I have nothing left to say except,\" REVIEW!:D\"[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Bastian was walking to school when he saw the bullies who teased him. They spotted him and started laughing. \"Hey, look, it's the weirdo,\" one said. Another said,\" Hey, weirdo, got any cash for us today?\" Bastian said nothing as he turned and ran. \"Hey, follow!,\" the first bully yelled,\"That's it, weirdo. You can't get away you jerk! You're dead, chicken!\" They kept yelling and running until they caught him. The third bully held Bastian back as he struggled. The third bully asked,\" Where's your money, man?\" Bastian cried,\"I don't have any!\" The first bully said,\" No money? Momma's little boy's holding out on us.\" The three bullies carried Bastian to a nearby dumpster. \"You ain't got any money on ya, you go in the garbage can,\" the first bully stated. They all pushed Bastian in the dumpster. The third bully said,\" Maybe the chicken can lay an egg in there.\" Bastian climbed out of the dumpster and went into the street while brushing himself off. The bullies spotted him once more. \"Hey, man, who said you could get out of the garbage?,\" the first bully said,\" Get back in there.\" They started walking towards Bastian while laughing. Bastian yelled,\" Oh, no, not again. No, not again!\" He took off running while the bullies chased him. The second bully asked,\" Where do you think you're going wimp?\" Bastian was chased until he ran into a bookstore. Poor Bastian. He just lost hi s mother and he's getting teased. So sad. Sorry the chapters are so short, I've been doing them by scene. Net chapter we meet Coriander and possibly see Fantasia. Also, could you check out my other story, \"Everyday?\" It's pretty good, it just needs more reviews. It's a Les Miserables Gavroche OC fic, so if you don't like that, too bad. I'm probably not going to update much, I've got exams and then I'm leaving for the summer, so no wifi. So, yeah, just to let you know. So, yeah, read and review, yadda, yadda, yadda, bye.[Chapter 3] The Neverending Story Bastian looked out the window to see the bullies run past him. He sighed with relief,but was startled by a rough sounding voice. \"Get outta here. I don't like kids,\" the voice said. Bastian walked over to where he heard the voice and saw an old man reading a book much larger than most books were. It was the shopkeeper, Coreander. Coreander said,\" You still here, boy? Didn't you hear what I said?\" Bastian tried to defend himself,\" Um, I was...\" He couldn't think of anything as he just motioned helplessly at the door. \"You're hiding, aren't you?,\" Coreander asked, figuring it out. Bastion stuttered,\" No, I was just..\" Coreander cut him off,\" The video arcade is down the street. Here we just sell small rectangular objects that are called books. Require a little effort on your part and make no b-b-b-beeps. On your way, please.\" Bastian yelled,\" I KNOW books. I have 186 of them at home!\" Coreander scoffed,\" Bah. Comic books.\" Bastian defiantly stated,\" No, I've read Treasure Island, Last of the Mohicans, W izard of Oz, Lord of the Rings, 20,000 Leaues Under the Sea, Tarzan...\" Coreander one again cut him off,\" Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who are you running away from?\" Bastian said glumly,\" Just some kids from school.\" Coreander asked,\" Why?\" Bastian mumbeled,\" They wanna throw me in the garbage.\" Coreander questioned,\" Why don't you give them a good punch in the nose, eh?\" Bastian whispered,\" Oh, I don't know.\" He knew full well why. It was because he wasn't brave enough. Coreander turned back to his book, intruinging Bastian. He asked,\" What's that book about?\" Coreander turned to him again and responded,\" Oh, this is something special.\" Bastian came closer as he questioned,\" Well, what is it?\" Coreander said,\" Look. Your books are safe. While you're reading them, you get to become Tarzan or Robin Crusoe.\" Bastian exclaimed,\" But that's what I like about them.\" Coreander said,\" Yes, but afterwards you get to be a litte boy again.\" Bastian asked confusedly,\" What do you mean?\" Coreander said,\" Listen. Have you ever been Captin Nemo, trapped inside your submarine while the giant squid was attacking you?\" Bastian answered,\" Yes.\" Coreander asked,\" Weren't you afraid you couldn't escape?\" Bastian exclaimed,\" But it's only a story!\" Coreander stated,\" That's what I'm talking about. The ones you read are safe.\" Bastian asked,\" And that one isn't?\" Coreander said,\" Don't worry about it.\" Bastian stuttered,\" But, you just said it was...\" The phone rang and Coreander but the book under some newspaper. \"Forget about it. This book is not for you,\" he said. He got up to answer the phone. Bastian quickly took the book and left a note reading,\" Don't worry, I'll return your book.\" Ashe ran off, Coreander looked out, smiling at the sight. (WhyaretheyremakingtheNeverendingStory?) Bastian ran into the school and saw that class had already started. He looked into the window to see that his class was taking a math test. \"The math test, oh no,\" he exclaimed. He ran up to the attic, where he begain to read. (Fantaisa! Finally!) It was midnight in the Howling Forest. The wind whistled through the tops of the ancient trees. Suddenly, something enormous crashed and rumbled through the eerie woods. A strange creature called a Nighthob asked,\" What's that?\" The ground shook with what force the cause had. It was a giant tricycle made of rock appeared in front of them, bearing the enormous, but kind-hearted Rockbiter. He asked,\" Excuse, me, would it be alright if I joined you this evening?\" A man named Tiny answered warily,\" Uh, huh.\" Rockbiter explained,\" You see, I've been travelling all day. Ah, hah! Now I know why you picked this camp! A delicious looking limestone rock. Nice bouquet, must be a real vintage year.\" Nighthob replied,\" Yes, you're right. Those delicious rocks are the reason we camped here, alright.\" Turning to Tiny, he asked,\" Is he a nutcase?\" Tiny replied,\" No, he's a Rockbiter.\" Nighthob exclaimed,\" A Rockbiter!\" As the Rockbiter was eating the rocks, the leftover crumbs almost crushed Tiny and Nighthob. Rockbiter apologized,\" Oops, sorry.\" He then finished the rock. \"That was good limestone, with a dash of quartz. Very tasty. Where I come from in the north we used to hve exquisue gourmet rocks, only now... now they're all gone,\" he explained. Nighthob replied snidely,\" Huh, I know how it happened.\" The Rockbiter defended,\" I swear it wasn't me.\" Tiny exclaimed,\" I think I know what it was. Tell us more.\" The Rockbiter said,\" Near my home there was to be a beautiful lake, but then it was gone.\" Tiny asked,\" Did the lake dry up?\" Rockbiter responded,\" Now, it just wasn't there anymore. Nothing was there anymore. Not even a dried up lake.\" Tiny questioned,\" A hole?\" Rockbiter replied,\" No, a hole would be something. Nah, it was noting. And it got bigger, and bigger. First there was no lake anymore, and finally, no rocks.\" Nighthob spoke up,\" If he keeps stuffing his face like that, soon there won't be any rocks here, either.\" Tiny grabbed Nighthob and said,\" Nighthob, this could be serious! Rockbiter, what you have told us is also occuring where I live in the west! A strange sort of Nothing is destroying everything!\" Niighthob agreed,\" Yes, we Nighthobs live in the South. And it's there, too.\" Rockbiter exclaimed,\" So, it's not just in our part of Fantasia?\" Nighthob whispered,\" Maybe, it's already everywhere... Maybe our whole land is in danger! What can we do?\" Rockbiter informed,\" My people are sending me to the Ivory Tower, to the Empress for help.\" Tiny said,\" We are on the same mission. After all, if the Empress can't save us, who could?\" Nighthob yelled,\" Then why are we just standing around here instead of taking off for the Ivory Tower?\" Tiny agreed,\" Right, what are we waiting for?\" And off they went in search of the Ivory Tower. They traveled for a day untill they say the heart of Fantasia gleaming in the sun's falling rays. They went inside to find out what could be done about the strange Nothing, and hoped that the Empress would have a way to save them all. And so we have it! Finally Fantasia! Next chapter Atreyu and Axerena! Finally you get to meet her! Also, Thank you to Dan man who reviewed and favored this story. I'm currently listening to the Ivory Tower from the Neverending Story Soundtrack. Perfect, huh? Don't forget to review! Disclaimer: I do not own the Neverending Story. If I did, the last two movies would be better and Atreyu would be in the third one. Seriously, WHERE WAS HE?![Chapter 4] Chapter Four Inside the Ivory Tower, many creatures of many species were gathering to seek help from the Empress's head servant, Carion, walked out of the Empress's room. Carion spoke,\" Friends, I know why you are all here. The Nothing is destroying our world. I also know that you hove come to beseech the Empress for help. But I have terrible news. The Empress herself has become deathly ill. There seems to be a mysterious link between her illness and the Nothing. She is dying. So she cannot save us.\" This stirred up the creatures, thinking all hope was lost. Carion continued,\" But there might be one chance! The Plains People who hunt the Purple Buffalo have among them two great warriors and they alone have a chance to fight the Nothing and save us. They are our only hope. Their names are Axerena and Atreyu.\" (Almostthere!) Back in the real world, Bastian takes his bag and looksed at the Indian stickers on the front. He mumbled,\" Axerena and Atreyu.\" (Justafewmoreseconds!) The Empress had already sent for the great warriors. When they finally appeared on the terrace of the Ivory Tower, they carried the hopes of all Fantasia. (Onlyafewmorewords!) Bastian exclaimed,\" Two little kids!\" (And,now!) A young girl with long, black hair pulled into a braid and a boy with shoulder length brown hair stepped up, much to the shock of everyone. Carion said,\" I'm sorry, but this is not the time nor place for children. I must ask you to leave.\" Atreyu responded coolly,\" If you don't want us here, you shouldn't have sent for us.\" Carion responded,\" It was not you two we sent for. We wanted Axerena and Atreyu.\" Axerena spoke up,\" We are Axerena and Atreyu.\" Carion laughed and said,\" Not Axerena and Atreyu the children! Axerena and Atreyu the warriors!\" Atreyu stated,\" We are the only Axerena and Atreyu with the Plains People.\" Axerena added,\" But we'll be happy to go back to hunting the Purple Buffalo.\" They turned to leave. Carion said desperately,\" No, wait,\" they both paused,\" Come back, please.\" They walked up to the old man again. Axerena gestured with her arms,\" Well?\" Carion said, taking them more seriously now,\" If you are truly the Axerena and Atreyu we sent for, you both would be willing to go on a quest?\" Atreyu said,\" Yes, of course.\" Axerena asked, intrigued,\" What kind of quest?\" Carion elaborated,\" To find a cure for the Empress... and to save our world. No one can give you any advice except this, you must go with only each other, and you must leave all your weapons behind. It will be very dangerous.\" Atreyu asked,\" Is there any chance of success?\" Carion responded,\" I do not know, but if you two fail, the Empress will surly die, and our whole world will be destroyed.\" Atreyu looked at Axerena, shocked at how much pressure they would deal with. Axerena looked at him then nodded. Atreyu then takes off his bow and arrows as Axerena does the same. Atreyu asked,\" When do we begin?\" Carion answered,\" Now, and you must hurry, Axerena, Atreyu, the Nothing grows stronger everyday,\" He motioned for the children to come closer,\" Take these.\" He gave Atreyu a necklace with the same symbol as the cover of the book while Axerena got a matching bracelet. Nighthob gasped,\" The AURYN!\" Carion said ,\" He, or she, who wears the AURYN speaks for the Empress. These two pieces will guide and protect you both.\" (Didyoulikeher?) Atreyu and Axerena galloped off on Atreyu's horse Artax to find a cure for the Empress. At the same time, elsewhere in Fantasia, a creature of darkness also began his quest. Hey, guys, sorry I'm late, first week of school, and I had a bit of writer's block. And I'm lazy. Anyway, did you like Axerena? Which is pronounced 'ax-er- RAY-na', just in case you were wondering. A little history, she is Atreyu's best friend and has been ever since both of their parents died by the Purple Buffalo. They never go anywhere without each other, hence why they both went on the quest. Axerena loves Atreyu, but believes he does not feel the same way, which is not true. I hoped you liked it, I got a bit more followers and favs from people, so maybe I'll get more now that the actual OC has been introduced. By the way, I'm listing the movie soundtrack as type this again, and this time Atreyu's Quest came up when I was typing the actual scene, and when Gmork was mentioned, the music that came whenever he appeared came on then! Freaky, huh? Anyway, review and you get to ride Artax! Atreyu: I'm not sure that's a good idea... Me: Oh, shush you, or I'll make sure you and Axerena never get together! Atreyu: I'll be good! Axerena: (*Blushes*)[Chapter 5] The Swamp Of Sadness They had been traveling aimlessly for almost a week, but they could not find a cure for the Empress. Atreyu, Axerena, and their horse Artax did not have the vaguest suspicion that the creature of darkness, G'mork, was already tracking them down. Artax trotted over to Atreyu and started to nuzzle him to wake him up, effectually waking up Axerena as well, for she always woke up when he did, intentional or not. Atreyu asked sleepy, \"Wha? What is it, Artax? Is it time to go already?\" Axerena smirked and said, \"I know what you want. It's time to eat, huh?\" Atreyu chuckled and said, \"Good idea\" (Youallknowwhat'scomming) Bastian looked up from the book and yelled, \"No, it's a great idea!\" He ran over to where his lunch is and began to eat it. He finished half of it before he said, \"No, not too much. We still have a long way to go.\" He began to read again. (It'stime!) Atreyu, Axerena, and Artax had searched the Silver Mountains, the Desert of Shattered Hopes, and the Crystal Towers without success. And so, there was only one chance left. To find Morla, the Ancient One, the wisest being in Fantasia, who's home was the Shell Mountain somewhere in the deadly Swamps of Sadness. The mud was too deep for Artax to get through on his own, so Atreyu and Axerena hopped off Artax and began guiding him. Everyone knew that whoever let the sadness overtake him would sink into the swamp. Atreyu said, \"That's it, Artax. You're doing fine.\" Axerena added, \"Just a bit longer.\" Suddenly Artax stopped. Areyu pulled on the reigns, but Artax wouldn't move. Axerena asked, \"Come on, Artax, what's the matter? What's wrong?\" Then, she noticed something. Atreyu said understandingly, \"I understand. It's too difficult for you.\" But Axerena just stared horrifyingly at Artax as Atreyu moved to the right. Finally, she couldn't keep it in anymore. \"ARTAX! YOU'RE SINKING,\" she yelled. Atreyu looked and saw that she was right. He shouted, \"COME ON! TURN AROUND, YOU HAVE TO! NOW!\" \"COME ON! ARTAX!\" Axerena wailed. They both got closer and hugged the horse's mouth. Axerena said quietly, \"Fight against the sadness, Artax. Artax, please. You're letting the sadness of the swamps get to you.\" Atreyu whispered patheticly, \"You have to try. You have to care. For us, we're your friends. We love you.\" Artax, with his head barely sticking out over the mud, didn't move. Axerena was fed up with this and slapped the mud. \"STUPID HORSE! YOU'VE GOTTA MOVE OR YOU'LL DIE!\" Then, they both pleaded at once, \"Move, please.\" Atreyu yelled, \"I WON'T GIVE UO! JUMP, QUICK! ARTAX!\" (Youallprobablyhateme.) Atreyu and Axerena just lay there silently sobbing, mourning over the loss of their dear friend who had just disappeared in the mud. Little did they know, that somewhere out there, in the real world, a human boy was also crying. They wandered the swamp, trying to complete their quest, believing that was what Artax would have wanted him to do. They stopped suddenly in light of the fact that a mountain shaped like a shell was right in front of them. They both exclaimed at once, \"The Shell Mountain!\" (DoesanyoneelsethinkMorlalookslikeET?) Bastian said in wonder, \"Morla, the Ancient One. (Herewego!) They tried to climb up the mountain, but kept slipping. When they finally got to the top, the mountain started to move and they slipped again. Atreyu grabbed on to a tree branch and held Axerena close. The branch could not support their combined weight and snapped in half, hurting Atreyu's shoulder. They landed in the mud and spotted a tree. They both climbed it as a giant, withered turtle's head popped out. So, you all probably hate me for the Artax scene. But, if it weren't for that scene, I wouldn't have been inspired to create Axerena and we wouldn't have this story. Anyway, we've meet Morla! And I know the romance is non-existant, that's coming later. Probably after we meet the gnomes. I just realized we're about halfway through with this story! Yes, I will do the second one. No, I won't do the third. It doesn't even have Atreyu in it, so why have Axerena? Awful movies aside, to the reviews! Me: Ok, step right up in a line to ride Artax! Atreyu: What will the readers get if they review? Me: An interview with you and Axerena. Axerena: Why me? Me: Because people love you and Atreyu probably wouldn't do it without you. Atreyu: She's right. Me: So send in your questions in a PM and leave a review of what you thought of the chapter! All: REVIEW! Axerena: Wait, so you're writing a story. A romance story. Between me and Atreyu. Me: Yup. Axerena: Don't you have a life? Me: Nope. Axerena: Atreyu, this doesn't bother you? Atreyu: Not at all. :D Axerena: I'm so confused...[Chapter 6] Morla and Scientific Circles Bastian let out a shriek of fright. (So,Frozen?) Just then, a terrified shout rang across the swamps. Atreyu, Axerena, and Morla looked around for the source, but found nothing. (Doyouwannabuildasnowman?) Bastian sat up, confused, \"But, that's impossible! They couldn't have heard me.\" Nevertheless, he kept reading. (Letitgo!) Atreyu asked, \"Are you Morla, the Ancient One?\" Morla replied, \"Not that it matters, but yes.\" Axerena begged, \"Please help us, Morla. Do you recognize this?\" She showed Morla her bracelet while Atreyu raised the AURYN necklace. Morla seemed surprised, \"Well, we haven't seen the AURYN in a long time.\" Atreyu looked confused, \"We?\" He looked around, searching for someone else. Axerena questioned, \"Is there someone else here, too?\" Morla explained, \"We haven't spoken to anyone else for thousands of years, so we started talking to ourselves.\" She then sneezed and blew them both off of the tree. Quickly, they climb back up. Atreyu spoke, \"Morla, we bring terrible news. Did you know that the Empress is very ill?\" Morla answered, \"Not that it matters, but yes. Actually, we don't care.\" Axerena shouted, \"If we don't save her, she'll die! There's a terrible Nothing sweeping over the land. Don't you care about that?\" Morla lazily responded, \"We don't even care whether or not we care.\" She made to sneeze again, making Atreyu and Axerena grab the tree, but stopped. Atreyu asked, \"Do you have a cold?\" Morla replied, \"No, we're allergic to youth.\" She then sneezed, but this time the pair managed to stay on the tree. Axerena irritatedly asked, \"You know how to we can help the Empress, don't you?\" \"Not that it matters, but yes.\" \"If you don't tell us, and the Nothing keeps coming, you'll die, too! Both of you!\" \"Die? That, at least, would be something.\" She began to sneeze once more, making our heroes brace themselves in preparation, but stopped. Atreyu begged, \"Please help us. You said you knew the answer.\" Just then, Morla finished her sneeze, causing the pair to fall into the mud once again. Morla growled, \"We're tired of sneezing, go away! Nothing matters!\" Back on the tree, Atreyu shouted, \"That's not true!\" Axerena finished, \"If it really didn't matter to you then you could tell us.\" Morla chuckled, \"Clever children.\" Axerena yelled, \"Tell us, please!\" Morla responded, \"We don't know, but you can ask the Southern Oracle.\" Hope in his eyes, Atreyu asked, \"How can we get there?\" \"You can't. It's ten thousand miles away.\" Atreyu looked like he was about to cry, \"But, that's so far.\" Axerena whispered, \"And we don't even have Artax anymore.\" Morla spoke, \"That's right, forget it. Good night,\" and disappeared. (Forthefirsttimeinforver!) A bell rang, signaling the end of the day. Bastian tried to leaved, the attic now terrifying to him, but returned. He said, \"No. Atreyu and Axerena wouldn't quit now.\" He continued to read as a clap of thunder sounded. (Insummer:D) Atreyu and Axerena stumbled through the swamp, no longer having any hope. Atreyu sat on a rock, his injured shoulder bothering him. They fall into the mud so deep, it went up to their necks. Just as they were about to faint, a white dragon came flying towards them. As he reached them, they grabbed his arm and fell unconscious, unaware of the danger they had just escaped. (Loveisanopendoor) When Atreyu woke up, he was shocked to find Axerena and himself in the arms of the dragon. Axerena was already awake, looking at him with scared eyes. He gently lift the arm so they could escape. Little did they know, the dragon was already awake. As they ran off, the dragon spoke, \"Leaving so soon?\" Axerena stumbled, \"Uh, we were just going, we have to, we were trying to...\" \"Sneak away?\" \"Yes, I mean, no! No!\" The dragon chuckled, \"I like children.\" Atreyu guessed, \"For breakfast?\" \"Never! I'm a luckdragon. My name is Falkor.\" \"And our names our-\" \"Atreyu and Axerena. And you're on a quest.\" Axerena asked, \"How'd you know that?\" \"You were unconscious, and you talked in your sleep. Especially you, Axerena.\" They both looked traumatized, Axerena more than Atreyu. If she had talked about her feelings for Atreyu... Oh, why couldn't she remember what she had dreamt? \"Could one of you get round and scratch behind my right ear? I can never quite reach it,\" Falkor asked. Atreyu went up, \"Here?\" \"Yes. Thank you. So, you're both on you're way to the Southern Oracle?\" Axerena responded, \"Yes, but it's hopeless. It's too far away.\" \"Oh, I wouldn't necessarily say that.\" Atreyu questioned, \"Do you know how to get there?\" \"Why, sure. It's just around the corner.\" \"How did all this happen?!\" \"With luck!\" \"You've already brought us the entire ten thousand mikes?!\" \"No, only nine thousand, eight hundred, and ninety one, as the dragon flies.\" \"You're amazing!\" \"Having a luckdragon is the only way to go on a quest! Things will work out fine, you two. Never give up,and good luck will find you.\" Axerena said, \"It's good to have a friend again.\" \"You have more than one. Look.\" They went to a small cave to see two gnomes arguing. \"Get out of my light, wench. You're disturbing my scientific work,\" the male gnome said. The female one bit back, \"You and you're scientific work. What the boy needs is one of my potions.\" \"They both will need my scientific advice much more.\" \"Yes,yes, but not until he's well, as I doubt she would go anywhere without him. Now, get back to your own place. I'm always finding you in my place.\" \"I'm going!,\" Atreyu cleared his throat, \"He's well! Now, It's my turn with them.\" \"Oh, no you don't! I decide when he's well. It's your turn when I say it's your turn,\" she grabbed a potion and stood in front of them, \"Well, little man, still in pain?\" He replied, \"A little, but it's alright.\" \"I like that! The patient telling the doctor it's alright. It has to hurt if it's heal. Here, drink that,\" She handed him the cup and he began to drink from it, \"Good, huh? That's my batwing broth. There's eye of newt in there, tree mold, old lizard brains, scales from a rancid sea serpent.\" Axerena chuckle at the look on Atreyu's face. He blushed, embarrassed at the one he loved laughed at him. The scientific gnome spoke up, \"Just where did you and your dragon come from? What are you onto? Anything of interest to the scientific community?\" Atreyu answered, \"Our names are Atreyu and Axerena. We came here to find the Southern Oracle.\" \"Oh, you've come to the right place!\" \"Here we go again,\" the doctor rolled her eyes. \"I am somewhat of an expert on the Southern Oracle.\" \"It's my scientific specialty.\" \"It's my scientific specialty.\" \"Why don't you sit down and be quiet for once?\" \"YOU keep quiet, wench. It's now my turn. My name is Engywook, and she's Urgl. Ever hear of me?\" Atreyu replied, \"I don't think so.\" Engywook looked disappointed, \"You don't move in scientific circles.\" Axerena apologized, \"I'm afraid not.\" Engywook continued, \"I am the expert on the Southern Oracle. Oh, you've come to the right place.\" Urgl mumbled, \"There's no fool like an old fool.\" Engywook stopped her from leaving, \"Wait, stay here. To the observatory. To the winch, wench!\" (Fixeruper) As Urgl handled a small trolly for Engywook, Atreyu and Axerena climbed up the rocks. Engywook called up to Urgl, \"Come on, lazy bones, can't you go any faster? I've bees studying the Southern Oracle for years. Someday I'll publish my book: A Century of Studying the Southern Oracle by Professor Engywook. Volume One: The Early Years.\" Atreyu asked, \"Have you ever been to the Southern Oracle?\" Engywook replied, \"What do you think? I work scientifically! \" Axerena said, \"We don't move in scientific circles, remember?\" As they made it to the top, they could see two statues. In front of them were two telescopes. I'm baaaaaccckkk!(*ducks*) I KNOW I'VE BEEN GONE FOR A LONG TIME! In my defense, I was waiting for your questions, which I never got. So, that reward is scrapped. I've also finally read the book 'The Neverending Story.' It's really good, but I prefer the first movie. By the way, remember when I said I wouldn't do the third movie? Well, I 'm still not, but there will be a third story! Don't ask what about, it's a secret!;D Axerena: You would tease them like that? Justin Law: I've come to learn she can be cruel when she wants to be. At least she isn't a kishin.(Watch Soul Eater if you don't understand!) Atreyu: What's the prize now? Me: A trip to Fantasia! Axerena: Really? Me: Yup!^.^ Axerena: Will this romance between Atreyu and I go anywere? Me: Oh, yeah, I have it all planed out. All: Review![Chapter 7] The Southern Oracle There were two telescopes, assuming Urgl would eventually become interested in science, Engywook had made two, only to leave one of them unused. He urged Atreyu and Axerena to look through them. When they did so, they saw two statues that looked like sphinxes. \"Is that the Southern Oracle?\" Atreyu asked, smiling down at Engywook. Engywook answered, \"Well, no. It's the first of the two gates you must pass before you reach the Southern Oracle, and get me the final information for my book!\" Axerena whispered to Atreyu, \"Is that book all he cares about?\" Hearing this, Atreyu tried to hide his snickers. Suddenly, Engywook got a somber look of his face, \"Of course, most people never get that far.\" \"Why?\" Atreyu wondered. \"The sphinx's eyes stay closed until someone who does not feel his own worth tries to pass by,\" Engywook explained, \"Ah! Here comes one that looks fancy.\" A man in a suit of armor approached the gate on his horse. \"Let's see what he really thinks of himself.\" Axerena couldn't help but think he was enjoying himself a bit too much, but continued to look through the telescope, as did Atreyu. They both saw the man hesitate. \"Go on, scaredy cat,\" Engywook taunted, \"Oh, go on!\" He tried to get Atreyu to let him see, but Atreyu ignored him. Then he tried the same with Axerena, but just to spite him she didn't move. \"He's going on!\" Atreyu exclaimed excitedly, \"I think he's gonna make it!\" \"The sphinx's eyes, are they open or shut?\" Engywook asked, \"Let me see!\" \"They're shut!\" Axerena snapped at him, getting annoyed at his pushiness. Atreyu corrected, \"No, wait! They eyes are open!\" Both children are horrified as they saw beams of light shoot towards the man, and burn him. They looked at each other and shared a look of absolute terror. \"Oh, no!\" Engywook cried, \"Did he make it? Did he?\" Both just shook their heads. \"No,\" Axerena whispered. Engywook sighed, \"Fancy armor doesn't help much. The sphinxes can see straight into your heart. Listen, next time, let me see what happens! It's my telescope.\" They both ignored him as they shared a look of determination. \"We're going to try it,\" Atreyu declared. They both started climbing down the hill. \"No! Don't go yet!\" Engywook tried to stop them, \"I haven't told you about the next gate! It's even worse than this one! Atreyu! Axerena!\" As they approached the gate, Axerena gulped, \"This well be where our journey ends.\" \"I know,\" Atreyu whispered, \"But we must remain calm. We can't let fear take us now. Not after everything we've been through.\" \"Right,\" Axerena said, still slightly on edge, \"Would you... mind holding my hand?\" Seeing the shocked look on Atreyu's face, she quickly stated, \"Not that you have to! It was just a tho-!\" Smiling, Atreyu answered, \"It's fine. I'd love to hold your hand.\" And he took her hand, causing her to blush. Even though she was slightly embarrassed, she was mostly happy. If she died here, at least she would die holding the hand of the one she loved most. Little did she know, Atreyu was feeling the exact same way. Feeling slightly more confident, they approached the two sphinxes. \"They'll never make it!\" Engywook cried, \"They'll never make it!\" They were doing just fine, that it until the reach the man from before. The wind lifted the mask covering his helmet to reveal a heavily burned body. Most of they're confidence they had earlier disappeared at this horrible sight. \"Don't start to doubt yourselves now!\" Engywook exclaimed, \"Be confident!\" (Um,hi?) Bastian joined in, \"Be confident! Be confident!\" As he kept reading, the eyes started to open. \"Run, you two, run!\" (It'sbeenalongtime,huh?) \"Run!\" Engywook shouted. They both looked straight ahead, hoping they could make it. (Iamsoincrediblysorry!) \"Run now!\" Bastian yells, so caught up in the story he didn't even register he was just yelling to a book. (Iamatotalidiot!) Still holding hands, Atreyu and Axerena started to run, just barely making it through. They both sighed, relieved to still be alive. They smiled at each other, then quickly shared a hug. They had come so close to failing their mission, and losing each other. But, soon it was time to get back to business. Back with Engywook, he had fallen from his basket in excitement, chanting, \"They made it! They made it!\" Urgl was giving Falkor a shot when he appeared in front of them, \"They made it, Atreyu and Axerena, they made it through the Sphinx's Gate. I always said they could do it!\" Urgl seemed genuinely happy, \"Oh, good! But that's no reason for you to go falling out of the basket again.\" \"Oh, hogwash!\" he just waved her off. Falkor calmly said, \"I knew they would be safe.\" \"Nonsense! The worst one is coming up,\" he stressed, \"Next is the Magic Mirror gate. They have to face their true self.\" \"So what?\" Falkor looked confused, \"That won't be too hard for them.\" \"Oh, that's what everyone thinks!\" Engywook began to explain, \"But kind people find that they are cruel. Brave men discover they are really cowards. Confronted with their true selves, most men would run away screaming!\" With Atreyu and Axerena, they were walking through plies of snow, all the while more was falling fast. They soon found a mirror in front of them. Looking at her reflection, Axerena gasped, \"I look beautiful.\" She had longer hair, that was slightly darker, and she was smiling. She had no idea what this mirror was meant to show, but she knew this couldn't she looked like. Nevertheless, she was happy to have this to help her confidence. Atreyu looked over at her, \"Yes, you do.\" But he wasn't talking about her reflection. In fact, he couldn't even see her reflection. But when he looked into the mirror, he saw a young boy, wearing strange clothes, reading a book. (Ican'tevenbelieve) Bastian threw the book across the room, saying, \"No. This is going too far.\" He froze slightly, \"What if they really do know about me in Fantasia?\" Unable to resist the temptation, he picked the book back up, and continued reading. (IswearIwillneverleaveastorythatlongeveragain) Atreyu stuck his hand through the mirror, then pulled it back out. \"I think we just found our way to the Southern Oracle,\" Axerena whispered excitedly. They walked through the mirror to find more sphinxes, only this time they were blue, while the others were yellow. Instantly they were wary, \"Do be not be afraid,\" the Oracle said in a comforting voice, \"We have been waiting for you two a long time, Atreyu, Axerena.\" \"Are you the Southern Oracle?\" Atreyu asked, just to make sure. The Oracle patiently answered, \"Yes, we are.\" Axerena exclaimed, \"Then you must know how we can save Fantasia!\" \"Yes, we do.\" \"Well, what is it? We have to know,\"Atreyu stated. \"The Empress needs a new name,\" the Oracle simply said. Axerena was confused, \"A new name? Is that all? But that's easy! We could give her any name she wants.\" The Oracle explained, \"No one from Fantasia can do it, only a human child.\" \"A human child?\" Atreyu wondered, \"Where can I find one?\" \"They can only be reached beyond the boundaries of Fantasia,\" the Oracle guided, \"You must hurry, you two. We do not know how much longer we can withstand the Nothing.\" As they were speaking, they began to crumble. Atreyu and Axerena rushed off to Falkor, so they could find the boundaries of Fantasia. OH MY GOD! I AM SO SINCERLY SORRY! I CAN'T BELEIVE THIS! HOW LONG HAS IT BEEN SINCE I LAST UPDATED THIS STORY?! Justin: Just past two years. Me: TWO YEARS! I'm such a failure! Justin: Please don't start crying again. Me: To those who are still reading this story, I am never leaving this story lie around again. I'll be working on the next chapter soon, don't you worry! I'll wok on it tomorrow! Justin: I doubt you'll be asking them to review this time. Me: I don't deserve it... I am a disgrace to call myself an author... Axerena: That scene from earlier was cute. Me: Oh, you mean the one with the hand holding? Axerena: Yeah. It was really cute. Me: I know! I was squealing just writing it! Atreyu: This story will be ending soon, won't it? Me: Yeah. Give it two or three more chapters, and we'll be done. But don't worry! I still have two stories coming out afterwords, so if you're still here, stick around! We're not going anywhere! Once again, I am so sorry for leaving this for two years. But I'm back now, so stay tuned! ","Summary":" The Neverending Story: Axreena's Part Bastian woke up from another nightmare about his mother's dea"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"A Path not chosen","Author":"broken mind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3497971","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thisnstory is set after the book, the original 3 movies and before the dvdnmini series with the four adventure stories. Itnis mostly rated PG-13 (if not stated otherwise) and it's an OCnadventure story including the already existing characters from thendvd mini series. Please note that I'm not a native speaker ofnEnglish, so bear with any grammar or syntax errors gg Enjoynreading and please, leave a review! Summary: Atreyunis lost in the dark forest after being summoned to the childlikenempress but meets someone he has not expected to see...[Chapter 2] The boy Bastian tooknthe book from Mr. Coreander's withered hands. His face was brightnwith a smile. But Coreander did not let it go. \"Be careful, Bastian.nThis book is not a toy and it's not for everyone. It's a powerfulnthing which will lead you on the journey of your life. There will bentasks you may think you cannot fulfil but you shall not despair.\"nNow he let go of the book. He put one hand on the boy's shoulder.n\"There will be friends…\" Bastian looked at him,npuzzled. \"Friends?\" he asked but Coreander didn't answer. Henmotioned for the door. \"The adventure goes on and ever on.\" Bastian put the book innhis backpack. Before he closed the zipper, he let his fingers travelnacross the emblem on the cover. 'Auryn', something in his headntold him. Silently, he repeated the word and felt it tremblenunderneath his exploring fingers. Then he looked up. Coreander watched himnand met his questioning gaze. He smiled. The boy then turned and leftnwithout asking further questions. He knew better. Mr. Coreander was anweird man, nice and friendly, but weird. The door closed withnthe well-known sound of the little bell, then the room was quietnagain. The old man now lifted one hand and looked at it intently.n\"The book always chooses its reader…you will learn, Bastian, younwill learn.\" Bastian ran home andnslammed the door shut behind him. His father was not home yet. Thenboy rushed up the stairs to his room and jumped onto the bed. He thennopened his backpack and pulled out the book. Once more, he touchednthe emblem he now called the Auryn as it began to glow. Whatever madenhim think of the name for it now urged him to open the book on thenfirst page and begin to read the story. He sat there,ncross-legged, the book open in his lap, his blue eyes searching fornthe letters that formed the first words. \"Thenwoodland boy, a humble, shy orphan by the name Atreyu, marvelled atnthe beauty of the Ivory Tower. The childlike empress, sovereign ofnPhantasia, the land of magic, had called for him. She had given himnthe task to save Phantasia, but he had no idea how to fulfil thatntask. His brave horse Artax had carried him so far and Atreyu trustednhim to carry him even further until he found a way to accomplish whatnthe childlike empress had asked him to do…\"[Chapter 3] \"You are the chosen one…\" the words of the childlike empress still rang in his ears. He slowly raised his hands towards the sky as if in prayer, but then, woodlanders never prayed. They only believed in the positive magic of the luck dragon and the empresses' words on love and peace. It was all he could do to fight all the doubts that were in his heart. Atreyu himself had never thought of anything like that to happen to him. Now he was the chosen one, a fate he knew he could not escape. The empress had chosen him to save Phantasia. He was only a boy, a woodlander, simple and free and never had he thought of a task like this being appointed to him. But he had grown since he had left the village, he had changed. And now the empress of Phantasia had given him the Auryn. It weighed heavy around his neck but he was careful not to touch it too often. He knew about its power to fulfil wishes but he was also aware that there were always consequences. Atreyu knew that he was on a quest that might cost his life, yet he had no idea of how to do whatever was asked of him. The empress had been gentle and kind, but even though her peaceful eyes seemed to smile all the time she talked and listened to him, the boy was sure she had been able to see right through him. So she had seen the fear that could take over at any time, she had seen all the doubts and anxiety in him. But still, she had entrusted him with this mission and the Auryn. The empress had known then that this boy, yet untried and untested, was incorruptible, even by the overwhelming power of the symbol of the childlike empress. The reins held tightly, he stepped forth, shaking as if to loose the negative feelings. His brave horse Artax neighed quietly and followed without hesitation. Atreyu half turned and patted its neck. The fur felt warm underneath his hand and gave him the strength he needed to go on. He didn't know where to go or what to look for, all he knew was that he had to keep moving. Hopefully, the answer to his questions would wait for him some place and reveal all the information he needed. Up until now, this wish didn't seem likely to come true. Atreyu sighed and with one hand felt for the Auryn. At least, it was still there. The sun slowly settled in the western sky, Artax slowed down and deliberately led the woodland boy towards a large tree which seemed to provide shelter for the night for both boy and horse with its thick and wide branches. Atreyu tied the reins to a strong branch and loosened the girth to take off the saddle off of the back of his brave horse. He took the blanket and placed it on the ground to make it a little more comfortable. After these many days of travelling he felt a little sore and longed for a good night's sleep. After he had fed and gave water to the horse, he found a handful of berries for himself and then lay down to sleep. For long minutes – or so it seemed – he stared at the darkening sky until it was so dark that all he could see were clouds and faint distant stars. He slowly drifted into dreamland. A rustling sound startled Atreyu in his uneasy sleep. He opened his eyes and examined the morning sky overhead. There was nothing there, only a slowly rising sun chasing away the last traces of the night. No wind, no birds, nothing. Where did that strange noise come from? There it was again, accompanied by light laughter. That brush over there on the left shook a little, then the one on the right. Atreyu jumped to his feet. \"Show yourself!\" he demanded with a shaky voice. His bow and arrow ready at hand, he carefully watched the surroundings. There, he heard the laughter again. This time it was nearer. He swirled around. \"Who are you?\" he yelled, his knuckles white around the wooden bow. \"You are the chosen one!\" came the laughing reply. \"You don't know anything! Who are you?\" he demanded. \"Maybe I'm your friend?\" The voice was light as a bell. \"Who knows?\" \"Show yourself!\" Atreyu was on the edge of loosing patience. The creature – it seemed female, at least as far as Atreyu could see - cocked her head to one side. Looking deeply into Atreyu's eyes. In a strange sensation, the boy felt as if his soul were suddenly laid bare and being read. \"You carry a great burden…\" Unwillingly, Atreyu's hand shot up to the Auryn, clutching it. \"Do not worry, it is not me who will take it from you. And by the way, it cannot be stolen, it can only be given away.\" \"I know that!\" he snapped. \"I know that…\" he repeated more softly when he saw her smile a little. Somehow he knew that he could not trick her. \"You didn't answer my question before. Who are you?\" \"My name is Derra.\" She smiled. \"Derra?\" That rang a bell. Where had he heard that name before? The creature that was standing before him did not look anything like the Derra he used to know when he was only a child, the Derra from the Woodland Village where he had been raised as the son of all. But the strange gleam in her eyes told him without exception that this was Derra. She had always looked at him like that. There had always been this tiny but knowing smile in her eyes with which she used to tease him back then. How could he ever forget such a smile?[Chapter 4] Bastian carefullynturned to the next page. His interest was peaked. Derra? Who was shenand what was she doing there all alone? He had found out so muchnabout Atreyu and the childlike empress, so why were there no clues onnthat strange girl? There were so many questions and all he knew innthat moment was that only reading the next pages would answer thosenquestions. Bastian made himself more comfortable on his bed, then henturned his attention back on the book. \"Atreyu went over tonArtax and was just about to climb on his broad back, when Derra tooknhis hand and….\" \"Bastian!\" came hisnfather's voice from downstairs. \"Bastian! Come down here!\" The boy frowned andnmade a funny face. Why did his dad always come home so early? But henknew that he couldn't let him wait or else his father would comenupstairs and this wouldn't make things easier. Bastian closed thenbook and hid it underneath his pillow, just in case. When he left thenroom, he glanced back to check if the book was well hidden. Somehownhe felt that he needed to make sure. \"Bastian!\" The boy spun around andnraced down the stairs. \"Yes, Dad?\" henasked as innocently as possible. \"Where have younbeen?\" \"In my room.\"nBastian answered truthfully. \"I didn't hear you,nso I assumed you were still at school.\" \"Dad, you should knownby now that school finishes at 3.10 pm and with the 10 minute walknhome, it's more than likely that I get home before you.\" \"Don't be such ansmart-aleck.\" \"Hey, maybe I'm thenwise cracking street kid that mum said I was, after all.\" Bastiannlaughed while his father tried to keep a straight face. \"Have you done yournhomework yet?\" \"Dad! I just camenhome…\" Bastian pouted. \"But I will do them soon…\" \"How about now?\"nHis dad smiled. The boy's facendropped. \"Ok…\" He knew that it was no use arguing. So he wouldnhave to do it now. Slowly, he turned, his head hanging a little, andnmade his way up the stairs again. He went into his room through thendoor he had left open and stared onto his bed. The book was stillnthere, he could see it. He had never been so immersed in a story asnhe was in this one, even though he had only read a few pages. Henlonged to go over to the bed, pull the book out from underneath thenpillow and start reading again. But he knew that his father would benquite upset if he found out that Bastian didn't do his homework.nThey always got along so well so the boy didn't want to ruin hisnfather's trust in him. With a frown, Bastian walked over to thendesk and sat down. He opened the math exercise book and startednworking. After an hour or so henclosed the book with a sigh. \"Finally!\" he saidnand stood up. Now his father wouldn't have anything to worry about.nNow he could go on reading this weird book. Pulling it out from itsnhiding place, Bastian squatted down on the bed and made himselfncomfortable again. His back ached a little from doing the homework. Anxiously, he openednthe book where he left off. Thank god, the lines were still there. \"Atreyu went over tonArtax…\" Bastian started again. \"…and was just about to climbnon his broad back, when Derra took his hand and held him back. Thenwoodland boy turned and looked at her. \"Why are you here,nanyways?\" he asked…[Chapter 5] The boy was confused bynher odd smile. She just stood there as if she belonged here andnalready knew everything. \"I live here.\" Shenanswered plainly. \"You live here?\"nAtreyu's eyes widened. \"Nobody lives here. This is…this placenis…\" He didn't know how to say it. \"My people said thatnnobody lives here!\" \"Then I guess yournpeople are wrong about that? I live here.\" She said again and nownturned away. Atreyu stared at thenlittle girl-like creature which he once knew, or so he thought. Henhad not seen Derra and her brother Fyn in long years. Now he realizednthat he had never spent much time with the outcast, even though theynlived together with the woodlanders in the woodland village. And thennsomeday, almost unnoticed, they had vanished from the face of thenearth. Atreyu hadn't really noticed, as well as hadn't all thenothers in the village, for the outcast were a kind of people whonnever got involved with everything and anyone. But now that henthought about it, so were the woodlanders. None of the elder ones hadnever spoken about the outcast, none had ever mentioned them againnafter they had gone missing. None had ever cared. Derra looked strangenbut also so familiar as if it had only been a few days that he hadnlast seen her instead of long years. And she seemed to change. Everyntime he looked at her, she seemed to have grown older, even thoughnher outer appearance did not change. Artax neighednimpatiently and the boy turned. \"I have to go now.\"nAtreyu said and took the reins again. He would return to the woodlandnvillage and then think of a way how to complete the task given to himnby the childlike empress, even though he still didn't know whatnthis task was. The horse took a fewnsteps forward but was held back by the girl-like creature. \"Seek truth,ninspiration, knowledge and never despair. Abandon neither heart nornhome. Keep that in mind and please don't ever forget about the truenmeaning of these words. They will save your life some day soon.\"nShe said and touched the Auryn. \"So will this. But remember, therenare always consequences…please, keep that in mind as well, Atreyu.nMy coming to you has its consequences, too, for me and for you.\" \"What do you mean?\"nAtreyu couldn't keep the shiver from his voice. \"What's thatnsupposed to mean?\" \"I wasn't meant tonstay here for such a long time. I wasn't made to endure. Everythingnin Phantasia is never-ending, never dying, but I am not a part ofnPhantasia. My time is here is ending. You may ask how I know… Injust know. And now it's my time to go…\" she said with a sadnsmile. \"What? Why?\" Thenwoodland boy grasped her hand and squeezed it tightly. She onlynsmiled and pried his fingers from her wrist. \"You have to bencareful on your journey for there will be friends and foes. But I amnsure that you will complete the task given to you. Just believe innyourself and your strength.\" \"But I'm just anwoodland boy!\" Atreyu exclaimed. \"How could I possibly…\" Derra didn't let himnfinish. \"Why would you settle for a world in shades of gray? Younwouldn't want to let the beauty die, the colours, everything thatnis surrounding you, now would you? Don't you sometimes wonder hownyou make it through the days these days?\" She smiled again. \"Youncan do it. You have to…\" The boy sighed andnlooked down to the ground. \"I have to…\" This revelation took anfew moments to sink in. When he then looked again at the strangencreature, she could see desperation in his dark eyes. \"Don't give up.nThis is Phantasia! This is your world. It's all about imagination.nWithout the imagination of you, of everyone here in Phantasia, therenwould be nothing left. Not you, not me, not the childlike empress, nonPhantasia at all.\" Her old wise eyes smiled at his questioningnlook. \"Don't you see? There's magic all around you. You'renpure magic yourself. And with all this beauty and magic, you can onlynsucceed. If you believe…\" \"Believe in what?\"nAtreyu snapped. That girl spoke in riddles. \"In imagination…innyou!\" Derra's voice was calm and serene which made the boy regretnhis anger immediately. He suddenly felt apprehensive about the tasknhe was to fulfil. The girl-like creature noticed the change in himnand gave him a sad smile. \"Inknow that it is hard. But you can do it. You may think that you haventaken on a task you cannot fulfil. You may blame your destiny. Butndestiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not anthing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.\" Atreyu looked her withnawe. But with the smile she now gave him, she seemed to change. Hernfeatures blurred and suddenly Atreyu could almost see through her.nShe started to shiver and the boy knew no other way than to take herninto his arms and hold her. She was frighteningly cold. But still, in her eyesnhe saw her strength even though it was fading fast. She did not weighnmuch, but as the boy held her in his arms, Derra sank to the groundnand dragged Atreyu with her. \"I don't want tonleave you…\" he said with desperation as she covered his mouthnwith her already freezing fingers. \"Carry me with you in yournheart…\" her voice was failing. \"I will…\" henwhispered. Atreyu held on to her as she closed her eyes. \"I won'tnleave you…\" he cried out with tears running down his cheeks. But she reached out tonhim with her ice cold hand and touched the tears. \"You have to movenon. You have to get your task done and return to the ivory tower withnthe answer. That is your destiny.\"[Chapter 6] Bastian wiped acrossnhis face with one hand and felt hot tears straining his cheeks. \"Whynare you crying?\" he asked himself aloud. \"It's only a story!\" But he knew that it wasnmore than just a story. He had begun to feel so connected to bothnAtreyu and Derra and had actually been able to feel everything thatnthey felt. That had never happened before. And now he understood whatnMr. Coreander had meant with \"there will be friends\". Atreyu hadnbecome more than a friend, it almost felt as if he had become anbrother. A brother that Bastian had always missed. He realized thatnDerra, the mysterious girl who had been with Atreyu for a part of thenjourney would not return, but she had told him important things. Henlooked at the drawings which accompanied the story and for the firstntime saw an image of Derra. She did not look like he had imagined,nshe was smaller and frailer than he had thought. She was notnbeautiful, but in her eyes, even though Bastian could only see themnas a blur in the painting, shone distinctively ith wisdom andnmagnificence. This reminded him so much of the last image he had innmind of his mother, the last time he had seen her that day in thenhospital, the day she died. She looked lifeless yet powerful, like ancreature from a dream that everyone knows but can never remember. Bastian realized thatnhis fingers were softly touching the page of the book, almostncaressing it as if to will Derra back to life. He had been coveringnthe last sentence, the sentence that ended the story, the sentencenthat described the girl-like creature lying dead on the ground. Hendid not want to read it. With a frown, he sniffed and closed the booknbut while he was doing so, he spotted another image on a page furtherntowards the back. Quickly, he opened the book again, on the pagenwhere he had left of, the page that contained the image that had madenBastian so sad. He turned the page, but all he saw was the same imagenand the same sentence. He turned another page, but it stayed thensame. Frantically, he turned the pages again and again but he couldnnot move forward in the story without reading every single bit of it.nWith a deep breath – as if to inhale strength and courage – hengrabbed the book and continued to read. \"Her face was pale,nyet soft. Atreyu suppressed the sobs and felt so hopeless, so lost,nso sad. But Derra's last words had reached his heart. With shaking fingers,nhe turned the page now and suddenly realized that the story was notnover. He could almost feel the pen scribbling over the pages, writingnthe lines that had not been there only a few moments ago. Carefully,nhe brushed his fingertips across the paper as if to feel whether thenink was still wet or not. Of course it was not, this was an ordinarynbook after all. But the more Bastian thought about it, the lessnordinary it all seemed.[Chapter 7] \"Did you know thatnDerra still lives in the deep forests?\" \"Derra?\" Yoni'snconfused smile let him know that she did not know what he was talkingnabout. Yoni was too young at that time, she probably had not evennbeen born then. Atreyu turned to Tartus but the latter only shook hisnhead. \"Are you talkingnabout Derra of the Old Folks?\" Don't you know? She is dead, allnof them are dead! They've been gone for many years. Atreyu, what isnwrong with you? Why do you say such a thing?\" Tartus said. \"Nobodyncan survive for so long all by themselves. Derra is dead…\" Atreyu felt a hotnshiver running down his spine. Had he been hallucinating? \"Don't younremember? She left the day you arrived. And you were only a baby thennwhile she was at least as old as Yoni is now.\" Atreyu shook his headnfrantically. So he had never met her? He, the son of all, had nevernseen Derra before, but then how was it possible that he had seen andnrecognized her? What devilry did its work there? But then henremembered. He had only recognized her because of the smile. Maybe itnhad not been Derra at all? Could he have been so mistaken? ","Summary":" Thisnstory is set after the book, the original 3 movies and before the dvdnmini series with the fou"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"The Craft: The Book of The Movie","Author":"BlackOrchid","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/420736","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Craft1[Chapter 2] Craft2[Chapter 3] The Craft: The Book Of The Movie Chapter 3: The Fourth It was pretty, the way the branches intertwined with the fence. rnSarah peered through it to see Chris play football. It *was* tempting,rnseeing him get all sweaty and athletic and stuff. She so wanted him,rnto make her empty life complete. But life was not that simple. A rough female voice shot through the air. \"Sarah!\" She turned to face the three girls, walking towards her from the trees. rnGreat, she thought, now I have stalkers. \"Looking for someone?\" Nancy asked, flashing her a sly smile thatrnwas, Sarah guessed, suppossed to achieve some semblance of \"friendly\". \"Some of these football dicks make them watch them practice,rnas if it's interesting,\" Bonnie explained. Nancy sneered. \"Yeah, like girlfriend over there...Chris Hooker.\" Sarah suddenly felt stupid, pathetic, to have these girls know aboutrnher silly crush with a guy that was addmittedly a jerk. \"I...I don't even know him...\" Rochelle sighed...she was the only one equipped to step in and be thernwelcome-wagon, it seemed...had to, couldn't let this one slip away. Bonniernhad told them all about how the girl made the pencil move by itself, andrnanyone capable of Poltergeist stuff like that definitly put them furtherrndown the road to Manon than without. \"Nancy's *sorry* for what happened in Biology,\" she said, brushing arncurl behind her ear, \"And she's mean to everybody, so don't take it personally...\" Sarah looked at Bonnie. \"You're Nancy?\" \"Uh-uh, she's Nancy, I'm Bonnie, and that's Rochelle.\" \"Hi, I'm Sarah...\" But Bonnie cut her off. \"We *know* who you are...\" Sarah thought back in apprehension to the pencil, and Chris's admonition. Nancy smiled hopefully. \"You...want to go for coffee?\" Sarah couldn't get caught up in this, she knew if she said yes doorsrnwould open that were better left shut... \"No, I can't, I gotta get home...my dad's waiting for me...\" Obviously this appeal to familial duty did not hold water with Nancy,rnwho guffawed loudly. \"You can make something *up*...\" Somehow, Nancy's words freed Sarah in a strange way, made her smile. rnThe girl seemed so wild, so unencumbered by society's rules. Therernwas a danger around her. So tempting... \"...Rochelle's ditching practice,\" Nancy continued. Just then, Sarah remembered Chris. She felt like she was almostrnbeing disloyal to him by going off with the girls. She looked back at himrnin indescision. Nancy knew exactly what was going through her headrnand answered as if she read her mind, \"He comes on to anything with tits, Sarah.\" \"Except me,\" Bonnie piped in. \"I'm...not watching him,\" Sarah said, feeling pathetic again. \"He spreads *disease*...I speak from personal experience.\" Sarah was shocked to see the seemingly invulnerable Nancy make suchrna candid statement...the shock showed on Sarah's face, and Nancy hatedrnthat someone saw past the armor. \"Goooo Chris!!!!\" Nancy shouted out to him, \"C'mon, go for the pass,rnbaby...\" Chris turned to face the voice and couldn't stop his legs from tanglingrnup beneath him. Sarah couldn't help but giggle as she saw the Mighty Chrisrnbrought down to the ground. Nancy looked grave. \"He's a *jerk*.\" The lines from an old Smiths song sang through Sarah's head, You shut your mouth, How can you say I go about things the wrong way I am human and I need to be loved Just like everybody else does... Nancy touched her arm. \"C'mon...\" And she confidently started walking, not waiting for Sarah's reply.rnBonnie was not so confident. \"So you're coming, right?\" \"Where are we going?\" \"Shopping.\" \"C'mon,\" Rochelle said. Sarah began to panic. If she went off with them, went to whereverrnthese girls went, her life would be altered forever, she knew it. \"I, I don't have any money...\" \"We get a five-finger discount...\" \"A five-finger discount,\" Sarah said in resignation...oh great, shernwas going to go shoplifting with them and end up in juvy hall...that wouldrncertainly be life-altering! But still she followed them. *** *** *** \"Sarah, where'd you live before?\" Rochelle asked. \"San Francisco...\" \"Why'd you move?\" \"Because it sucks ass there...'cause my dad wanted to...\" \"It sucks here too...\" \"And I need a car here,\" \"You need a car everywhere,\" Nancy said. Then she noticed something. rnSarah's wrists. \"What's up with that?\" she asked, pointing at the white lines that crossedrnthe girl's wrists. Sarah was so uncomfortable by the question she wanted just to run away...butrnshe had gotten used to it by now, and knew the best way was a straightrnanswer. \"I...slit my wrists...\" \"S-sorry...\" Nancy answered, embarassed. It was startling how Bonnie took her hand and examined the scar thernway one would a rare flower. \"What'd you do it with?\" \"With a kitchen knife...\" \"You even did it the right way,\" Bonnie said approvingly. \"Yeah...\" Sarah said, puzzled and sickened at her strange sense of pridernat the ingenuity. Such a tragedy immediately put Sarah into Nancy's book as \"cool\"--beforernthen she was nothing but annoyed by the seemingly pure white-bread girl. \"Punk rock!\" she said, grabbing Sarah's arm, pulling her towards her,rnand putting her arm around her shoulder in a show of solidarity. rnSarah was a little taken aback by the girl's forwardness, but in a goodrnway. She had finally found some friends. Meanwhile, Rochelle turned to Bonnie in concern. \"The *right way*? How do you know the *right way*?\" \"Shut up, Rochelle...\" *** *** *** Goosebumps travelled up Sarah's arms as she entered the magic shop. rnLirio's -- the woman in the Stevie Nicks dress making strange hand gesturesrnover a bowl of herbs must be her. Sarah thought: *Totally weird.* Tons of candles, that muchrnshe understood. You use candles to...set mood. To decorate. rnBut the African statues on one table, bundles of what looked like choppedrngrass on another...this lady must be into some straaaange stuff. rnVoodoo maybe? Or maybe just Bellvue... But the woman looked kind though, her long soft brown hair and largerndark eyes...she sort of reminded Sarah of her own mother, as strange asrnthat sounds. Sounded strange because Sarah's mom certainly sharedrnnone of the kooky instrests this lady had... \"Sarah,\" Bonnie said in a summoning whisper. \"What?\" Bonnie, her eyes squinting through her greasy bangs and on the lookoutrnfor Lirio, handed Sarah a red book. \"Put this in your bag...\" Oh greaaaat, *shoplifting*...That was soooo junior high, what next,rnthey were going to filch lipstick at the drug store? \"No,\" Sarah said dismissingly as if the girl was a bug near her tennisrnshoe. She was shocked to see Bonnie, who looked so innocent, flash a disgustedrnsneer as she pocketed a smaller item. \"Everything in nature *steals*, you know...big animals steal from littlernones...\" \"*They* steal for *survival*...besides, I already have a diary.\" \"This is different. You put spells and power thoughts in it, and don'trnlet anyone else read it, ever...except maybe *us*\" At the word \"spells\" Sarah's ears pricked up in alarm and for the firstrntime she really looked at the odd book...it was made of leather and hadrna triangle on it...and it made her think of the book Snow White's stepmotherrnhad in the cartoon... \"You guys are really into all this?\" Sarah asked warily. Bonnie rolled her eyes and made a secretive, evasive grin. \"Mmmmnnn sort of,\" she replied, walking past Sarah. Sarah held the book in her hands, flipping the pages cautiously, andrnstrolled towards a doorway in the store blocked off by a curtain with eyesrnon it. She didn't know why, but she felt deeply drawn to the area,rnas if it contained the most powerful magnet in the world and she was arnhelpless little metal bobby pin. As her hand clutched the fabric of the curtain and made a motion asrnif to draw it back, she felt as if she was watching someone else do it,rnas if it was not really her...which made the shock of feeling Lirio's sudden,rnfirm grip on her wrist all the more acute. \"That's *not* for you,\" the woman said in a forbidding tone. Sarah was in terror. Terror not only of being caught by Lirio,rnbut by the whole notion of her doing something out-of-the-ordinary likernthat. She was a good teen. She never got into trouble, exceptrnfor the whole attempted suicide thing, and even then she was hurting herself,rnnot anyone else... \"U-uhm, I'm sorry...\" Lirio could feel the anxiety shooting off the girl in waves, and quicklyrnsoftened her expression. She gently turned Sarah's hand around andrnsmiled approvingly. \"What a beautiful ring,\" she remarked, and rested her hand atop it. rn\"It was your *mother's*...\" Ohmigod, Sarah thought. How could she have know that? Shernsuddenly felt a little flushed, but not in a bad way. \"Ye-ah...it was...\" Lirio's head motioned at the red book. \"Are you going to pay for those?\" \"U-uh-hunn..\" The woman nodded approvingly. \"You're not like your friends,\" she said, walking Sarah to the counter.rnThen she looked at the girl more closely, playfully even. \"You know howrnto use candles?\" What an odd question. \"Yeah: you light the wick?\" \"More than that,\" she replied, holding several candles in her hand thoughtfully.rn\"Red is for love, black...Actually...\" She pulled a small paperback book from the shelf behind her. In big,rnflowery letters was the title: *The Craft* \"Why don't you read that...it explains it all.\" It was a long day, and Sarah just wanted to be done with it, so shernlooked at the tome nonchalantly and nodded. \"Okay...\" \"Twenty dollars,\" Lirio said with a big smile, putting that book andrnthe red one into a brown bag and taking Sarah's green wrinkled bill. Quite the saleslady, she thought. Hope she didn't think she hadrna customer for life or anything... \"You know, I've never read anything about this stuff before...I mean,rnI don't follow it...\" \"Maybe you are a natural witch...your power comes from *within*\" This comment floored Sarah way more than the one about her mother...butrninstead of being outraged, or terrified, or laughing it off as the delusionrnof some aging New Agey chick, it actually kind of made some sort of sen-- The rest of the girls were suddenly behind her and headng for the door. \"C'mon, Sarah,\"Bonnie said, holding the door open for her. Lirio watched the four leave with a calm, yet knowing expression. *** *** *** Downtown LA at night. Not the place you want to be, especiallyrnfour teenage girls with pocketbooks theoretically filled with Mommy andrnDaddy's cash. Maybe the others were used to it, but the police sirens,rnprostitutes, and crazy people gave her the chills. And apparently, theirrnexcursion wasn't over yet. \"You guys, I think I should head home...\" \"Just keep looking straight ahead and keep walking,\" Bonnie said. Sarah tried to mimic her companions's expressionless faces and confidentrnstrides, but there was just so much chaos and confusion there...suddenly,rna disheveled woman with a baby in her arms accosted her, \"My baby needs some food,\" the woman pleaded, her child wailing in herrnarms. \"Don't give her money, you're gonna get *nailed*,\" warned Rochelle asrnshe tugged on Sarah's sleeve. Sarah didn't know what to do...she couldn't just leave a starving babyrnlike that...and the noise from the environment...so many people...and rightrnbehind the woman... The man with the snake! He began to totter to her slowly like an excited, curious infant, balancingrna snake in his hands. \"Hey, I know you...\" She had to get away-- \"I got a snake for you--\" She had to get away, someplace to breathe-- \"Hey, I've got to talk to you...I had a *dream* about you--\" Had to get away, pursuing her through the crowd, he's getting louder-- \"In my dream...you were dead...YOU WERE DEAD!\" God! Have to get away-- \"HEY I'M TALKING TO YOU!!!!\" In her haste to flee she bumped into a tall, Vincent Pricey priest-lookingrnguy who summoned her to return to Jesus...she didn't know who was morernfrightening, she just knew she had to get away...she didn't want to die-- \"I KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT--I'M IN TOUCH WITH THE *MAN*\" The frightened girl ran into traffic, narrowly missing a car...stillrnthe snake man followed... Oh God, she just wished he'd go away, that something would make himrngo away... At the same time, the other three, witnessing the spectacle, wishedrnthe same thing, that he would go away, though Nancy's thoughts were a littlernmore extreme, her eyes cold and blazing at the same time... \"LISTEN TO ME!!!!\" Goawaygoawaygoawaygoaway--like four voices noiselessly humming, blendingrninto one... The shriek of a car's tires and scream of it's horn as it plowed intornthe man, the man's body bouncing off the windshield with a sickening thudrnand rolling down the wet black asphalt, limp as a doll, now stopping lifeless... All at once the four girls's eyes met, sheer electricity. Bonnie clutched Sarah's arm breathlessly and pulled her away. \"C'mon Sarah, let's get out of here...\" Running away, it almost felt like they had fled from murdering thatrnman with all eight of their slender little hands. But of course,rnthat's crazy. *** *** *** They headed for a wooded area behind the highway, hearts thumping, legsrnrunning, dancing, arms out as if they had the power of flight. Sarahrnhadn't felt such a sense of danger and excitement since she was a littlernkid, playing with firecrackers. \"Whoaaaa!!!!\" \"OhmyGOD!!!\" \"We hit him, the car hit him and we made it happen!\" Bonnie exclaimed,rnher and Sarah twisting excited in the wind like two schoolgirls. The thought that they could have such power was so wonderful to Nancy'srnmind that she had to shoot it down lest she be horribly disappointed byrnits inaccuracy. \"Maybe, maybe not...\" \"Definitely,\" Bonnie said she plopped down on an abandoned red couch,rnNancy next to her and Rochelle and Sarah on the ground. \"I thoughtrnto myself: it's gonna hit him!\" \"I thought it too!\" Rochelle yelped. \"Well, I thought it too,\" Nancy replied, \"but that doesn't...\" \"Sarah did too...Sarah, did you think it?\" Bonnie asked. \"Yuh-yeah...\" The previously reserved Bonnie burst forth into an excitement that madernher whole face glow, and gave promise to a beauty that might had been hidingrnall this time... \"Well that's it, you guys, Sarah's the Fourth! North, South, Eastrnand West, we can make things happen, this is it, this is real!\" Nancy couldn't fight the wide smile that overtook her face...she feltrnstoned with glee. \"Shit...\" Sarah shared in the euphoria, knowing it was wrong to grin at another'srnmisfortune, but the sheer fantasticness of the situation canceling it out. rnHer eyes were wide with wonder tempered with fear. \"Hey you guys, this is really weird...\" Nancy, seeing her companion teetering between emotions, jumped in tornreassure her and keep her on the side she knew she herself was firmly on. rnShe didn't come this far only to have things blocked by misguided sentimentrnover some creepy dead bum. \"Hey, he was after you...he was going to HURT you, man...it's not ourrnfault, I mean...\" \"Hey guys, maybe he'll really *listen* now...\" Rochelle said. \"Who?\" Sarah asked. \"Manon,\" At the mention of this thing's name the atmosphere suddenly became arnlittle quieter, a little more reverent. Sarah could tell by the placid,rnknowing look the three girls shared that it had to be some religious-typernfigure. \"What, that's like God?\" \"No, man invented God, this is older than that,\" Bonnie said, takingrna drag on a cigarette. A flask of whiskey was passed to Sarah. \"Say, do you guys worship the devil?\" All three girls bellowed in laughter, and Sarah nervously managed tornlet out a chuckle herself. \"It's like God and the devil,\" Nancy explained breathlessly, perchedrnon the edge of the red sofa cushion like a bird ready to shoot in the air. rn\"It's *everything*...it's the trees, it's the ground, it's the rocks, it'srnthe moon: it's everything!\" Sarah thought she understood. \"Nature,\" \"If god and the devil were playing football, Manon would be the stadiumrnthey played on...it would be the sun that shone down on them...\" This was large, almost too large for Sarah to wrap her brain around. \"So does things like tonight happen to you a lot?\" Bonnie asked as shernlooked at the girl admiringly. Sarah was kind of dumbstruck, almost touched...nobody had ever askedrnher that before, much less made it sound like something she should be proudrnof, like a skill... \"No, not like that...other stuff...\" Rochelle regarded the girl in awe. \"Where did you learn it?\" \"I...dunno.\" Bonnie took another sharp drag and nodded sagely. \"A *natural witch*\" \"I hate it, it's always getting screwed up...it's like, sometimes I'llrnwant it to rain and a pipe will burst in my room and it'll just get *flooded*\" It was nice to talk about such things freely and laugh with the girls,rnbut the smile on Nancy's face started to noticeably drop with each passingrnsentence. This had to be bullshit, Nancy thought: she herself couldrnnever do anything like that and she had been practicing and studying forrna long time. This Sarah chick was just starting, didn't even knowrnwhat a Book of Shadows was, c'mon... \"Yeah, right...\" Nancy sneered. \"No, really, er, um...it's like I'll want it to get really quiet, andrnI'll wish for it and wish for it...and I'll go deaf for three days straight...\" Nancy adjusted herself in her seat with a cocky flair, the flask inrnone hand and a burning cigarette in the air. \"If you can do that: ever heard of invoking the spirit?\" Sarah's face turned blank. That sounded heavy, made her thinkrnof demons. \"No,\" she answered quietly. Nancy leaned in closer, her grin ear-to-ear. \"It's when you call him...\" \"Who?\" \"Man-on,\" Nancy said, rolling her eyes at how dumb, how *pathetic* thisrnmousy little Sarah was. \"It's like...you take him into you...it'srnlike he fills you...\" Bonnie closed her eyes and tilted her head back in rapture while Nancy'srneyes glittered in glee and Rochelle nodded in bliss. Sarah beganrnto feel really uncomfortable...it was like the three girls were talkingrnabout some hot night spent with their boyfriend and not worshipping somerngod. \"He takes everything that has gone wrong in your life,\" Nancy continued,rn\"and he makes it *all better again*\" Sarah looked at Nancy in horror. \"Nothing makes everything all better again.\" Nancy's lips curled in derision. \"Maybe not for *you*\" That's all Sarah needed to hear. These were like some Manson-girlrnchicks... She jumped up and gathered her bags. \"Where are you going?\" Bonnie asked, crestfallen. \"You guys are freaking me out,\" Sarah said as she started to run away. Nancy knew it. She knew this mousy bitch couldn't handle it. rnGirl's probably scared of her own period. \"Oh-ho! She's *scared*!\" Bonnie couldn't believe that her only tangible hope for a better futurernthrough magick had just left their makeshift circle. \"Nancy, we *need* her...\" \"Like a hole in the head...\" But Rochelle managed to stay calm. She was very in touch withrnher intuition, always had been, and something told her not to worry. \"She'll be back.\" *** *** ***[Chapter 4] The Craft Pt. 4: To Be Normal Sarah walked away quickly, never looking back; she wanted to run, butrndidn't want to let anyone think she was scared. Heck, those weirdrngirls probably thought she was a big baby for not digging their \"satan\"rntalk--no, not Sa-tan. Man-on. Probably the same thing, wrapped uprnin one big cult where they drink each other's blood and sacrifice babies. rnShe dropped coins into the bus's receptacle and sat at the front--littlernold ladies be damned, she wanted to be where the driver could see her,rnnot trapped in the isolation of the back. The back--that's where the weirdos sit. Like the homeless guyrnwith the snake. He told her he saw her dead. And then she looked at him, all fourrngirls looked at him, and he... Died. No, it wasn't them. That's ridiculous. Nice safe bus, nicernsafe neighborhood with nice pretty houses... Nice soon-to-be-familiar driveway. Nice steps. Nice porch. rnHome. *** She felt like a heel lying to her Dad. About going to the library. rnWell, there were books in Lirio's shop... Books! She looked sheepishly in the brown paper bag that she hadrnbeen mindlessly clutching this whole time. Even purchasing such itemsrnas the witch \"textbook\" made her feel marked, complicit, dragged into somethingrnshe couldn't get out of. Sarah started to quietly panic: she didn't want to be one of the outcastrngirls, the girls who sit at the back and stare at everybody else! She wantedrnso very much to be normal, even though it had been so hard, growing up,rnwithout a mother, with all those horrible visions... Wait a minute-- In the corner of her eye she could see the three girls. For real. rnThey were there. She couldn't turn around to be sure if it was somethingrnelse, the shape of her bureau, anything. She couldn't dare, becausernif it really really was them, she was going to freak. One held a bell, a small brass bell, it flared golden as the light hitrnit, and crowded the vision of the girls out with its brilliance. rnSarah's heart began to thump loudly as the bell's clapper struck its sides,rncalling, calling, calling... A glance at the phone on the nighttable snapped her out of her reverie. rnIt wasn't the clear, metallic sound of the brass bell anymore, it was thernelectronic chirp of her cordless. She made the phone jump in herrntrembling hands, as she fumbled to bring it to her ear. \"H-hello?!\" \"Sarah? What's wrong?\" Chris Hooker! *** \"You sounded strange when I called last night. I didn't think you'drncome.\" They were sitting on the roof of some building, bathed in the rosy glowrnof a huge neon sign that threatened to overcome the night. \"Yeah...\" Sarah answered, trying to play it cool. To play it normal. \"I thought you'd be hanging out with those girls. The ones withrnthe weird heads.\" As she took a swig of the beer bottle Chris handed her, the heads ofrnNancy, Rochelle and Bonnie suddenly popped into her mind...three headsrnin a row like oranges on a kitchen counter. \"Weird heads,\" she laughed, \"what's weird about their heads?\" \"Well, that one girl, she has a big head...looks like a St. Bernard...\" \"Really, haha...I haven't noticed her...\" Her brain winced atrnthe lie, not because she particularly liked the girls, but because of thernprinciple of the thing: she was feigning stupidity in order to getrnher guy. That's what it boiled down to. \"I hate that \"Big Head\" thing...of course, it's better than that \"ShrunkenrnHead\" thing, with that little tiny shrunken head hanging from the rearviewrnmirror...\" \"What's your obsession with heads?\" she asked, not realizing the minernfield she just set herself up for. \"Well, I was just noticing how good yours is...\" She didn't get it. \"You like my head...\" \"Yeah, it's a good head, he said as he cradled her face in his hands.rn\"Good for kissing...\" Sarah felt a warmth flush through her body at his touch, her good ol'rnthumpy heart kicking into high gear. Trey walked by with his girlfriend. \"Well, we'll see you later, bro...\" \"Yes, it was nice to meet you, Sarah,\" the blonde girl said tornher, waving. This was the type of person she was supposed to be friendsrnwith. But the blank, contented look on the girl's face onlyrnsharply reminded her of such a female's opposite: Nancy. *** Nancy ensconced herself deep within the bowels of her room, draggingrnon her cigarette with a combination of nervousness and anger. Shernnever considered herself actually \"living\" in the space...more like barricaded,rna myriad of tacked-up pictures and half-melted candles acting as sentinelsrnagainst the threat that lay so close by, just the cheap, thin walls ofrnthe trailer standing in the way of The Horror: \"Nan-ceeeeee! Did you see the remote? Where did you hidernthe remote?!\" She screamed back at her mother at the top of her lungs, \"I DON'T HAVErnIT! LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!!\" Nancy sucked the smoke through the little cotton filter in frustration. rnGoddess, what if Bonnie was right? What if Sarah really was the fourth? rnThat would mean she really screwed the pooch in the mystical sweepstakesrnby driving her away. Well, who cares about that pathetic girl, anyway? It was clearrnto Nancy that the girl had no interest in anything else but bedding ChrisrnHooker. She wasn't the type to devote herself to their Craft. She took another drag, remembering Chris's touch. *** Sarah's eyes suddenly widened in concern as she watched the couple leavernand Chris sarcastically bidding them farewell. \"C'mon,\"Chris said, taking her hand, \"let's go to my house. Nornone's there.\" Sarah pulled her arm away shyly but firmly. \"No, I can't...I gotta go home.\" The light left Chris's eyes, leaving his look hard and cold. Sarahrnhoped he'd understand. She just didn't do things like that...justrnlike that... \"Alright...\" he slowly muttered, turning away for what seemed like eons. rnIn that unbearable time frame Sarah felt a whole gamut of emotions, nonernof them good: guilt, stupidity, fear. \"Are you mad?\" she asked timidly. \"No,\" he said a little too fast, a little too loud. *** Nancy slept with a recently-extinguished red candle held against herrnchest. She did what she had to do, more to comfort herself than in thernbelief anything would really happen. Nothing ever really happened,rnno matter how much she begged Manon, chanted to him. That red candlernused to be quite tall, almost a foot-and-a-half long; it saw a lot of usernlast summer, mostly in conjunction with a certain doomed affair with Chris. rnShe remembered how she stared into the flame, picturing her beloved comingrnback to her... *** Sarah really thought things would be ok, as she methodically unwrappedrnsome more items from a box. A red crystal bowl...she walked aboutrnthe partially furnished room, looking for a spot where it would look justrnright. Maybe he'd be a little hurt, that's all. I mean, he really didn'trnexpect her to do it just like that, on a first date. She wasn't arnslut. *** In magic, you had to concentrate on one thing at a time. One wishrnfor every spell. You had to focus. Nancy had long since gave up on Chris. Chris couldn't make herrnhappy. Chris couldn't save her from the white trash trailer hellrnshe found herself born into. Only one thing could do that. One presence. *** Sarah found herself early for class, so she sat down and started tornget a jump on her homework. She half-heartedly expected Chris torncall last night, to tell her that everything was ok...or at the very least,rnmaybe a hastily scribbled note stuck in her locker : \"Hey Sarah, what'srnup? --C.\" But nothing happened. Oh well, the day was young. rnMaybe he was shy about yesterday, afraid he hurt her feelings. Maybernlater, after class, she would be bold and make the first move. A voice spoke in her head: \"You, bold? Oh, you have no idea, Sarah...pathetic!\" Nancy, Rochelle, and Bonnie suddenly appeared before her desk. rnShe was so wrapped up in her thoughts she never noticed their approach. rnNow she was surrounded. \"So hot stuff, how'd it go?\" Nancy, looking at her with this smug, poisonous expression. \"How'd what go?\" \"Your date with Chris\" How'd...how'd they know? Maybe they really were wi-- \"What are you talking about?\" Sarah asked, trying to seem bored. \"Sarah, he told everybody,\" Rochelle said matter-of-factly, as Bonniernfidgeted nervously with her hands. \"He told everybody what?\" \"That you guys did it,\" said Nancy. Sarah felt a stab of adrenaline in her heart. \"But we didn't. Do it.\" Nancy's big, blue, globe-like eyes shined ominously as she told thernhorrible tale. \"Well, maybe he was just trying to save face then...Because he was goingrnaround the whole school,\" her voice dropped to a whisper, Nancy, so considerate,rn\"saying that you were the lousiest lay he's EVER had, and coming from him,rnthat's pretty bad.\" \"No, he didn't..\" \"He did...\" \"He said the same thing about Nancy,\" Bonnie chimed in. Sarah felt as she was in a nightmare, a living nightmare that rivaledrnher dreaded snake-visions in sheer horror. For the first time shernnoticed the group of girls staring. Laura Lizzie and her friends. rnThe normal girls. The look they branded into Sarah's soul was: Slut/Freak/Loser. \"Told you he was a jerk,\" Nancy said. *** There had to be some mistake, Sarah thought, all the blood rushing tornher head and making her feel feverish. She walked away from the girlsrnas if in a trance and headed straight to Chris and the boys by the lockers. rnNo. There had to be an explanation. Nancy must have made itrnup. So she would join her witch-club. Things like this didn'trnhappen. People were civilized. If you were nice to people,rnpeople were nice to you. Nobody goes around saying things like that,rnthings so hurtful, just to hurt-- She took a deep breath and addressed him \"Hi...can I talk to you for a second?\" Chris was standing behind Mitt, almost like...hiding from her, guiltrnscrawled across his face. \"Chris?\" Mitt suddenly stepped forward. \"I'm sorry, Chris is really busy, maybe we can set something up (nicernjacket) for sometime later in the week?\" She ignored the annoying little turd and continued, \"Why'd you lie about me?\" Chris suddenly turned on her. \"Look, I don't want to go out with you again...ok?\" he said loudly,rnso everyone in the hall could hear and share in her humiliation. \"Stop begging, it's pathetic...\" He mock-pleaded, walking away. There was that word again. \"PATHETIC.\" That word that wasrnsteadily torturing her, self-torture... She wanted to say some thing witty, something nasty, something...somethingrna girl like Nancy would say. But she could only bite her lip andrnsay: \"Hey Chris...Fuck you!\" Chris was a bit taken aback, he didn't expect her to stare him down...whatrnhe expected, frankly, was for her to burst into tears and beg his forgiveness. rnAnd maybe, just maybe, he'd let her \"forgive\" her. Hey, that's howrnhe nailed Nancy... \"Nah,\" he said as he disappeared down the hall, his voice breaking likerna pimply 12-year-old. Trey turned to Mitt: \"But I would.\" Mitt, also a bit disappointed that Sarah's emotions were hardier thanrnhe figured, nevertheless felt heartened by the wet beginning to accumulaternin her stoic eyes. \"She's going to cry...and then I'm going to cry...and then we're allrngoing to cry!\" And Trey and Mitt laughed all the way to next period, leaving Sarahrnto lean against the lockers, staring into space as her vision blurred.[Chapter 5] The Craft Chapter 5: Personal Hells Rochelle loved the quiet & solitude of standing on the high-dive board. Looking below her she saw an azure paradise of rippling blue water; looking straight ahead of her, she saw nothing but \"sky.\" She saw the act of diving as one of purification, baptism. It would not be exaggerating to say that Rochelle regarded the entire act of swimming as not simply a mere \"sport\" – it was a religious experience, on par with any ritual utilizing chants & candles. She confidently looked ahead of her at the sky, and then began her graceful descent. Laura Lizzie and those other racist Barbie Dolls were millions of miles away... \"Shark!\" Rochelle's nervous system registered a momentary blip of terror...momentary, but it was all that was needed to throw off her dive and send her splashing into the water flat on her back. As she fell through the water, the laughter of cruel girls could be still be discerned... Rochelle let the blue darkness envelop her flushed cheeks and hot skin as a protective barrier. But she knew she couldn't stay there forever. \"Brilliant,\" Laura mockingly complimented her, clapping her hands as her crony watched in evil glee, \"Superb!\" Rochelle angrily avoided the faces of her tormentors as she grabbed her towel & left the pool. She tried to be dignified, but it was hard. Her mother always told her to just \"stand tall\" and not let people like Laura know that she hurt her. But then she remembered what her grandfather told her... If you don't stand up to them, they'll never stop. They'll never stop. Rochelle initially decided to go along with her mother's approach. She calmly walked into the locker room and pretended like nothing was wrong, ignoring the fact that Laura was preening her long bleached locks only a few feet away. Laura turned to her friend & gestured at her hairbrush with a frown. \"Oh yuck, it looks like a pubic hair got on my hairbrush...oh wait, it's just one of Rochelle's.\" As the muscles in the back of Rochelle's neck tightened & her teeth clenched, she suddenly decided that her grandfather might have been right on the money with this \"dealing with prejudiced idiots\" business–after all, he personally boycotted the buses in Alabama. Hmm...she could grab Lizzie by the hair and smack her face into the counter...but such violence was personally beneath her & besides Lizzie's hair was so brittle it'd probably break off anyway. Rochelle walked right up to Lizzie and looked her in the eyes. \"Why are you doing this to me, Laura?\" Laura's formerly wicked smile of derision suddenly became cold & serious...Rochelle didn't know which expression was the more disturbing. \"Because I don't like Negroids .\" Rochelle was too horrified by Laura's statement to even think about challenging the moronic term she used. Sure, she knew there was some racism in the school. It was subtle...ok, maybe not-so-subtle. After all, the only girls who befriended her there were Nancy & Bonnie. But the racism was unspoken. Until now. She felt like crying, but it was not something she did. Bonnie sunk into the baggy black overcoat she wore and tried to lose herself in her own little world. In that world, she could wear T-shirts & halter-tops...maybe even a bathing suit! It was the world where Manon made all the pain go away... But she guessed that in the real world, doctors were supposed to do that. In theory, anyway. \"I must tell you again, this is a very experimental procedure...\" Bonnie blocked out the droning voice of the doctor & her mother's timid \"We understand.\" Experimental procedure. That always meant pain. And in the end, she still looked the same. Like a lizard-skinned freak. A nurse directed Bonnie to the changing-room. As she took off her clothes, she meticulously avoided looking at her body. She was very good at that. Bonnie placed her head in the depression cut out of the table. The table was probably designed that way so she wouldn't have to see the long Hellraiser needles poised right above her back. Yeah, her mom's quiet acquiescence to any and all doctors waving a \"miracle cure\" in front of her face did annoy her sometimes. But Bonnie was really glad she was there in the operating room. She was scared to death. She figured she shouldn't be, since she went through so much of this already...like she should be \"used to it\" by now. But each procedure was different. Except for one thing... She felt the needle plunge into the rough, mottled skin of her back. \"Aieeeeeee!!!!!!\" ...they all hurt. The wind pounded upon Sarah's window, incessantly, pleadingly. It was going to be quite a storm, tonight. Let the whole world be swallowed up, for all she cared. No. It wasn't the world's fault. The world was fine. The world was fine, Chris was fine, everybody was fine. The problem was with her. She was pathetic. If she went away, the world would be a better place. That strange, mean voice spoke to her inside her head again: \"But you already tried that. You already tried going away. But you couldn't even do that right. So terribly, completely pathetic.\" Sarah ignored the howling of the storm and the darkness of her room. In her mind's eye, she could see the fluorescent glare of the bathroom of her old house...how the cruel sharpness of the straight razor contrasted with the cozy decorative soaps and potpourri... ...how the blade sunk into the flesh of her arms like butter...she didn't even feel that...it was so unreal...she only knew...that the visions had to stop...the isolation had to stop...it all had to stop...time had to stop... Was that mean foreign voice dwelling in her brain then? Telling her that she was pathetic? Telling her that she had better just \"get on with it\"... ...get on with it...her blood-soaked hands shakily grasped the glass of water...get on with it...take these pills...do it right...do it right... She had lost so much blood that she was unable to maintain her grip on the glass, and it plunged towards the tiled floor and shattered into a thousand pieces...a thousand pieces, amongst the cruel spatter of the blood... her blood... And then Sarah was back. In this new house. During a storm. Nancy pulled the black PVC of her jacket up above her head in an attempt to protect her from the storm. Taking public transportation home & then walking 5 blocks from the bus stop in the pouring rain...yep, she thought, sounds about right. For my So-Called White Trash Life. Oh look, here's my trailer now... She always thought she was better than this life...wasn't she smarter than the other kids in school? Isn't that why she got the scholarship to go to St. Benedict's? Those spoon-fed rich brats couldn't hold a candle to her academically. That's why they all hated her. Well screw them. Screw everybody. One day the magic will work. I mean, really really work. And all this won't matter. Really. A drenched, beaten dog nervously skittered out of her way as she passed. The lights went out as soon as she stepped though the door. Bzzzt. The shrill of her mother's frantic, drunken voice shot through the house: \"Ah geezus, the lights are off again?! Didn't you pay the bill?\" Several strategically-placed pails & bowls accented the decor of the \"family room\" (ha!), nearly overflowing with leaked water from the flimsy ceiling. \"It's the storm, Grace, it's the connection, Grace,\" her step-father said, his big, fat, stinking carcass lying upon the threadbare couch. I'd like to strategically-place the barrel of a gun against that lecherous bastard's bald head, Nancy thought, gripping a lighted cigarette and making a b-line for her room. She fell onto the bed without even taking off her jacket. Just lying there in the dark, feverishly wiping rainwater off the skin of her face. \"Well, the other neighbors' lights aren't out,\" her mother continued. \"I give you money and you can't even pay a bill? A bill? What are you good for?\" \"You know what I'm good for,\" that horrible scumbucket replied. Great. Now she would probably have to listen to them have sex. Disgusting life. Nancy kept wiping the water off her face, then rubbed her eyes, then just wanted to erase herself from the whole disgusting scene. She read in books hat she had the power to manifest her own reality...that she had the power...and she wanted to believe that...but what did she have to show for it? She acted so confidently about the spells & Manon in front of Bonnie & Rochelle...but deep down...she feared...what if she was wrong? What if she was simply delusional, driven half-mad by rejection, abuse, and self-hatred? What if... \"No! It has to be!\" At that moment, the lights suddenly flew on.[Chapter 6] I want to first thank all the people who have wrote reviews and encouraged me to continue this. I'll never make a cent off this book, but if it has given you pleasure then it's been worth it. Hope to have this finished in time for the tenth anniversary of the movie in Spring 06. The Craft: Book Of the Movie Part 6: The Visitation You would hardly think that the four girls attentively scribbling in their notebooks during Biology had only a night before been in complete Hell–each one in her own unique hell. But the sun had to rise eventually, and with it...a new hope, a new energy. It was weird. By all rights Sarah, Nancy, Rochelle and Bonnie should have been depressed. By all rights, they should have given in. But Manon had other plans. \"Hey Sarah,\" Nancy furtively whispered, craning her head past Bonnie to grab the light-haired brunette's attention. \"You wanna go on a little...field trip?\" \"Miss Downs,\" the gray-habited nun sitting at the front of the class chided the Goth chick with the short, elegantly coiffed black hair, \"I hate to interrupt your little social gathering...\" Nance, Bonnie, and Rochelle immediately broke into hysterics...it was hard not to when that silly skeleton with the slack jaw and the goofy grin was hanging next to \"Mother Superior\" like that. The fourth girl tried to stay serious, gluing the corners of her mouth down as if she was too enraptured by the intricacies of the protozoa to notice. She wasn't sure how she was to act around them, if they were friends or what. Though didn't the Mean One just ask her to go out with them? Field Trip? \"Sorry, Sister,\" Nancy spit out between badly-suppressed laughter. And the laughter was, apparently, infectious. Sarah let her defenses melt away with the sound of her own giggling. She was In. The name of the bus they rode was called \"Second Wind,\" and it was very appropriate. For despite the sunglasses-clad quartet's outwardly sulky, tough exterior they felt quite happy and excited, possessing the same buoyant energy as the three rugrats with the blond pigtails that were staring at them. Sarah's first instinct was to smile and wave at them–she adored children, and hoped to be an elementary school teacher some day. But she couldn't lose her \"cool pose,\" couldn't break ranks with the others. And Nancy? She hated Brats. So...defenseless, puny. Pathetic . And what were the Brats staring at, anyway? Nancy lowered her red-black shades at the children, staring at them coldly. \"Mommy, is it Halloween?\" one of the kids asked with all sincerity, the others twisting around in their seat to watch the four girls exit the bus. It wasn't that they were dressed all that weird–you know, except for Nancy, all-black and Gothic as usual. But it was just...the confident way they walked, confidence mixed with a faint air of superiority & menace. The shades didn't help. And Sarah, Bonnie, and Rochelle had as of late taken to the custom of wearing pagan-like jewelry and other subtle, witchy items–due in no small part to Nancy's influence. The spot they chose to get off at was near a local nature-walk, but somewhat on the deserted side. The portly, mustachioed bus-driver said in a patronizing, well-intentioned warning, \"You girls watch out for those weirdos.\" Fool. How could he have known about their plans, about the fact that they wanted to be alone? Hell, they could more than defend themselves. Didn't \"snake guy\" find that out the hard way? There was something about that bus driver that reminded Nancy of Stan. She looked back at him with mocking eyes as she descended the last step and planted her booted foot on the sidewalk. \"We ARE the weirdos, mister,\" she said with impudent glee. The woods were certainly bedecked in all of Manon's glory, dappled sunlight bathing the four girls, birds gliding past them. They enthusiastically chatted amongst themselves about the magick they were about to embark on, the first real, purposeful magick they would perform together. Shall I see tonight, sister, bathed in magic greet Shall we meet on the hilltop, where the two roads meet Poor Bonnie hung back a little from the other girls, unable to fully enjoy the warm beauty of the day–unlike the others she wore a long, heavy coat. Hiding herself, even from her friends...so ashamed of the scars that she never asked for or deserved. But maybe this time...Manon would listen. It was so crazy to think that, to hope for a miracle... Danger is great joy, dark is bright as fire Happy is our family, lonely is our ward \"Earth, Air, Fire, Water...\" In the clearing Nancy, Bonnie, Sarah & Rochelle sat, holding hands, bowing their heads down in concentration, and chanting the Elements. \"Earth, Air, Fire, Water. Earth, Air, Fire, Water...\" It was not merely enough to say the words, Nancy had taught them, but they had to mean it, live it, see the elements real and vital in their minds... Each had a particular element \"assigned\" to them. Nancy was Fire–no surprise there. Bonnie was Air, though ironically she spent so much of her life too bundled up in obscuring layers of clothing to really \"air out.\" Rochelle the award-winning swimmer was Water. And Sarah was Earth. \"Earth\" \"Air\" \"Fire\" \"Water\" And as they chanted, there was a subtle shift in the world around them, in their immediate surroundings. Everything, all the living bits of Nature, seemed to be just a wee bit more attentive than they were before. Even the blades of grass...seemed to lean towards the girls as if attracted by the sun. The pretty African-American girl with the corkscrew curls rested the blade of the athame gently against Bonnie's chest. Perhaps to a clueless bystander, the sight of these two standing in the middle of a field pointing knives at each other would seem...crazy. But there was a method to it, and Bonnie seemed completely calm. \"It is better that you should rush upon this blade,\" Rochelle said, \"than to enter the Circle with fear in your heart. How do you enter?\" \"With perfect love and perfect trust,\" Bonnie answered, reciting the words as she had been taught. Nancy looked on approvingly as Rochelle handed the blade over to Bonnie and the two girls shared a chaste kiss on the lips. Then Bonnie approached Nancy and pointed the blade at her. \"It is better that you should rush upon this blade than to enter the circle with fear in your heart. How do you enter?\" \"With perfect love and perfect trust,\" Nancy replied solemnly. A knot tied in Sarah's stomach. She was next, having started the ritual by pointing the athame at Rochelle. But that was Rochelle. Rochelle and Bonnie, they were fine...but Nancy ? Pointing a blade at HER? The light-haired brunette felt guilty as she tried to stifle the tide of suspicion and fear that rose up her body, as the pointy blade poked harmlessly but poked nonetheless at the base of her heck, Nancy Downs at the other end of it. \"It is better that you should rush upon this blade than to enter the circle with fear in your heart. How do you enter?\" For a second Sarah could hardly speak, could hardly speak as she looked into Nancy's cold blue eyes. She felt almost...dead. \"With perfect love...and perfect trust.\" \"That's a girl,\" the Goth girl replied with a faint smile, offering her cheek to receive Sarah's kiss. Then Nancy thrust the blade high into the air... \"As above...\" ...then sunk it deep into the ground. \"...so below.\" Nancy had always said to the girls that they would never involve blood in the rituals...that it wasn't the sort of magick that they did, that blood was only for the left-hand path. But surely a tiny little drop of the stuff as pricked from their fingers with a pin...surely a little bit dropped into the communal wine chalice wouldn't hurt? It was as fine an altar as ever was spread back in times of the Golden Age of Magick–crystals, runes, tarot cards, even a clay pentacle. Sarah placed a framed photograph of her late mother in the mix as well...it seemed strangely appropriate, as if there was something the still figure in the sundress could contribute to the proceedings. The other girls sucked at the still-fresh wounds on their fingers as Rochelle brushed back her hair and picked up the chalice. \"I drink of my sisters,\" she began, \"and I ask for the ability...to not hate those who hate me. Especially racist pieces of bleached-blond shit like Laura Lizzie.\" Rochelle smiled in confident defiance and drank from the cup. \"Right on,\" Sarah said in support, taking the silver chalice from her friend. \"I drink of my sisters, and I ask to love myself more, and to allow myself to be loved more by others...\" She produced a photo from inside a book and dropped it upon the altar guiltily. \"...especially Chris Hooker . I know it's pathetic...\" \" Definitely pathetic,\" Rochelle chimed in good-naturedly. Pathetic , Nancy thought to herself darkly as outwardly she showed concern and simply nodded her head. Sarah having drunk her share, the chalice was passed on to Bonnie. By this point Bonnie had gotten \"brave\" enough to let one side of the coat fall off her shoulder a bit, revealing the horribly scarred skin beneath. Here, away from the world, surrounded only by her \"sisters,\" she could take the chance to let a little bit of her Self show... \"I drink of my sisters, and I take into myself the power to be beautiful... outside as well as in.\" Now it was Nancy's turn. It suddenly struck her the awesomeness of her position, her opportunity to petition the Great Manon for anything she wanted. She paused for a few seconds, her mind racing. What should she ask for? Money? Chris back? What ? She cleared her throat and began, \"I drink of my sisters,\" she said slowly and carefully, \"and I take into myself... all the power of Manon .\" \"That's all?\" Sarah asked with light-hearted sarcasm as Nancy drank. And Nancy drank...and drank...and drank until the red wine spilled down her chin. \"Blessed be,\" she said with a large grin when she was through. \"Blessed be,\" the other girls chimed in, laughing. \"Thought you were going to burp,\" Sarah added through a giggle. In fact the girls were having such a splendid time being silly that they didn't notice the first butterflies... Then Rochelle tilted back her head. \"Oh my God,\" she said in wonder as she took in the sight of the hundreds of golden winged creatures hovering above them. \"What?\" asked Sarah. \"Look!\" The quartet gasped at the beauty of the etherial creatures that now surrounded them. \"It's Manon,\" Bonnie said matter-of-factly, voicing what the others silently knew without a doubt. \"He's listening to us,\" Nancy said, wincing at the sound of her own breathless shock. She never thought this would happen. She never thought that this would really happen. Never really dreamed it... Bonnie tentatively let a butterfly rest upon her hand, a little frightened, a lot awed. Then she let out a laugh of pure joy. And Nancy kept staring up at them, staring past them, into the sky, into the sun, into the boundless unchanging face of Manon. Father, we are waiting for you to appear. Do you feel the panic, can you see the fear ? Mother, we are waiting for you to give consent. If there's to be a marriage, we need contempt. Danger is great joy, dark is bright as fire, Happy is our family, lonely is the ward.[Chapter 7] The Craft Chapter 7: The Warning To some of the recent commenters--chill, I'm trying to finish this puppy. Really. (Note: This is an entirely made-up sequence I've based on the one weird clip on the movie trailer showing Sarah w/scars on her back getting \"healed\" by Rochelle–this scene never appeared in the movie itself, and fans call it the \"mystery\" scene. You can find it on the DVD if you pause it just right. I was going to post it within the body of the story but it has a shirtless Sarah in it. For all the Craft \"purists\" reading this, you can skip this if you want and head over to Chapter 8 without missing anything.) xxx xxx xxx When the girls finally \"let go\" of Manon the sun was going down. They had completely lost track of time. \"God,\" Bonnie said, rubbing her left leg that had fell asleep, \"how long have we been here?\" \"I don't know,\" Rochelle replied, shaking her head full of corkscrew curls and throwing the chalice, a clay pentacle, and a few books into a bag. \"But my mom is going to KILL me–K-I-L-L.\" Nancy felt no rush to leave–not just because, unlike Rochelle's rich parents, \"Grace\" could hardly care what time the girl arrived home. \"Home\"–there was nothing to come home to. That shack with the skinny dog tied to a pole and the leaky roof wasn't her home. No. The grass upon which she sat–the big tree that only minutes ago (it seemed, though in reality it was more like hours ago) released its bounty of butterflies to bless the quartet–all of it–this was her true home. Under Manon's wide berth–wherever nature spread its wings–that was her home, her seat of power. Why didn't the other girls see that? Did their eyes shift as Nancy's had? Could they see the thin shimmer of the Power hanging upon the leaves and branches like gossamer? \"C'mon guys,\" the short dark-haired girl said, her ice-blue eyes rolling, \"let's stay a little longer, what's the problem? Didn't you see what happened? How can you worry about anything–we've got Manon on our side!\" The others looked back at her vaguely, half-absorbed in the packing up of their belongings and the brushing-off of dirt and grass from their clothes. The miracle of the butterflies was quickly receding into their memory in the face of the pressures and reassertion of reality. Rochelle's over achieving parents waiting impatiently for her by the door, tapping their watches and worrying about her SATs. Sarah's dread of running into Chris or one of his asshole friends in the halls again, so uncomfortable, so humiliating. And Bonnie–Bonnie sheepishly pulling her jacket back over her scarred shoulder, scars the very essence of Reality with a capital \"R\". Scars like monuments that last forever, regardless of the butterflies or gods that deign to visit. \"It could have been a coincidence, Nance,\" Rochelle answered in a voice that was meant to be sympathetic but grated on Nancy's ears like nails across a chalkboard. \"It's late Spring. Butterflies...do their thing this time of the year.\" \"Maybe they were attracted by the wine,\" Bonnie offered, as she zipped her jacket up to her chin. \"It's sweet.\" Nancy felt like she was drowning, like her grip on her miracle was slipping away with each \"perfectly rational reason\" each girl volleyed in her direction. In desperation she turned to Sarah. The brunette with the long mousy hair merely shrugged, her face expressionless. But Sarah knew–Sarah knew, too. She felt it as strong as Nancy. She knew. She knew and she was too damn scared and excited and overjoyed and fearful to say one word about it. xxx xxx xxx The girl speared a piece of squishy broccoli with her fork and thought: \"what if everything I ever wanted came true?\" \"Is it too cold?\" Sarah, startled from her reverie, looked up at Jenny blankly. \"Huh?\" Then she remembered--by the time she arrived home, what was left of dinner wa in the process of being partitioned out in little fake Tupperware bowls. Duh. The older woman began again good-naturedly, gesturing at Sarah's dish. \"I could just warm it up for you in the microwave, it won't take any time...\" Good ol' Jen , the girl thought. Unlike the stereotypical step-mother, dad's new wife really tried to have a good relationship with her. And they did. Have a good relationship. Though nobody could take the place of her mother... \"Uh? Oh, no, Jen, it's okay, it's fine...it tastes great! It's my fault, anyway for getting home so late...\" \"...and not calling!\" her dad called out from the living room, shaking his newspaper dramatically for emphasis. Dad–trying to be stern, failing miserably, too much of a big teddy-bear. Points for effort, though. \" Sorry ...\" Mr. Bailey immediately folded in the face of his daughter's apology. \"No, that's...that's okay, honey, I'm glad you've made some friends so soon in the school.\" He folded the paper on his lap and thought for a second, then smiled. \"Hey, you should invite them for dinner some time!\" Sarah pictured Nancy, Bonnie, and Rochelle holding a ritual for Manon on the very dining-room table she ate her clammy chicken teriyaki. As much as she liked the girls, there was something about the idea of them–especially Nancy-- crossing the threshold of her doorway into the house that bothered her for some reason...for no reason, actually. She didn't know why she thought that. It was probably because she was an aloof, crazy, mixed-up person, she thought with a frown. The pale brunette cleaned her plate and went to bed. xxx xxx xxx Rochelle? \"Yes, Sarah?\" What are you doing here? \"We're having the field trip, remember? That's why we're sitting in the grass... duh .\" Duh. Well. Anyway. \"Anyway.\" 'Chelle, what happened to my shirt? \"I'm healing your back.\" Why are you healing my back? \"Because you've got these scars, silly.\" I...Rochelle, that's Bonnie. I don't have any scars. \"Yes you do.\" No, I don–ok, actually, I guess I do. But they're on my wrist. \"They're really big scars, Sarah. Nancy can't believe how big they are. Maybe Manon can fix things. Make it all better.\" But Rochelle, nothing can make it all better... \"Remember the butterflies? You believed then, didn't you? You just didn't say anything. You believed because you have the Power. Don't you?\" Aw, come on, 'Chelle, I don't have any power...I was just exaggerating that time, about making myself go deaf for three days. And that homeless man...well, he was crazy... \"No, Nancy said you have great power. Great, great power.\" She said that, really? I always thought she didn't really like me. \"Nancy says you have great power.\" Oh...okay. Wow. Anyway...that stupid spell I did, though...about Chris...that's bogus, it's not going to work... \"Are you kidding? Chris is crazy about you. Absolutely crazy.\" Uh, really? Wow...how do you know? \"Nancy told me, of course. It's all over the school. Chris is in love with you. He can't stop thinking about you.\" Really? \" Really .\" xxx xxx xxx And in the dream Sarah asked Rochelle a hundred times, a thousand times, if it was true, if Chris really liked her. And it was all swirling in her mind...Rochelle sitting behind her, healing her bare back...Chris...the butterflies...the bloody straight-razor clinking in the white porcelain sink..and suddenly she felt a sharp thing stick into her back, at the base of her spine. And she knew without looking back that it was no longer Rochelle behind her, knew it was now Nancy, could feel that short Gothic girl's patchouli-scented breath whispering in her ear– \"Agh!\" Sarah gasped as she bolted upright in her bed, curling her arms inward protectively towards her gut & shaking. But whatever message the dream had meant to impart got lost in the sheer, crushing disappointment of being back, of being Here, in the real World...in a world where a player like Chris definitely wasn't hers, never would be. And she felt such a tide of remorse, of sorrow as she entered the waking world where she could never be together with him...and her crying, it was more than that bastard ever deserved.[Chapter 8] The Craft: Book of the Movie Chapter 8: It's Working! xxx xxx xxx It struck Chris Hooker like a bat to the back of the head–sudden and near-fatal. The poor boy was in love. Bang-bang-bang! The French teacher stopped his rapping onhis coffee mug and admonished Chris with a pedantic, heavily-accented voice: \"Regardez la page, Monsieur Hook-aire!\" Why didn't the star football player realize it before–how unearthly beautiful Sarah Bailey was! And he was bone-headed enough to trade barbs with the girl, to make her...hate him? Surely he hadn't been so stupid as to do that. Did he do that? It was hard to remember. It was hard to remember a life Before. Sarah had been purposely ignoring him the whole class..afraid to look in his direction, afraid he would see her looking at him and feel superior, give her that same old poop-eating evil grin like always did those horrid days after he had lied about her to the school. Maybe he would notice the way she fixed her long light-brown locks extra-neat that morning, with a child's barrette tucked demurely in her hair; maybe he would notice the mascara. He would notice...and he would feel Big, superior, so very worthy to have prompted this poor wretch to actually try to fix herself up. But out of the corner of her eye she caught him looking. Did she really catch him looking? Sarah buried her nose in her Deuxieme Livre . \"Do you think it's working?\" Bonnie nervously whispered, fidgeting with her pen. \"I don't know...I-I think he just looked at me, did he look at me? Is he looking?\" \"Not right now...but he just did!\" \"It's so weird!\" Sarah answered in a barely audible voice, breathing out the words. \"I know...now I know he's looking!\" \"He's looking?\" \"Yes!\" Sarah's heart tightened in excitement. \"Shhh...\" she warned her friend in a voice a little too loud itself, worrying that their heated little discussion might attract the attention of the teacher. Hell, she had Chris's attention all right. Or was it all a coincidence, like the butterflies? xxx xxx xxx The willowy brunette could barely contain her ecstasy–it was written all over her broadly grinning face, the way her eyes narrowed in mischief as she asked Bonnie, \"Is he still back there?\" She motioned with her head towards the fool who was staring desperately at her about ten feet away. The two girls were clutching their school books in their hands and headed, for all places, Mass. \"Ye-ep!\" the other girl smiled from behind her slightly-greasy strands of hair, pulling her books against her chest tighter. Bonnie held no jealousy towards Sarah regarding Chris–she was happy for her, in fact. But much more than that–she was simply jazzed that any of the magick was working at all...after so many months of \"drill sergeant\" Nancy lecturing to them about the \"right\" way to invoke, putting the girls through the paces over and over again with exhausting rituals that seemed to yield nothing! Finally! Maybe Manon was listening to them, now... Chris was now only inches away. \"Sarah!\" It was good to be Queen. \"Yeah?\" she replied as if she didn't give a shit, as if he was a worm. So quickly the tables turn! Face-to-face with the Goddess, the jock lost his nerve, his mind blank (or rather, blanker than it had been ever since he got \"hit\" with that bat.). He put his finger up to his mouth stupidly. \"N-never mind,\" he stuttered, making an awkward 180 and resuming his position behind the Queen and her Lady-in Waiting. Bonnie was floored. In all the years she had known Mr. Hooker (which included, unfortunately, elementary school), he was never at a loss for words...or ever appeared to be such a complete dork. This, in her mind, cinched it: \"It's working!\" Bonnie laughed. \"Either that or he's gone completely crazy ,\" the other girl answered glibly. At that moment she could feel him come up again, almost comprehend the warmth of his body– \"Y-you hate me, right?\" Chris asked in all wide-eyed sincerity. For a split-second Sarah processed all the interactions she had with the boy since she first arrived at St. Benedict's. French class. Telling her about the \"Bitches of Eastwick\". Football practice. Their first and only date. And then– \"No,\" she replied nonchalantly. \"You don't?\" \"No.\" \"Because you see, when you're a guy–and I am–people expect things. I mean...I know I said some nasty things about you...\" Bonnie silently walked up ahead of them; so sensitive to any sort of conflict and always out to avoid it. Sarah let out a luxurious sigh at Chris' words. \"Did you tell your friends?\" \"What?\" The two descended the staircase that led to the basement-level church, a string of flowers and ivy hanging from a fence right above Sarah's head like a crown. \"That you're a lying sack of shit.\" The boy scratched his ear foolishly. \"Uh, no...\" His expression brightened. \"B-but I will! Um...I'll tell them tomorrow, I'll tell the truth...\" Sarah had to bite her lip not to explode in complete happiness. She fought to hold her head high and curb her grin. \"Good,\" she said elegantly, as the bell tolled. \"Uh–can I sit with you in mass?\" he asked hopefully. This is too much , the girl thought, catching up with Bonnie and nearly laughing in her neck. \"Sure.\" xxx xxx xxx Sarah and Bonnie badly stifled laughs all the way into the rectory, the light of the novena candles casting shadows upon their ebullient expressions. \"Watch this,\" the lighter-haired girl said to her companion. She handed her books to Chris, who was as tame and apparently smart as a trained puppy. \"Could you carry this for me? They're really heavy...\" \"Yeah,\" Chris robotically replied. \"And Bonnie's too–she has a bad back.\" Bonnie plopped her books on top of Sarah's and posed in scoliotic agony. Sarah then impulsively took the bag off her shoulder and hung it around the boy's neck like a horsefeeder. Then the two young women skipped ahead of him and gleefully chuckled behind their hands. It wasn't just the thrill of laying low such an insufferable tyrant as Chris had been. It was something more...it was...the first stirrings...of Power. MeanwhileMitt and the rest of the Hooker entourage had been witnessing the emasculation of their friend in abject horror. \"Hey Chris,\"Mitt called out across the pews, \"can you hold my jock for me? It's kinda heavy.\" Now, Mitt was no sentimental flower, but the way his buddy looked back at him with these two expressionless doll eyes cut him to the quick. More than that, it creeped the shit out of him. \"What are you, Stepford Boy?\"Mitt did an impromptu Boris Karloff/shambling zombie routine but it failed to stir the least bit of emotion or even recognition in his friend. \"Sit,\" Sarah ordered playfully. And the boy sat. She rewarded him with a concerned touch on his wrist. \"Pay attention,\" she said as if she was one of the teaching nuns–but her thoughts were far from Holy. Fleeting images of the two making out crossed her mind, and what interesting applications such a hold over the lad might yield– And as the girl giggled like a 12-year old and basked in the glow of the complete subservience of the boy she always wanted (or rather, always wanted as of this year), she remained blissfully ignorant of the fact that Mitt's was not the only pair of deeply concerned eyes watching the spectacle that was unfolding amidst the statues and flowers and incense. \"Her spell is working,\" Rochelle excitedly whispered in Nancy's ear. \"Check it out, her spell is working!\" Nancy's jaw set tightly as she pretended to be too engrossed in her book of Kabbalah to notice. xxx xxx xxx Another meeting of the St. Benedict's Witch Club and Knitting Circle was in order, and it was Bonnie's turn to host. A bookcase full of beautiful porcelain dolls and well-loved Cabbage Patch Kids stared down blankly at the crew as they lounged on pillows before the TV and horsed around. Actually, only Sarah, Rochelle, and Bonnie seemed to be grooving with it–Nancy detached herself subtly from the others, still apparently plugging away at that pesky Kabbalah. The glow from the screen flared eerily off of the petite goth's black PVC pants as Bonnie tried to toss popcorn in Sarah's mouth. \"It's hard, you know,\" Bonnie explained after missing. 'Chelle took a drag from her cigarette. \"You're like, you're like two feet away from each other!\" She then groaned as Nancy reached across her body to snag the ashtray. \"Uggh!\" \"I'm not that heavy,\" Nancy answered with a grin, suddenly getting pulled back into the energy of the group. \"Yeah–you're light as a feather,\" drag-puff-puff , \"during deep space travel!\" \"I am, actually...\" \"Did you guys ever play that game?\" Sarah suddenly asked. \"Light as a feather, stiff as a board?\" And after the gang answered in the negative: \"One girl lays down, and you surround her, and you put your fingers underneath...\" the light-haired brunette wiggled her index and middle finger together. This brought a wicked thought from Nancy, who mimicked the hand expression. \"You put your finger where ?\" she asked with a wicked grin. xxx xxx xxx How do I get into these things , Rochelle wondered, as she closed her eyes and folded her arms before her. It's because I'm black, isn't it? Sigh! Rochelle was going to be the focal point of Sarah's childhood game \"Light As A Feather, Stiff As A Board\". She lay on the wood floor as the girls knelt beside her–Sarah and Bonnie on one side, Nancy on the other–with their index and middle fingers underneath her body. Nancy had been the one to suggest the candlelight–freakin' Nancy, it always had to be a ritual for her! \"Now you have to imagine that she's incredibly light,\" Sarah explained, \"like she was made out of air..\" It was time for Bonnie to get cheeky. She had actually washed her hair for this little getogether and put it partially up–and didn't look half bad. Must have been Sarah's spell-workin' mojo rubbing off of her. Or maybe just the simple fact that now she had a reason to hope . \"Now, is that her whole body or just her head?\" \"Cow!\" 'Chelle shot back. \"Guys, c'mon, concentrate–or it's not going to work.\" Properly chastened, the other three girls drew breaths of concentration and tried to appear serious. But Nancy just couldn't help it... \"I think I just sprained my finger,\" she said with her patented Downs 2000-watt smile. \"Guys, focus!\" Sarah admonished above the peals of laughter. \"C'mon you guys, c'mon, ready? Light as a feather, stiff as a board...\" She and Bonnie and Nancy shut their eyes and began in unison: Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. And their hands started to slowly rise, along with Rochelle's prone body. But they hardly paused a second to acknowledge the feat, they just kept going: Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. Light as a feather, stiff as a board. And slowly, unconsciously, Sarah felt her fingers slip away from under her friend. And she opened her eyes. And Rochelle was still there, eye-level to the astonished girl. \"Holy shit,\" she said in a tiny voice. Bonnie, who, along with Nancy, had also let go of Rochelle, couldn't even speak, her teeth just clacked. Nancy's big ice-blue eyes swelled in her head as she placed her hands over her mouth and let out a low guttural gasp. The girl was floating in mid-air! But Rochelle, who by this time was one yawn away from falling asleep, was clueless. \"You guys, it's not working.\" Then she made the mistake of opening her eyes and glancing to her left. \"Whooooa!\" Her eyes flitted from side to side; she was too afraid to move any other part of her body. \"Shut-up, or you're going to fall!\" Sarah said automatically, instinctually understanding the arcane dynamics of this bizarre event. \"W-who's got the instructions!\" \"Shhh–keep concentrating...\" \"Amazing!\" Bonnie exclaimed. As if on cue, her mom entered the room after a perfunctory knock. \"Hi, got clean towels for everyone...\" Rochelle dropped to the floor before the mother could see anything, though the heavy thump followed by laughter and \"oh my poor butt!\" still alarmed the older woman. \"What's going on in here? Are you getting high?\" Bonnie ran to grab the towels and whisk Mommy away. Getting high? Oh, she had no idea ...[Chapter 9] The Craft: Book of the Movie Chapter 9: It's All About The Power Note: The last scene of this chapter is an actual deleted scene from the film. You can find it on the special edition DVD under \"special features\" xxx xxx xxx Can I touch you, are you out of touch I guess I never noticed that much Geranium lover, I'm live on your wire Come and take me whoever you are Nancy wasn't satisfied. Oh sure, that neat trick with Rochelle was good for a while, satiated her hunger to see the magick...but at the end of the day it was just a trick. A trick . Of course, there was the whole business with Chris to consider. But what good did it do her ? All it did was make her feel like shit. The petite goth didn't totally believe it was the magick, either. Chris obviously liked Sarah more than her. Who wouldn't choose Sarah over her? Truth was, Nancy hated herself. Hated where she came from, hated how she looked like...even hated her brilliant blue eyes. Thought they \"popped\" out of her head, were too big. Yeah, Nance put up a good, tough front–you had to, in order to survive. Because somebody was always looking to take what was yours, to pull one over on you, to take advantage of you. And she learned those lessons at the altar of Mom's host of clients/boyfriends, Stan only being the latest of them. Well, once she had the power of Manon, that would all change. Nobody would dare touch her ever again. Unless she wanted them to. But she wasn't going to get anywhere being part of the \"ooh look, a floating body!\" cheering committee. The girls were getting too complacent. They hadn't performed an official spell since the field trip. It was time to give them a gentle push. She's a lot like you The dangerous type She's a lot like you Come on and hold me tight xxx xxx xxx Nancy stretched her arm carefully over the steaming slices of pizza and condiment containers that littered the outdoor lunch table and handed the thin volume to Sarah. \"This is what I've been talking to you about,\" she said with a crisp smile and the voice of a perky saleslady, \"an invocation. It's the next step.\" Bonnie and Rochelle craned their necks over Sarah's shoulders to look at the pages. On the left side was an odd, medieval-looking illustration of four girls dancing around a tree. Nancy continued. \"It's no ordinary spell, however. This one has to be good. It's for keeps. If we do it half-assed we're in danger of pissing off Manon.\" \"But this spell calls for animal sacrifice,\" Sarah said in a matter-of-fact voice, frowning. The little raven-haired girl with the slicked-back 'do and the black PVC jacket sneered and sucked her teeth. \"It does not say anything about animal sacrifice, Sarah...read the chapter. We just need to bring them to the ritual. Like...witnesses. Witnesses to Manon.\" \"Well...\" As Indiana Jones might have said: why did it have to be snak es? The whole issue of snakes gave Sarah the heebie-jeebies...snakes, insects, and rats just about horrified her more than anything else in the world. Note to self, she thought–put Nancy on snake detail. \"... okay . Alright. I guess besides that this ritual doesn't look too hard to set up. Between the four of us we have enough candles to light up the LAX runway during a blackout.\" \"Cool,\" chimed in Rochelle, taking a swig from her soft-drink can. \"It's settled then.\" \" Not exactly,\" Nancy said, lacing her fingers together and keeping them folded on her tray. \"In order for this spell to work, we're going to need a higher grade of magick book. Llewellyn Press just isn't going to cut it. Lirio has a couple that might be exactly what we need.\" She paused to clear her throat. \"But they are not going to be cheap.\" Sarah imagined asking her father for an advance on her allowance for the next year so she could buy a book of witchcraft. Uh... no . \"Are...you sure a certain book is really going to make a difference, Nance? Maybe we could find something in the librar...\" That was all the petite Goth could take. Inside angel, always upset... \"Who introduced this to you, Sarah!\" Bonnie's eyes fell on the book in an attempt to disassociate herself from the tension and Rochelle sighed lightly. \"How many years have you been studying the Craft? Please tell me...because I've only been reading this stuff for, gosh, I don't know–my whole freakin' life !\" Maybe that wasn't exactly true. But even as a little girl Nancy had been fascinated with stories about magic and spellweavers–first the fairy tales, then \"The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe\" (though she hated the ending), then Tolkien. She remembered this goofy little TV special she saw when she was like 10–\"The Worst Witch.\" Always witches with her, always making little \"spells,\" leaving little bundles of herbs and whatnot in places to freak her mother out or scare her johns. She liked being spooky, giving the impression that she had some sort of Power. And studying the books on Wicca, that was a natural progression for her. But the book she wanted to purchase for the invocation–that had nothing to do with Wicca. And now Sarah was standing in the way. Nancy bet she was doing it on purpose, wanted all the power for herself. Bitch. Keep on forgetting that we ever met... Meanwhile, Sarah–oblivious to the vaguely dangerous train of thought that was churning through Nancy's brain–merely felt like a wet blanket, a coward. Not a \"team\" player. That's probably why she had so few friends in her old school. She was a big drip. \"I'm...sorry, Nancy. You're right. Big spells need...big books.\" Buoyed by Nancy's sudden placated feline grin, the girl with the long brown hair nodded in resolve. \"I say we all chip in for it. How much could it cost?\" That's a girl , thought Nancy. Can I bring you out in the light My curiosity's got me tonight She's a lot like you The dangerous type She's a lot like you xxx xxx xxx In the days that had followed, the girls went through the oddest transformation–odd partially because they hadn't even done the darn spell yet. What was that change...that made them walk with their heads held high and seemed to make them radiate beauty & personal power? Was it all in their heads? Had the trick with Rochelle and all this planning for the invocation fooled their minds in thinking they were more popular and successful than they were? What convinced Bonnie to properly take care of her hair and to actually show some skin (even if it only was her unscarred legs)? What took the cares away from them that had plagued their lives so oppressively only weeks before and allowed them to laugh carefree together as sisters during a sleepover? That girl blissfully chowing down on the Ben and Jerry's–what made her forget that she carried the ravages of third-degree burns from a childhood injury on her back? That girl with the corkscrew curls telling a saucy joke and rubbing her sock-clad feet together in content–what made her forget all the racist bullshit she had to put up with at St. Benedict's? That girl leaning against the headboard and giggling and looking at an image of Elizabeth Montgomery from \"Bewitched\" and actually identifying herself with the beautiful and self-confident character–what made her forget that she tore her veins open only a year ago in a bloody attempt to end her life? And that girl on the bed, slightly apart from the others, lost in reoccurring reveries concerning magick and power–what made her forget being molested by Stan? An animated Samantha Stevens wiggled her nose. xxx xxx xxx \"This–school–is– ours !\" Nancy crowed triumphantly as the four roamed the open-air cafeteria of St. Benedict's. The museum directors with their high shaking heads They kick white shadows until they play dead They want to crack your crossword smile Nobody dared make fun of them anymore–at least not to their face. Jocks and preps and cheerleaders alike all scrambled, it seemed, to get out of their way. And surely it was not because they were so scary, so monstrou s–if anything, the girls never looked so hot in their entire lives. They all dressed rather alike now–Sarah, Bonnie & Rochelle taking a fashion cue from Nancy. Rosary beads and gothic necklaces draped their necks–Nance going one further and actually having the guts to wear her pentagram. And gone were the layered, drab clothing that hid so much...even though the boys feared them, they couldn't get their eyes off of the girls, either. Neither could a few of the priests. Nancy blew a kiss at one of them. Sarah thought– this is the best time of my entire life . This moment, right now. And I didn't even need Chris for it. I guess I'm over him, after all. It was so silly for me to have gotten so worked up over him. That moment when the four did their victory march through the school–Sarah freeze-framed it in her mind and would often look back at it. So happy. So innocent. So clueless. xxx xxx xxx Target: Laura Lizzie Sarah's mission: to help 'Chelle get a little payback. Little Miss Bleach Blond in her Keds strutting down the hallway, so oblivious to what was going to happen as soon as–Sarah got–close enough– Snatch! The brunette's fingers deftly dug into Laura's mane & snapped like scissors, twisting around a thin lock and pulling it out. \" Ow !\" the girl exclaimed, whipping her head back to face her assailant in shock & disbelief. \"You pulled my hair out!\" \"Sorry,\" Sarah replied with a deadpan look. \"I thought I saw a bug. They have shampoo for that, you know.\" \"Stupid bitch!\" Ah, yes. Laura Lizzie. Racist. Lie-spreader. All-around toxic gal. Crying over a little strand of lost hair...just a little tiny strand of hair... xxx xxx xxx \"What do you think will happen to Laura,\" Rochelle asked with a thoughtful expression bordering on grave. They were all over Sarah's house for a late-nite meeting of the Bitches of Eastwick, and at the moment the hostess was braiding the pilfered strands of Laura's hair into the African-American's honey-brown curly locks. \"I don't know,\" Sarah replied, \"if she leaves you alone nothing will happen to her, nothing good...\" Rochelle sighed heavily and turned away. \"Fat chance.\" Then a black-and-white photograph in a beautiful, intricately carved wooden picture frame caught her eye. It was of a willowy blond in a sundress with a faraway expression on her face. \"Who's that?\" \"Oh, that's my real mother,\" Sarah answered, having finished her weaving and now consulting her spell book. \"Where is she?\" \"She died when she was having me.\" The pale brunette's fingers flipped through the pages but it was suddenly hard to focus. Yikes , Rochelle thought. I should never of asked, this is awkward. \"Sorry...\" \"It's okay,\" Sarah said hoarsely, trying to bring the words in the book in focus. \"Manon...\" Bonnie's voice cut through the room with the raw, heart-felt plea. \"...take my scars...\" She was by the fireplace with Nancy, her shirt off and the rough, discolored skin of her back stark against the light of the blaze. The other girl hovered her palms over the ruined flesh in a healing motion, trying to project energy into the dermis. \"...give me beauty outside, as well as in...\" She wanted to be \"cured\" so bad! It was painful to watch her rock back and forth and squeeze her eyes in desperate concentration, painful to watch because honestly the other three girls deep down didn't think Manon could do it. Making some guy fall in love & some girl levitate–there was something abstract about it, invisible, like air. But to make something so heartbreakingly physical and real as those scars melt away...they just couldn't imagine it. Correction–Sarah could imagine it. But intuitively she knew that Nancy was doing it the wrong way, that it wouldn't work with her. She couldn't explain how she knew–she hardly could explain it even to herself. But she knew, just as she knew that the butterflies were Manon's physical manifestation. Nancy just didn't have...the positive energy necessary to bring about the healing. She didn't have the requisite power ... ...and Sarah did. And if she didn't act, Bonnie would continue to suffer, continue to live a life covered up from the world. When Nancy stepped away to go to the bathroom & Rochelle was preoccupied with examining her blond \"hair extension\" in the mirror, Sarah discretely made the offer to Bonnie. The meek girl with the sweet smile and the oversized sweater quickly responded in the affirmative, as if she knew what the girl was going to say before she said it. xxx xxx xxx They agreed to perform the healing ritual in Bonnie's hospital room the night before another of those pointless \"experimental procedures\". It was a very casual facility and Sarah had no problem getting in to see her friend, bag full of goodies in tow. When the girl arrived Bonnie was in her hospital blues, sitting on the bed cross-legged and pensive, her body framed by the rain-spattered window. \"Hey, sweetie!\" Sarah called out, shaking the white tote bag. \"Don't look so glum; it's time to celebrate!\" Soon both girls were facing each other on the bed, the lighter-haired girl starting to pull things out of the tote. \"I just want you to know that everything that I have in this bag I personally stole from my parents.\" The stressed young woman in the blue gown began to relax and started to laugh. Sarah took out a bundle of green leaves & continued. \"First we have sage–for healing.\" She then took out a bottle. \"And we have sweet wine, for contentment–and to get totally shitfaced!\" Bonnie laughed again, her arms wrapped around her bent legs. \"Excellent!\" Next was a magazine. \"Elle,\" Sarah said cheekily, \"for fashion.\" Then a green container of cookies: \"Snackwells, for noshing.\" And lastly, a pink rose. Bonnie blushed. \"A rose–for beauty.\" The girls sat in silence for a second, the room soundless but for the steady streaming of water against the glass. Bonnie looked like she was a million miles away I thought. \"What?\" Sarah asked in concern. \"Bonnie, what's wrong?\" Bonnie lowered her eyes and smiled wistfully, trying to find the exact words. \"Did you know that...every morning I wake up and for a few seconds, I think I'm normal? And then I remember ...\" \"Maybe this time the doctors will do...\" Bonnie shook her head. \"No, the doctors have no idea of what they're doing.\" The girl suddenly looked deep in her friend's eyes with conviction. \"Sarah, you can make this work...\" Sarah looked away. \"No...I can't...\" \" Yes you can ! The first time I saw you, I knew it–you can fix me...\" Hearing Bonnie talk scared the hell out of Sarah...made her heart race. \"I-I don't want to screw anything up...\" \"Sarah– please !\" \"D-don't put this on me...\" Bonnie's voice choked with emotion: \"I know you can...please...please...\" \"I-I...I'll try.\" Oh, God , Sarah thought. Oh God...please don't let me mess this up, mess Bonnie up. Please don't let me hurt her...like I hurt my mother... xxx xxx xxx The lighted bundle of sage illuminated the dark hospital room. Sarah made an improvised sign of the cross/pagan hand gesture, blew a kiss at the leaves, and waved the smoking object over Bonnie's back as she lay on her stomach. The prone girl had her eyes clamped shut in anticipation and fear. Oh, God, please give me the power... After a few passes with the sage Sarah dunked the bundle in a glass of water; she knew intuitively that the sage had \"absorbed\" much of the negativity in the skin. Then it was time to touch the special preparation of healing oils she made–equal parts jasmine, patchoulli, ylang-ylang & myrrh–and anoint her friend's back, kissing the sacred ointment before she did so. Bonnie flinched slightly at the touch, but out of the sudden sensation, not any discomfort. \"Goddess of healing, let it begin...healing without, healing within...\" The girl on the bed started to moan softly as if in pain...the spot where Sarah was touching her...it was starting to feel like it was...burning... Sarah frowned in disbelief at Bonnie's reaction, and at the heat and \"buzzing\" that was plaguing her own hand. Yet she continued...to stop a spell in mid-performance would be a far worse thing to do. \"Healing your spirit...healing your skin...goddess of healing...let it begin.\" The other girl started fidgeting, rubbing her forehead against the mattress in a sweat. \"Ow...it's..it's hot!\" But Sarah would not–could not–stop the spell, only look on in horror, only continue to be this powerful conduit of Manon's...and the feeling...like being plugged into a light-socket...buzzing..powerful... \"Sarah, it hurts !\" Buzzing, powerful, burning...so much energy...can't stop... \"Sarah... aieeeee !\" Suddenly the window's shutters burst free of their puny lock, sending the teddy bears and get-well cards flying to the floor as a strong, hot gush of wind and rain shot through the room. Sarah could feel the body of Manon standing directly behind her. She's a lot like you The dangerous type She's a lot like you Come on and hold me tight[Chapter 10] The Craft: The Book of the Movie Chapter 10: Just Desserts Rochelle always got a \"wormy\" feeling in her stomach when passing by Laura Lizzie and her cronies at swimming practice; she absolutely hated the bleach-blond for turning what was otherwise a depply pleasurable & relaxing experience into one to be dreaded. But this morning 'Chelle felt a peculiar sense of confidence, one that she fully didn't recognize until she walked out onto the diving board, Laura's eyes on her person & the crisp sensation of cool damp wood under her feet. \"Don't hit your head on the diving board!\" Lizzie bellowed out to her favorite target. With her yellow locks covered by a wrinkled rubber cap and a limp towel over her body, she didn't look so intimidating anymore. Pale wet skin covered in gooseflesh...mean eyes. Hmm , something told Rochelle: hmm, that girl doesn't know what she's talking about, she has no idea. Hmm, that girl...that girl, you don't have to worry about that girl anymore. 'Chelle didn't question the voice in her head; it sounded enough like her not to be alarming. She merely returned her rival's spiteful gaze with one of steely confidence. Laura's attention left the corkscrew-haired girl and focused instead on post-swim grooming. Hurried, thoughtless fingers pulled the black swim-cap off her head; and with the cap, a thick, wavy rope of her own hair. \"O-oh my... God !\" Now her hands flailed in a panic through her mane, strands of hair falling out left and right. \" Oh my God !\" If she could have seen the back of her head--a courtesy that a hairdresser might perform via the strategic placing of mirrors at the more fashionable salons--the girl might have become even more frantic than she was. Her scalp was scaly, blistered, and an angry red hue. \"What's going on!\" a Laura-ite inquired in horror as she witnessed the shedding. \"I-I don't know! What does it look like? Oh...gross!\" And far above the concerns of mortal women stood 'Chelle--tall, proud, vindicated, and not the least bit confused or clueless over the commotion under her. She merely flashed a tight, sharp smile, threw her arms up, and made a flawless double-flip and clean dive into the serene chlorinated blue below. xxx xxx xxx With all the monitors, overhead lamps, and sharp electric pokey-things the examining room appeared to be something out of Frankenstein...but to Bonnie, it was just \"another pass.\" The youngish looking doctor with the severe page-boy finished undoing the back of the girl's polka-dotted robe and turned to Mom as if the patient wasn't there at all. \"Now I want you to remember that we might have to make several passes before we can see any results.\" Bonnie ducked her head in frustration, avoiding the faces of all in the room. It's like I don't even exist , she muttered in her thoughts; nobody really sees me in school, and nobody sees me here . She had done such a good job covering herself up and becoming \"part of the background\"--which was much more preferable to being the center of ridicule--that nearly made herself pop out of existence in the world. Another voice spoke inside the confines of her skull: but what you really want is to be noticed, don't you? You want to be the center of attention...you know, just like Laura Lizzie. You always say that Laura is a slag, but secretly you want to be just like her. Don't you? The voice sounded too much like her own thoughts to give her any pause. \"Is it any better?\" the girltimidly asked, two huge monitors displaying the ruined, pink skin that the doctor began to reveal with the careful pulling-off of bandages. \"I can't tell yet, dear,\" her mother answered with a sigh, the concern on her face giving the fearfulyoung womanher answer. Bonnie held her breath, looked to the left--stared at some nondescript piece of medical equipment--and seethed silently as the icy rounded part of the doctor's scissors traced an invisible line down her back. Images from the healing with Sarah flashed in her mind, memories of how sure she was, up until about two mintues ago, that it really was going to come true. But that was crazy to even hope for. Insane. Insane to think that things could work out, for once ... A tiny bud of a tear started to well up in her right eye as the nurse's camera kept whirring and snapping. \"What does it look like,\" the freckle-faced girl asked Mother warily. \"I-I don't know yet...I don't know...\" But unless the monitors were faulty, it seemed as if the latest Procedure--much like the 12 or so others--hadn't \"took.\" Poor Bonnie-Baby , Mother thought... and she was so happy lately, with her friends (even though the three girls were a little \"weird\"). Mother was afraid that this latest failure would send Bonnie spiraling into another depression, causing the girl to lock herself up Rapunzel-like in her tower... And then the unexplainable happened. The rough, misshapen skin that had been a part of the young woman's life since she was a little girl and almost died began to...give way. It wiped away clean under the untreated gauze the doctor was gingerly dragging across her patient's back. Wiped away like some mess that merely needed to be cleaned up. \"I can't believe it,\" the doctor said in a trance. The nurse suddenly became too distracted to continue photographing, and the metallic noise from the camera ceased. And below Bonnie's injured dermis, the purest, sweetest skin imaginable shone radiantly, like that of a newborn child. \"W-what?\" the patient asked in initial terror, primed to expect the worst. \"It worked . The treatment worked!\" The girl's neck almost incurred whiplash as she turned around to see for herself. In less than 30 seconds Yesterday's Bonnie died, the path of her life altered forever; and such a change, though not a part of the actual, physical spell, was a bit of magic in itself. xxx xxx xxx \"Yo dude, seriously--if you don't stop, you'll go blind.\" \"Hairy palms!\" Mitt and Trey were obviously making the most of Art Appreciation class, and sharing none of the concern of the three Bitches of Eastwick who noted the usually punctual Bonnie's absence with anxiety. Their friend's latest hospital stay had come to an end the day before--and with it, the results of her latest skin-graft. But only they knew it was more than about the graft. If Manon was going to help her, it had to be yesterday, it was the crucial Window of Opportunity. And of course everybody was jazzed about Laura's heartbreak of scalp-scabbies, but they still were quietly of the opinion that erasing the horror of third degree burn scars was just too much for the Big Guy In The Sky to handle. And fragile Bonnie...how could she take it... Sarah craned her neck and whispered urgently to Rochelle. \"She was supposed to come back today, d-did you talk to her? Rochelle fidgeted with her necklace nervously and shook her head. Nancy was about to chime in when She burst into the classroom. \" Whoa ...\" Sarah intoned as all three girls--and the rest of the class, excluding the humorless grey-haired nun--felt their jaws drop open and hit the desk. \"Homeroom starts at 8:45 sharp!\" the nun chided the statuesque, gorgeous girl who strutted into class and whipped off her jacket to reveal a low-cut top and an ample bosom. \"Sorry,\" Bonnie said cheekily as she took her seat amongst her Sisters, \"my pedicure ran late!\" \"Bon-nee!\" Rochelle said in congratulations. \"Holy Shit!\" screamed Nancy. And those two weren't the only one taking notice... \"Hi, Bonnie,\" Mitt said sheepishly, turning around in his desk to gawk at the stunner and waving at her. \"Hey Bonnie, howsitgoin'?\" added Trey. And though she had been the butt of the cruel heartless jokes of these boys--as well as so many others--Bonnie's first thoughts were not of the \"how shallow!\" variety but of sheer egotistical exhileration. She had never gone to a dance, never gone on a date. Never been kissed. But now, frankly, she wanted to boff the world, no questions asked. And she loved the attention, ate it up like it was ice-cream...or heroin. And all three of her \"bestest friends\" were, apparently, so very happy for her. But Nancy couldn't stay too happy for others very long, not while she remained unloved, powerless, and Hungry. And when she caught Bonnie giving Sarah a hug and thanking her for the \"healing\", the short black hair on the back of her neck, just above her spiked collar, stood ramrod-straight. So , the petite goth growled to herself as the quartet headed out to the campus green. The bitch did magic behind my back, did she? Trying to undermine my work? And, a reaization far more painful--the only magic that worked seemed to come from Sarah. Look at what happened with Chris. And 'Chelle--it was Sarah who wove the hair, who made the chants. And now this...this deviousness with Bonnie. It was obvious. It was all very obvious to Nancy. Sarah was more powerful than she was. The angry girl sat on a bench visibly apart from the others, who were spread out on the grass clucking about their miracles and attracting the eyes of every horny boy who passed. She pretended she was to busy listening to gothic bands on her headset to care, but her steady, emotionless eyes smoldered. \"You look so beautiful ,\" Sarah said admiringly to Bonnie, slapping one of the soles of Bonnie's high heeled shoes. \"I can't believe it!\" The freckled-faced girl stopped laughing and looked back at her friend with a serious, heartfelt expression. \"It was you , Sarah-- you did it.\" \"N-no, I, I didn't do it...\" \"No you did ,\" Bonnie insisted. \"No, I, I helped ...\" \"You totally did it, \" piped in Rochelle. \"C'mon--you made Chris love you (you totally own him).\" The dark-skinned young woman smiled wickedly. \"You made Laura Lizzie's hair fall out: you have to see her, she has to wear a hat every day now...\" Nancy suddenly slung her backpack over her shoulder and left in a huff, ducking her head and ignoring her friends. \"What's the matter with Nancy,\" Sarah asked in sincere concern. \"Oh, I don't know,\" 'Chelle replied, \"I don't think her spell's working.\" \"What spell?\" It had suddenly occurred to Sarah that after all this time Nancy never did articulate what she wanted from Manon. Oh, there was that \"all the power of Manon\" jazz during the first ritual, but that was pretty vague and the girl figured she said it for \"show.\" \"I don't know...something about not being white-trash anymore. And I told her: you're white, honey, just deal with it.\" xxx xxx xxx As Nancy sits before her carefully-constructed altar of collages, candles, trinkets, knives, and varous somesuch items, it might be helpful for you the reader to understand something about the magic she practiced. It was not Wicca--dig? It was never really Wicca, though she went through her own nascent period of the Craft where she thought she was Wiccan. The very first book she read on magic proper was Amber K.'s \"True Magick\", an inexpensive paperback that laid out some Wiccan fundamentals and referred her to other works. From there she quickly poured through Scott Cunningham's \"Wicca for the Solitary Practitioner\", Marion Weinstein's \"Positive Magic,\" and some lovely-looking books with Celtic knots on the cover design. But the Wiccan tenets of treating others as she would like to be treated and \"harm none\" didn't seem to jibe with her version of reality. And to be fair to Nancy Downs, life was not always (or even often) rosy for her. Perhaps, when she was five or so, she treated others as she wanted to be treated and harmed none. And she was harmed for her trouble. Often. Long story cut short--the \"hug a tree\" version of Wicca just could not cope with the simmering cauldron of hate and resentment that had been stirring inside the girl for her 16 years. But she soon found out--thanks to Lirio's library of lovingly-stealable tomes--that there were other forms of magic. Hence the old-fashioned illo of the Devil that hung amongst the dragons, goths, and mystical symbols on the wall of her altar. Oh, she never talked about Ol' Scratch with the others in her little coven--didn't want to freak 'em out. Didn't want to share Him. So she invented a substitute--some \"god\" that could not be found in any book or bible. Some god she \"discovered\". Some god only she could call. She based Manon loosely on \"Manannan\"--Celtic god of the ocean. But she didn't really take it too seriously, it was just something to reel the others in. The Others--they would expend their magical energy focusing on this bogus \"Manon\", and meanwhile she had just cut a deal with Ol' Scratch to harvest that energy and serve Him. It was brilliant. Only--now the petite gothic girl wasn't too sure that Manon wasn't real. She hedged her bets and chanted in tongues under her breath, by that infernal altar, to both--Manon & Devil. Perhaps they really were the same. Honestly, she couldn't believe there was truly a benevolent god floating out there...not when there was so much suffering in the world. A benevolent god would not have let her been born into what she was born into. And so Nancy chanted near-silent under her breath until her throat became raw and her mouth dry, chanted in indescipherable words for her very life. I need a ssssacrifice , said the voice in her head. It wasn't the first time she was asked this, but it was the first time she actually did more than gloss over it and pretend it was just her own thoughts talking to her. \"I can't...\" another thread of her mind answered. \"I'll get in trouble...\" Sssssacrifice to me! Those who worship Me indeed have nothing to fear! \"No, I...I...\" But it was beginning to sound more and more reasonable... Sssssacrifice to me and I will bring you gold! \"I...\" Come now, pretty one...certainly there are thosssse on your foul plane who are more than desssserving of the fate? \"S-Sarah?\" No, you ninny, not Ssssarah! Not yet! I need all of your prana! \"I...I want to help you but...I don't know...what to do...\" Jussst relax...relax! And the chanting continued long after the dialogue ceased; and when she was finished she opened her eyes, felt tremendously hungry, and thought nothing further regarding her little \"chat.\" The \"voice\" sounded so much like her own that she figured she was simply talking to herself. xxx xxx xxx The highlight of Mrs. Downs' sad, alcohol-soaked life was making pop-tarts and drinking up cheap store-brand beer with her husband-slash-boyfriend (it was never very clear) Stan. She stood there in the cramped \"kitchenette\" of her trailer in ratty leggings and a gaudy sequin-studded t-shirt, her hair platinum and straw-like from too many botched Miss Clairol treatments. Her balding, greasy-haired \"knight in shining armor\" meanwhile sat slurping on a \"tall boy\", his fat stomach preventing him from getting too close to the table. His eyes perked up at the sight of Nancy emerging from her room in a silk Asian bathrobe and opening the fridge door. \" Oooh, I can almost see through this thing ,\" he said in an oily voice as he lifted one corner of the robe. \"LEAVE ME ALONE!\" Nancy screamed, hitting his hand away. \"Jesus,\" her mother said, not so much in alarm as annoyance at anything or anyone disturbing her perfect night with the pop-tarts. \"Stan, you're supposed to act like a father to the girl...\" The man sneered. \"I ain't her father...\" \" Thank God !\" Nancy shot back, washing her hands in the sink for no reason. Heck, maybe if she washed hard enough it would remove Stan from her, remove the whole horrible way he felt whenever that bastard did crap like this. She always wanted her mother to be the hero and get so upset that she'd throw him out: \"you can't treat my daughter that way!\" she would cry. But it never happened. Grace was never really like a mother to her--more like some dumb school-friend she didn't want but was stuck with. Stan took a drag on his cigarrete and chuckled. \"Oh yeah--her dad is the guy who paid you 50 bucks for a quick bang in the back seat!\" \"Hey!\" Mrs Downs said, bopping her significant other lightly on the head. Nancy would have felt vindicated by the action but she knew that in her mother's mind, they were all teenagers horsing around in the playground. Pathetic. But the man in the stale undershirt did not see it as horsing around--he leapt out of his chair and took a swing at the woman. \"You bitch ,\" he yelled as he grabbed Grace tightly on the forearm, making her cower in fear, \"don't you ever raise a hand at me...\" And so now the Beatings would begin. Just another night in Trailer Town--only Nancy just couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't take any of it--her spells failing, her humiliation at being branded the \"poor trash slut\" of St. Benedict's...the mother who failed to protect her, the men who abused her, her own self-hatred... everything ... It had...to...STOP! Nancy threw her hands up in the air and screamed. \" Don't you touch her...stoppppppp !\" A surge of electricity inundated the appliances in the pathetic little room...the light blew in a shower of sparks and the microwave door slammed open in flames. \"What the..what the hell was that!\" Grace exclaimed, running to her charred pop-tarts. But it was the formidable figure of Stan who seemed to be in the most shock at the sudden electrical anomaly...he felt a pain slowly shoot up his leg... \"You pig,\" Nancy hissed, focusing her blazing blue eyes at him. It was funny--she always had a hard time looking directly at the bastard, maybe out of fear or disgust or both. But now she had no such problem...because starring at him was necessary ... \"You pig ...\" she repeated, as Stan's eyes bulged and he clutched his heart in pain. xxx xxx xxx The paramedics almost succeeded in bringing Stan back with the paddles...but Nancy, who was riding in the speeding ambulance alongside her grieving mother, made sure it would fail. You ssssee , the voice hissed just behind the girl's eardrum, it'sss not ssso hard... ","Summary":" Craft1[Chapter 2] Craft2[Chapter 3] The Craft: The Book Of The Movie Chapter 3: The Fourth It was p"},{"Movie":"Craft","Title":"Let Forever Be","Author":"Valentina de Lourdes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/779294","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Let Forever Be By: Amaya Laurence Prologue 6:05pm, Tuesday, Samhain 1986 (31, October) A scream pierced the evening silence...The scream of a woman in labor.nLoud enough to wake the dead of New York, who seemed oh-so far away at thisnmoment. Valentino Fairchild heard the sirens wailing in the distance, andnsqueezed his wife's hand. She was in labor, and had been howlingnmercilessly. Valentino had only called the ambulance ten minutes ago, butnit seemed like ages before it would arrive. \"Just a little bit longer, sweetie.\" He cooed in Irish. \"I don't want to wait!\" Dawn howled back, also in Irish. \"I want to gonnow! It hurts, dammit!\" \"I know, I know.\" He soothed. \"The ambulance will be here in just anfew minutes.\" No sooner were those words out of Val's mouth, there was a knock onnthe door. With a small prayer, Val went to the door, hoping that it was thenparamedics and not some courtesy visitor who wanted to see his pregnantnwife. He opened it to find the paramedics standing there, with a stretchernbehind them. As they loaded his wife on, they began asking Val questions. \"How long has she been in labor?\" \"About two hours.\" He replied in halting English \"How far apart are her contractions?\" \"About two minutes.\" The EMT gave Val a funny look. \"Great.\" Turning to her partner, shensaid \"Let's get her out of here.\" 6:20pm, St. Elizabeth's Women's Hospital \"Push hard!\" Dr. Gabriel O'Connell urged Dawn. Dawn pushed hard, straining with the effort, as Dr. O'Connell peekednat her vagina to see how the baby was coming. She howled with pain, andnsqueezed Val's hand hard. Before this, Dawn hadn't worried. She had heard anfew years ago from Holly York that giving birth wasn't that bad. Obviously,nHolly had lied about her trouble with Christine. \"We've almost got the head! Push again!\" Pushing harder this time, Dawn got the baby's head through and most ofnthe shoulders. Gabriel told her that one more push should finish the job,nand it certainly did. With deft hands, Gabriel pulled a healthy baby out,nwho was already breathing on its own, and didn't even need the mucusncleared from its nose. That was some baby! The nurse announced just thennthat it was a baby girl, and asked Dawn what its name was. \"Sarah.\" Came Dawn's reply, accompanied by a weak smile. After receiving confirmation from the mother herself, the hurried onnhis way to get the baby cleaned up. Meanwhile, Dr. O'Connell stayed only anmoment longer to talk to the new parents. He wanted to make sure everythingnwas perfectly ready for Baby Sarah back at their house. 6:30pm, Doctors' Lounge \"I hope this is good, Gabriel.\" \"The baby was born.\" \"Really?\" Morgead replied. \"A girl named Sarah Sinead Fairchild. 7 pounds, 8 ounces; just as younpredicted. I wanted to clean her up myself, so it would be done the rightnway, but Jeff Simpson ran off with her before I could.\" \"It doesn't matter. But there is a change in plans.\" \"I'm listening.\" \"Let the girl go home with her parents. We'll start chasing after hernwhen she gets to 694 years.\" 6:45pm, Pathology Lab \"Here she is!\" The nurse announced. He came straight into the lab, holding a freshly cleaned Sarah. Thenfemale doctor he had talked to earlier, Samantha, was waiting for him. Oncenthe baby had been laid down, the two of them quickly slipped into robes fornthe ritual. The both were silently thanking the Goddess that Jeff hadngotten Sarah away from O'Connell, before he could do anything to her. \"Bring forth the child!\" Samantha intoned. \"What shall she be named?\" Jeff took the baby off the table and brought it to Samantha. \"Her namenshall be Sarah Sinead Fairchild.\" He replied. \"Daughter of Valentino and Dawn, your name shall be Sarah-Sinead.nBlessed be.\" Samantha smiled at the baby, and carefully took her in her arms. WhennJeff was ready, he continued the litany to the invisible audience. \"We are gathered her to welcome this child, Sarah, into our communitynand to ask the blessings of the elemental powers and the Goddess and Godnupon her. We will also listen to the pledge of those who will stand asnGoddess-parents to her. Welcome.\" Once Jeff had said his parts, Samantha took Sarah around to thenelements, making a special presentation. After Jeff gave Sarah her secretnWiccan name (not to be repeated here), he and Samantha invoked the Goddessnand God. When that was done, they were ready to hear the pledges of thenGoddess-parents. Samantha looked at Jeff. \"We didn't get anyone to be the Goddess-nparents.\" \"Who said we couldn't be?\" Samantha shrugged. \"True.\" Together, the two of them swore to be Sarah's rightful Goddess-nparents. When that was done, they finished the ritual by rubbing patchoulinoil on the birthmark on Sarah's arm (scarily identical to the one onnChristine York's arm) and Jeff hurried the baby back upstairs. Hopefully,nSarah hadn't been too badly missed. 7:00pm, Greater Queens Masonic Temple The head of the New York City Witches' Council asked the members innattendance to join hands. Once the room was linked and silent, Aria begannthe prayer. \"Dear Gaia and Cerunnos, we thank you today for the safe birth ofnSarah Sinead Fairchild, and thank you for guiding our fellow Witch from thenSummerlands back to the mundane once again.\" She paused. \"Please protectnher from wedding Morgead if it is your will, and guide her to a safe andnhappy life. Blessed be.\" \"Blessed be!\" the room chorused.[Chapter 2] Chapter One 3:43pm, Friday, April 20, 2003 Athena, Aimee, Echo and Morgaine sat around lazily, outside of thenchoir room. Chakira, M'Lila and Nasira were in the choir room, practicingnwith the rest of the Chorale. The other girls had been practicing sincen3:10, and the four of them had been chatting idlely. Strains of Rio, RionChio were drifting from the room near them, as the Chorale prepared for thenGreater New York Renaissance Festival, which began in June. \"How much longer?\" Echo wondered aloud. Aimee glanced at her watch. \"Shouldn't be too much longer. This isnover at 4:00.\" The girls were waiting for M'Lila, Chakira and Nasira, because theyncouldn't start the meeting without them. If it were any other occasion, thengirls would head off to Aimee's house, so they could do the meeting, withnor without the three missing girls. However, Chakira, their High Priestess,nwas one of the Chorale members, and M'Lila had insisted upon coming along,nbecause she had been having visions. Suddenly, the Chorale burst out of the choir room, Chakira, M'Lila andnNasira in the lead. The three girls walked directly to their waitingncovenmates, without conversing with each other, or anyone else. As theynwalked, Nasira straightened her burgundy beret and M'Lila pulled on hernmini backpack. \"Well, what are we waiting for?\" Chakira asked the group. \"Let's getngoing!\" 4:23 \"You have got to be kidding!\" Aimee exclaimed. \"Christine York can'tnbe your neighbor!\" The coven was walking down the street toward Chakira's house and shenhad casually mentioned that she lived a couple of door down from Chris.nSarah-Chakira had forgotten what an uproar it would bring. But she couldndeal with it. \"She always has been, and she always will be.\" Chakira replied calmly. \"But that can't be!\" M'Lila put in. \"You would've told us about thenthree days running up till New Years.\" \"Not if I was in Las Vegas for a few weeks.\" Chakira answered. \"By thentime I got home, Jericho was dead, Christine was safe, Satan was gone andnit was all out of the news. I didn't even know what happened, till thenmovie came out and I asked Christine what she thought about it.\" \"What'd she say?\" Athena pressed. \"She said that it was a scary experience that she'd rather notnrepeat.\" Chakira shrugged. \"I had to get her to tell me what she meant.\" \"Prove it!\" Nasira insisted. \"Ok, I will.\" Chakira pointed to the house she meant, and the coven headed over innthat direction. The entire coven was talking in an excited whisper as theynwalked. Everyone except Chakira was excited to meet the real ChristinenYork, and to hear her side of the story. It was all the same to Chakira.nShe knew the story just as well as Christine did, and felt like she hadngone through it, instead of Christine. It hit too close to home. The girls sat quietly around the living room. There was a completensilence, almost tense. Yes, Christine had invited them in, and yes, she wasnbeing nice. But it was almost as if she was searching for where to start innthe story. As if, she said she'd tell, but she really didn't want to. \"Why don't you just start from the top, Chris?\" Sarah urged gently. Christine nodded, swallowed, and began. \"It really all started when Inwas born 22 years ago. The planets were in just in such an alignment, andnthere was a bright star in the sky. A priest at the Vatican saw the star,npulled some scrolls out, and looked the star up. Apparently, it had beennforetold that a baby would be born that would marry Satan and let him loosenthe gates of hell.\" \"Eeek!\" Aimee said. \"That doesn't sound good.\" \"Oh, it gets worse.\" Christine commented. \"After I was born, I wasntaken downstairs to where I was baptized by a Satanist with rattlesnakenblood.\" \"Gross!\" Echo said. \"I was taken home and kept in seclusion for many years. After mynmother died, my dad married my nanny, who took care of me even after hendied. At least up to that point. My family didn't know it, but my nanny wasna Satanist who planned to deliver me to her master when I turned 21.\" \"Odd.\" Athena murmured. \"Jericho got into it on December 29th. The Wall Street banker he wasnsupposed to protect was taken over by Satan. About that time, everythingnbegan to go haywire. There were numerous tries on my life, and Satanistnwere running everywhere.\" \"Scary.\" Said Aimee. \"Finally, on the night of the 31st, my nanny tried to take me to hernmaster. But it didn't work. Jericho caught her, just before we were goingnto leave. There was a big fight, and she died. The fire was caused by Satannhimself, who was trying to get to me.\" \"Did he get you?\" Echo asked. \"No. Jericho saved me. Satan destroyed a church in a show of hisnpower, there was a large fight, and Satan took Jericho over. Jerichonimpaled himself on a sword to save himself from Satan controlling him tonget to me. Unfortunately, there was so much crap going on, that Satan'snbody was destroyed. The innocent investment banker died.\" \"That's sad.\" Morgaine said. \"It is.\" Chakira added. \"Thank you for your time, Christine.\" M'Lila put in. \"We never would've believed Sarah otherwise.\" Nasira joked, punchingnSarah in the arm. 6:30pm Later on, the seven girls sat around Chakira's room, talking. Thenseven Witches were waiting for sunset, when they would do their Esbat, and,nas usual, they were talking. All of them were friends with each other,nhaving met some of the coveners through their existing friends, andnotherwise. \"Shall we pass around the crystal ball, while we wait?\" Aimee asked. Athena and Nasira put heavy veils over the windows, Morgaine lit thencandles and Echo took care of the incense. When everything was ready,nM'Lila took out the ball. The girls smiled, seeing the candlelight makentiny stars in the ball. The ball was passed from hand to hand, everyone taking a few momentsnto peer within its crystalline depths. If anyone saw anything, they did notnmention it. That is, until the ball got to Nasira. She was the first tonactually see anything. \"Three men...Dressed in black...They all hold something in common...\" \"Mandy, Val and Gabriel. Known otherwise as Lucifer, Morgead andnSatan.\" M'Lila said, unexpectedly. No one questioned what M'Lila said. She was gifted with the Sight,nand often had a way of knowing things that others did not. The questionnwas, what did M'Lila know now? \"All Satanists...Missionaries, if you will.\" M'Lila murmured. \"What?!\" Aimee exclaimed. \"We don't believe in Satan!\" \"Officially, Witches don't believe in Satan. However, these three arenundeniable.\" Athena interjected. \"Continue, M'Lila.\" \"They're all perfect targets, if you think about it. MandynFrancisco...Do any of you know him?\" \"I think I saw him on Touched by an Angel.\" Morgaine offered. \"I think he's a folk singer, isn't he?\" Aimee asked. \"You're both right.\" M'Lila replied. \"But how is Mandy a 'perfect target'?\" Nasira questioned. M'Lila answered by firing a question to Morgaine. \"What did Mandy playnon that show, Morgaine?\" \"Satan.\" Was the answer. \"Ooh.\" Suddenly, Nasira understood. \"Next, we have Val Valentino. Once famous for his shows in Las Vegas,nhe destroyed his career by revealing the secrets of magic on TV.\" \"How does that make him a prime target?\" Echo asked. \"He looks like familiar images of the human form of Satan, and he'sncorrupted.\" \"Ahh.\" Came the reply. M'Lila paused to accept a glass of Sprite and to light a cigarette.nOnce everyone had their drinks and lit their cigarettes (if they wantednone), M'Lila continued with her thoughts. \"Finally, we have Gabriel Kiernan.\" \"What's wrong with Àngel?\" asked Chakira. \"I happen to be a fan! He isna great actor, the father of 2 cute kids, and he was born Catholic. I mean,nhe is the perfect example of an Irishman! Did I remember to add cute too?\" \"He played Satan in End of Days, Chakira.\" \"Gabriel also played a priest that same year in Stigmata, M'Lila.\" \"Would you like to look in this crystal ball again?\" Obligingly, Chakira took the ball back from M'Lila. She peered insidenfor a few moments, before handing the crystal ball back to M'Lila. The HighnPriestess looked fairly disconcerted. \"Morgead must've offered him a pretty raw deal, then.\" Suddenly, the group went off into discussion. They talked of thendestruction they saw, as well as what to do about it. Some of the girlsnweren't too happy about the idea of war, but, if worse came to worse, theynwere all for it. Chakira didn't say much, being lost in the caverns of hernown mind (running through the ritual, I'll bet). The conversation went onnaround her, no one noticing that the High Priestess wasn't saying anything.nFinally, she decided the discussion had to be stopped. \"I regret to inform you that this little party has to be broken up. Ifnyou'll lift the veils, you'll see that the sun has set, and we still havenan Esbat and Triple Goddess Ceremony to do.\" Chakira said suddenly. One of the girls lifted the corner of one of the veils and peeked outnthe window. Sure enough, the sun had set, and it was dark outside. At thenformal announcement of dark, the veils were taken from the windows, thencandles blown out and the incense doused. The overhead light went on, andnall seven girls began to change into their ritual robes at the same time.nThe closet doors were thrown open, as everyone tried to get their ritualnrobes from the back. A mass exit ensued.[Chapter 3] Chapter Two 6:00pm Satan's associates were spread out in their plush and luxuriousnsanctuary. Mandy sat in his office doing paperwork, while Gabriel enjoyed ancocktail in the Commune and Val took a shower. As each one did theirnseparate thing, they thought of what was on the road ahead. Mandy didn'tnmind the paperwork, even though he did it almost every day. Gabriel alwaysnhad his cocktail at six. If he didn't, it would be a rough night for thenCompound's staff. The warm shower caressed Val's body, as he thought ofnyears past. The intercom beeped in Mandy's office. \"Mr. Francisco?\" \"Yes, Concepsíon?\" \"Mr. Kinkade is out of the shower.\" \"Thank you, Concepsíon.\" Mandy put his papers away and departed. It was time for a meeting.nSarah-Sinead would be turning 21 soon, and they needed to make plans. Andnof course, Morgead would want them to start getting down to work.nEverything had to go flawlessly. The intercom beeped in the bathroom. What now? Couldn't he even take anshower in peace? Sighing, Val hit the button. \"Mr. Kinkade?\" \"What's up, Cheeta?\" \"Mr. Francisco and Mr. Kiernan wish to see you in the Commune afternyou're dressed. \"Thanks, Cheeta.\" A while later, the three men sat around the Commune, drinks in hand.nThey were all dressed in black, freshly shaven and well kept. No one wouldnmess with them. Not now, not ever. They would be moving in on Sarah-SineadnFairchild soon. And Morgead would be coming soon. \"I've talked with Morgead.\" Gabriel said simply. Val and Mandy suddenly perked up. News from Morgead? Anythingnconcerning their master was well worth listening to. Especially, with thentime to take Sarah-Sinead at hand. \"And?\" Mandy prompted. \"The conditions are ripe for our project.\" \"We cannot forget our opposition.\" Val added. \"What opposition?\" Mandy questioned. \"Don't tell me you two have been ignoring the signs.\" \"What signs?\" Gabriel responded. \"A coven of Witches has happened onto our plans. The Maiden and HighnPriestess are both gifted with the Sight, so they know what the othersncannot see with a crystal ball nor Tarot, nor any sort of method ofndiscovering the future.\" \"I'm sure Morgead will guide us.\" Mandy said, shrugging. \"Meanwhile, we'll continue as planned.\" Gabriel added. Later, Val sat alone in his chamber. Why had he agreed to be anSatanist? What had Morgead offered him, which he could not refuse? Evennnormal people would not be lured in, just by the offer of membership in thengroup of men that were closest to Morgead himself. The others? That explanation was easy. Mandy had done drugs andnscrewed himself up, out of range of the public eye. Morgead lured him innwith the promise of free drugs and a chance to snap up a valuable positionnin an often-admired group. As for Gabriel, he was tired of being Catholic,nand rebelled, first by going to church drunk and high on Ecstasy, then bynnot going to church at all. In fact, Morgead found Gabriel at a rave, highnfrom huffing and too much E. Suddenly, Satanism, tons of raves and anposition close to the one being the Catholics hated the most was the bestnway out of his old life. Val? He was just a simple, middle-aged man who hadnbroken a few of the top rules of the magician's code. He was a Witchnreally, and had no interest in drinking, drugs or a position close to onenof the most hated and feared beings known to human kind. Truthfully, Val hoped the Witches would best Gabriel and Mandy. Theyndeserved it. Meanwhile, behind Morgead's back, Val would return to thenGoddess and God. Perhaps he could convince the coven's High Priestess thatnthey were on the same side, and that he could help them. Val lay back on his bed, smiling. Even if he did not defect back tonthe Goddess, seven against three were not good odds, no matter who wasnbacking you. Mandy, Gabriel and Morgead would be shown up by the Witches,nno matter what stunts Morgead had Mandy and Gabriel pull.[Chapter 4] Chapter Three 7:00pm Four of the coven members stood in a circle around the bonfire.nAthena, Aimee, and Nasira stood away from the group, down a small lane. Thenopening rites had just been finished, and the three women were about tonreturn to the circle. This was a perfect time to do a Triple GoddessnCeremony. \"Athena, come to the circle.\" Chakira intoned.\" Athena walked up the lane and lit the first pair of torches, furthestnfrom the circle. When the torches had been lit, Athena began to head slowlynup the avenue, toward to the other coveners. Her step was light, and hernpoise, soft. M'Lila welcomed Athena into the circle, and then Chakira coverednAthena's head with a translucent blue veil. Athena stood in the center ofnthe circle, M'Lila returned to her place, and Chakira turned to face thencoven. \"Great Goddess Brid!\" Athena called. \"Hear you faithful priestessnAthena. Bless me with your maidenhood, and come into me. I invoke thee!\" There was a different reaction from each covener. Some shivered, somensaw a white light, and still others felt or heard different things.nUnfazed, Chakira continued leading the ritual. She merely turned, offerednBrid her hand, and led her to her place in front of the altar. \"Aimee, come to the circle.\" Without hesitation, Aimee walked up the avenue, lit the middle pair ofntorches, and continued to the circle. Her step was a little faster thannAthena's as if she were eager to get to the circle. As with Athena, M'Lilanwelcomed Aimee, Chakira crowned her, and then Chakira and M'Lila took theirnplaces. \"Great Goddess Dana!\" Aimee called. \"Hear the words of your faithfulnpriestess, Aimee. Bless me with your motherhood and come into me! I invokenthee!\" A flash of light filled the air. When it had dies down, Chakira turnednand took Dana's hand, guiding her to her place beside Brid. Without beingncalled, Nasira came up the avenue, lit the last pair of torches, and joinednthe circle. As with the others, M'Lila welcomed Nasira, and then Chakira draped anlong, black cloak around Nasira and fastened it, before giving her a goldennmask and then turning her back. When Chakira faced the rest of the covennthat was their signal to turn their backs as well. When Nasira was sure nonone was looking, she put on the mask and drew the hood up around her head. \"Great Goddess of the night, hear the words of your faithful servantnNasira! I call upon The Morrígan to bless me with her crone-hood and comeninto me! I invoke thee!\" This time, the result was more than a flash of light. It was akin to anthunderstorm. While the commotion was going on, The Morrígan merely turnednon her heel and stalked over to her spot near Brid and Dana. When the thunderstorm had blown over, the coven turned back around.nChakira shook her head as she surveyed the scene. This whole thing had beenna bad idea. Why, oh why, had Echo come up with this idea? Never, nevernagain. They would choose a nicer crone next time. Hecate, perhaps. \"Well? You called me up, now what're you going to do with me?\" a voicenwith a slight Irish accent asked waspishly. Chakira knew without even looking that it was The Morrígan talking tonher. Moreover, she would have to come up with an answer. The High Priestessntook a deep breath before turning back around. 2:30pm, Wednesday, April 22 A few days later, the coven had gotten together again to do ancommunity service project. Along with four other covens, The Dark MesanTemple had gathered at a youth center in Queens to paint a mural. This, ofncourse, happened to be the day that Val had chosen to meet with Chakira andnthe other members of the Grove. When Val arrived, he found he had no way to tell who the members ofnthe Grove were. Every coven wore the exact same outfit; white painter'snsuits, white boot, white rubber gloves and masks. The only differencenbetween anyone was that everyone wore a dewrag in one of five colors, eachnemblazoned with silver stars. Suddenly, Val felt something tickle his sandaled feet. He bent overnand retrieved a hot pink brochure from where his left foot had trapped it.nWhere had this come from? Surely, it hadn't been here before? Val opened it up. The brochure explained about the project and gave anlist of the covens that were participating. There was even a little key-ncode to identify the members of the individual covens. It read: Each coven has it's own color, covered in silver stars. The HighnPriestesses have a headband of gold stars on their dewrags. Covens are asnfollows: Silver stars, white field- Sisters of the Silver Moon Silver stars, black field- Dark Mesa Temple Silver stars, green field- Grove of the Sacred Well Silver stars; blue field- Brid's Cauldron Silver stars, burgundy field- Circle Rising Sun Once Val had read every bit of information, the brochure dissolved from hisnfingertips. Therefore, the High Priestess he was looking for wore a black dewrag,nwith a headband of gold stars printed on it. Easy enough. Not wanting tonget paint on his nice Italian suit, he waited until the five covens tookntheir break, before he approached the High Priestess and the rest of thenTemple. \"Hi! My name is Val. Yours is Chakira, isn't it?\" Chakira glared at the man in front of her with suspicion, notnbothering to take off her mask. However, she kept her tone polite. \"That isncorrect. May I help you, sir?\" Val looked around before he answered. \"Look. This is not a real safenplace to talk. Could you meet me at MingNa's Fine Food at eight o'clockntonight? I have a private dining room where we can talk, and I'll treat younto dinner.\" Chakira did not deign to answer. Unsure of what to do, Val said, \"Youncan bring one of your coveners, if you'd like.\" \"I'll meet you there.\" Chakira agreed. Once Val left, Chakira finally took off her mask and began to eat thenapple she had taken out of the coven cooler. Was this person to be trusted?nWell...It certainly would be interesting to find out. After all, if henreally wanted to help her, he would be true to his word.[Chapter 5] Chapter Four 7:35pm When Gabriel heard that Val was entertaining someone in Morgead'snprivate dining room at MingNa's, he alerted Mandy promptly. They bothndecided they ought to have some agents get there before their traitor andnhis guest, and bug the room. There was no trusting that Valentino. Theynwouldn't touch that \"Satanist\" with a ten foot pole. True to her word, Chakira arrived at MingNa's at 8:00 with M'Lila inntow. The maitre'd guided them through the main room, down a hallway andninto a lavish dining room. Once the women were seated, the maitre'd left,npromising to summon Val, who was at the bar having cocktails. Finally, Val came in from the bar, and tea was brought, along withnKimchee. M'Lila winced at the spice of the Kimchee, but Val and Chakira didnnot hesitate. They were well versed in the foods of the different culturesnof the world, and it did not bother them. When the hot and sour soup wasnbrought, along with some stiff bread, they began to talk. \"What is it that you want to tell me?\" \"First of all, I work with Gabriel, Mandy and Morgead.\" At those names, M'Lila stopped eating her soup and looked up. Chakiranlooked at her partner, then back at Val. This was not setting well. Henbetter cover this up fast. Otherwise, they'd screw dinner and leave now.nThere was no reason to hang around with one of Morgead's men, unless theynhad a good reason to stay around. \"What do you want with us?\" Chakira asked crisply. \"I don't know how Morgead got me into this, but I'm actually a Witch.nGoddess knows I am being honest. I want to be a spy for your coven. I wantnto pay Morgead back for luring me into this.\" Chakira and M'Lila looked at each other again. Morgead could be behindnthis offer and M'Lila would be the one to see it. The two women needed tontalk alone. They could not risk being caught in a trap. Not now, not ever. \"Tell them to hold the main course, please. M'Lila and I need to havena talk in private.\" Val inclined his head. \"As you wish, ladies.\" The two women rose, and departed the room. They went back down thenhall to the ladies' room and locked the door behind themselves, when theynwere sure that they were alone. Chakira sat down on a couch, while M'Lilanleaned against the wall. They were quiet for a few moments, lost in theirnthoughts. Niether of them wanted to say anything. Finally, Chakira spoke. \"Well?\" she asked, looking at her partner. \"At least he's honest.\" M'Lila replied with a shrug. \"Is he, now?\" \"Yup. Morgead must have done something powerful to Valentino. He wantsnout, and he wants out now!\" \"Should we take him up on his offer, then?\" Chakira asked, leaningnback on the couch. \"Why not? He could have good information. Val is, after all, an agentnof Morgead's.\" By the time the Witches returned, the main course was on the table.nThe two women did not offer Val any words, but merely sat down to the feastnin front of them. In fact, no one said anything, until the food had beenncleared from the table. They acted casual through the whole meal, as ifnthey had never left to discuss anything in private. When they were done, henspoke. \"Well, what have you decided?\" Val asked, leaning back in his chair. Chakira and M'Lila looked at each other. \"We'll take you up on yournoffer.\" He sat forward. \"Wonderful! I feel I owe a debt to the Goddess and Godnafter being lured into Satanism by Morgead. This would be a good way tonrepay it.\" \"So...What is it that you can do for us?\" M'Lila questioned. Val paused for a moment. \"I can get you access to a spy tool thatnyou'll find very useful. It can spy on anyone, anywhere. Do you wish to usenit?\" \"It would be useful...\" Chakira paused. \"When can we use it?\" \"I'll have to pull a few strings, but I'll let you know when you cannuse it.\" He replied, sipping form a cup of tea that had been set beforenhim. The women stood up after a few sips of tea, shook hands with Val andndeparted. When the Witches were gone, Val stayed a little longer, sippingntea. Wonder what Morgead would think? He'd probably hate Val for it. Butnthat what it was all about. Revenge. Revenge and nothing else. Chakira looked at M'Lila as they headed for the car. \"Sure he'snhonest?\" \"Positive.\" They got in the car and drove away. Both were unaware that they werenbeing watched. Nevertheless, Morgead knew. Morgead always knew. He, Mandynand Gabriel had heard everything, and they weren't too pleased. So Val feltnthat he owed a debt to the Goddess and God, did he? Well, he also now owednMorgead a debt, as well.[Chapter 6] Chapter Five 5:30pm Thursday, April 24 A while later, the three top Satanists sat together in the Commune.nGabriel and Mandy knew perfectly well, what Val had been doing behind theirnbacks, but did not say anything. They would deal with the traitor in theirnown way. Currently, the biggest problems the Satanists faced, was thenWitches. That could be easily taken care of, after they had delt with Val.nRight now, they were all sitting and waiting. \"Mr. Kiernan?\" \"Yes, Conchita?\" \"Your appointment is here.\" \"Send him in, Concha.\" Mandy replied, pulling out the footrest of hisnrecliner. The appointment was promptly let in. His name was Dylan, and he wouldnbe a great asset to Morgead's team. Dylan had long, wavy dishwater blondnhair, and wore a fine French suit. His presence was dominating, but no morenthan the presence of Morgead would be. Gabriel had met him before andnarranged it so that Dylan would owe him a lifetime debt. It was amazingnwhat you could do as one of Morgead's top men. \"Please sit down.\" Val said, gesturing to an empty chair. Dylan inclined his head graciously, and sat. A servant brought a cupnof tea and a plate of finger sandwiches for Dylan to enjoy. He began tondevour them as if he had not eaten in a week. He wasn't slobbish, he justnappeared to have no manners. Of course, that bothered Them. \"We're glad you were able to come, Mr. Therrian.\" Mandy said, taking anplate of food a servant offered. \"No problem.\" Dylan replied with a full mouth. Surprised at his uncouth manners, Mandy cleared his throat. A littlensurprised himself, Dylan finished chewing and took a quick gulp of tea,nbefore he was addressed again. Apparently, he didn't realize that it seemednhe had forgotten his manners. \"We have a project for you.\" Gabriel said, unconcerned with Dylan'snmanners. \"And what would that be?\" \"There is a coven of Witches who plan to stand in the way of ournmission. We want them eliminated.\" Mandy murmured. Dylan put his cup aside. \"What is it that you want me to do?\" \"Infiltrate their coven. Become the High Priest, if it makes younhappy. Just destroy their tools and their records, then destroy them.\"nGabriel said, smirking. \"Easily done.\" Dylan commented. \"One request, though.\" \"And that would be?\" Mandy questioned. \"I want their tools and records. For my own uses.\" \"A simple price to pay.\" Gabriel replied. \"What else do you require?\" \"A generous stipend. Half up front, the other half when the deed isndone.\" \"It can be arranged.\" Val replied. \"Shall you be joining us for dinner?\" Mandy asked. Dylan shook his head. \"Not this evening, I am afraid. I have othernthings to attend to.\" A servant brought Gabriel a diamond-studded black checkbook. \"How muchndo you require up front?\" \"Thirteen.\" \"Hundred?\" Val prompted. \"Thousand.\" Came the reply. Val's eyebrows raised, but Mandy murmured, \"Morgead will provide.\" \"Thirteen it is, then.\" Gabriel agreed, signing the check with andramatic flourish. Once Dylan had the check, he rose, thanked them for their generosity,nand departed. Val finished his tea and stood up. He was making for thendoor, but...He wouldn't get there. Mandy and Gabriel were not about to letnVal run free. Not after he betrayed them, like he did. Val would pay now. \"Sit down, Valentino. We're not through with you.\" Val did as he was told. So the other two knew what had happened thenother night at MingNa's. He was surely in for it now. And there was no onento save him. Certainly, after his trechery, Morgead wouldn't want Valnanymore.[Chapter 7] Chapter Six Wednesday, April 30 It was not long before Dylan made his request to join Dark MesanTemple. First, however, he sent someone in ahead of him. Dylan's contactsnhad told him that Chakira had thing for Latin men. His friend Corey Sancheznowed him a life debt, so it was easy to call in a favor. All Corey needed,nwere instructions and a love potion before he was sent on his merry littlenway. Corey was easy to maniuplate. Perfect for the job. A handsome man, Corey was hard to resist. Chakira would quickly beninfatuated with the new man in her life, and would easily agree toninitiating Dylan without much though as to whom he worked for. That is, ifnCorey had not been name High Priest already. If that happened, Dyaln wouldnhave to \"talk\" to Corey. Dark Mesa Temple sat in council a few days later. The seven women werendiscussing whether to let Dylan Therrian into the coven. He didn't care ifnhe wasn't made High Priest right away...Corey was not in the coven, sonDylan had time to work his way to the top. No need to hurry. There wasnnever a need to hurry. When it was a smooth operator like Dylan, thingsncould take their time. Besides, Chakira was still infatuated with Corey. In addition, she wasnnot even dreaming of who might have sent him. Corey was doing his duty. Andnwell. Just as long as the sniveling little idiot didn't take Dylan'snplace... \"What do we think? Should we let Dylan into the coven?\" Chakira asked. \"You still want to initiate Corey?\" Aimee asked in reply. \"I believe so. I would like to make Corey High Priest.\" She paused.n\"Are we all agreed that we want to initiate both Dylan and Corey?\" Everyone nodded or said yes. It was a unanimous vote, just like it wasnsupposed to be. The seven women then began to plan the upcoming ceremonies.nTwo initiations and one High Priest ceremony. Nothing that Dark Mesa Templenhadn't done before. And yet...It was so different from the norm. Dylan was furious. He was thisclose to becoming High Priest. Now? Hisnsources had told him that Corey had been initiated before him, and madenHigh Priest the same night. That little piece of crap had done specificallynwhat Dylan had told him not to do. The position of honor had been snatched from his grasp. All by a meeknand lowly piece of scum like Corey! How horrid! Dylan sat down in an easynchair and thought. Perhaps a contract should be taken out on that asshole. No. That would be going too far. Dylan would wait until the women ofnDark Mesa Temple could instruct him. Once Dylan was instructed in thenmagickal arts, he could deal with Corey himself. That would be good. An assassin could fail, take too long, or benimprecise. A well-placed spell or ceremony would be perfect and direct. Anspell did not need to kill...The right spell could make life hell fornanyone or anything. No need for Dylan or anyone to touch a hair on Corey'snbody. Dylan would merely need to do a little pushing. His contacts told himnthat covens tended to take things slowly when it came to teaching,nespecially if they followed a tight regimen from the Gardnerian ornAlexandrian traditions. Dylan's new coven would have to move a bit faster.[Chapter 8] Chapter Seven Tuesday, May 6 On the night of the next full moon, Dylan was initiated. It almost didnnot happen. M'Lila was having last-minute reservations about Dylan and thatnmade things iffy. However, since M'Lila didn't know why she had a change ofnheart, and there were no signs of anyone would have a change of heart aboutnDylan, the ceremony went on as planned. The Dark Mesa Temple members gathered at their usual outdoorncovenstead at the appointed time. This time, the coveners included theirnnew High Priest, now referred to as Lonestar Windwalker. Chakira hadnbrought Lonestar out to the covenstead the night before and ran through thenritual, since he had not seen most of his own. It was good for Chakira too,nbecause they would be using a slightly modified ritual format, this onenincluding a High Priest. The women were dressed in their finest robes and Lonestar in his onlynone. Nasira had chosen to be Dylan's sponsor and Morgaine volunteered to benthe Challenger. Before long, Dylan arrived and the ceremony began. The initiate wore a shift of lightly flowered white. The shifts werenmade out of old bed sheets and often were not pure white, because ofndesigns. When everything was set and Dylan was dressed, Nasira met Dylan innthe parking lot. \"Are you ready?\" Dylan heaved a fake sigh. \"Ready as I'll ever be.\" Halfway down the trail, Morgaine jumped out at them. Pretending to benstartled and a bit scared by the masked and cloaked figure in front of him,nDylan gave a small yelp and jumped. Nasira held back a laugh and evennMorgaine smiled behind her mask. They could tell he was faking, and theyncould also tell that he thought that he had fooled them. But members ofnDark Mesa Temple are not easily fooled. \"Halt! Who goes there?\" \"It is I, Dylan, child of Earth and starry sky.\" \"Who vouches for him?\" \"I, Nasira, Witch and priestess.\" Morgaine held a dagger to Dylan's throat. \"Know then, that it isnbetter to rush upon this blade and perish, then enter the circle with fearnin your heart. How do you enter?\" \"With perfect love and perfect trust.\" Dylan replied calmly. At those words, Morgaine and Dylan embraced. He hugged her so tight,nthat Nasira had to pry him off. Then, Dylan was bound a blindfolded, as allninitiates are, and led to the circle. When Dylan had been given the fivefold kiss, they moved on to thenordeal. He was tied to a tree, and Chakira scourged him pretty damn hard.nShe enjoyed it, though. M'Lila and Chakira had some knowledge of who Dylannand Corey were, and that made Chakira scourge him all the more harder.nAfter Dylan was untied, he collapsed to the ground. \"Are you ready to swear allegiance to the Craft?\" Lonestar snarled. Chakira stared at Lonestar for his harsh words. However, the glare wasnnot justified, as Chakira herself had scourged Dylan pretty hard. But, theynwere on equal turf. Finally, Dylan's gasp broke the silence. \"Yes!\" he said, clutching his side. \"Then repeat after me: I, Sunhawk Mountainsky, in the presence of thenLady and Lord, the Mighty Ones and the Guardians of the Watchtowers, donfreely and solemnly swear that I will ever be true to the Craft of thenWise. I shall follow the Rede to the best of my ability, that I will nevernreveal the secrets of the art, except to a proper person, properlynprepared; and that I will help, protect and defend my sisters and brothersnof the Craft. All this I swear by my hopes of a future life.\" Dylan wearily repeated the words given him. When he was finished,nAimee took his blindfold off; Athena anointed him and Echo presented Dylannwith his ritual tools. It was all over sooner than it had started. That wasnbad. Especially since they didn't celebrate like they usually didnafterward. Even though Corey wanted to. Wednesday, May 7 Dylan's phone rang late the next night. Probably an unwanted call.nWearily, he reached over and turned on his bedside lamp. With a groan, henpicked up the phone and held the receiver to his ear. \"Hello?\" he asked sleepily \"How's it going, Mr. Therrian?\" Mandy's voice asked smoothly. \"Fine.\" Dylan murmured. \"They initiated me last night.\" \"Did they now?\" the voice on the other end, asked condescendingly.n\"How nice. Will you be learning anything soon?\" \"I meet with my tutor for the first time, Monday.\" \"Isn't that grand? Well, do not forget what you are being paid for,nDylan. Morgead wants those Witches out of the picture, as soon as possible.nNothing can stand in the way of his wedding to Sarah-Sinead.\" \"It will be accomplished quickly.\" \"See to it that it is.\" Mandy said brusquely and hung up. Dylan stared at the phone, which now gave off a dial tone. He slammednit into the cradle and turned the light out. Screw Morgead. He had not evennfound that damned Sarah bitch yet, anyway. Why should he continue helpingnthe Satanists out? He was in the coven, he had the power and the access tonthe records. That was all Dylan wanted. Morgead wouldn't be gettingnanything more out of him.[Chapter 9] Chapter Eight 6:30pm, Sunday, May 11 It was not long afterward, before Morgead's men met in the Commune.nGabriel and Mandy sat and waited patiently, while Val was dragged in fromnthe depravation chamber he had been kept in, these past few days. As soonnas he had been thrown to the floor, the two men started in on him. Theynweren't going to be nice. Val didn't deserve it. Mandy and Gabriel wantednto make that clear. \"What a fool you are!\" Mandy spat. \"Traitor!\" Gabriel jeered. \"Wiccan fool! How did Morgead think hencould ever trust you?\" \"You're too soft-hearted.\" Mandy added. Val turned a few shades of red. He was angry, not embarrassed. Howncould Gabriel and Mandy accuse him like that? Ok, the anger was a put-on,nbut still...It's not like that remark didn't have a sting to it. \"How can you say that?!\" Val exclaimed indignantly. \"I'm smart, tough,nhard-hearted, true to the group and a Satanist through and through.\" \"Oh really?\" Gabriel asked. He pushed a button beside his chair. Val winced at the sound that came out of the Commune's speakers. Itnwas the conversation he'd had with Chakira and M'Lila, the night they wentnout to dinner. MingNa's had been bugged and Val had forgotten to check fornbugs before the girls came. There was no way to wiggle out of the situationnnow. No excuses, just reality. Harsh reality. \"What do you have to say for yourself now, Valentino?\" Mandynquestioned. \"It was all a ruse.\" Val replied, fearfully. \"I was setting them upnfor Dylan. Making sure they would be putty in his hands. Gabriel looked at Mandy. \"I don't believe this little creep. Do you,nMandy?\" Mandy shook his head. \"I wouldn't trust Valentino as far as I couldnsee him.\" The two men rose from their chairs and began to move toward Val asnone. A few steps from reaching Val, the two of them morphed into one man.nThis man looked a lot like Val and Gabriel, only taller and with black eyesninstead of gray ones. He also gave off an air of pure evil. With a jolt ofnshock, Val realized the man in front of him was Morgead, and Mandy and Valnwere only two aspects of him. Morgead kept moving toward Val, unheeding ofnhow scared he looked. \"Stop stumbling over your words, asshole! I know you're a traitor,nLeonard!\" Morgead snarled. Ooo. Val had not heard his birth name since the county clerknconfirmed he wanted to change it back in 1984. In fact, he was surprisednthat Morgead knew his old name. But then...Morgead was the Prince ofnDarkness. He could know anything and everything at a moment's notice. \"Think you can pull the wool over ole' Lucifer's eyes any old timendon't you, Monatono?\" There it was again. Except it was his given last name. Val had tonstammer out an answer. \"N-no s-sir.\" He said, reaching for the door. \"That's right you traitorous weakling! Go run to your dear littlenChakira! Your puny little God and Goddess will not be able to stop me fromnmarrying Sarah-Sinead. And then no one will stand a chance!\" Sarah-Sinead? Why did that sound familiar? Perhaps Chakira knew whonshe was. Just as Morgead lunged for him, Val opened the door and fled. Fornall of his efforts, Morgead got a door slammed in his face. And it was allnbetter that way.[Chapter 10] Chapter Nine 7:30pm Val went straight to Chakira after he fled the compound. She let himnin, and he made a beeline for the living room. Chakira came in fromnshutting the front door, and handed him a glass of water. Without sayingnanything, she sat down in a chair across from Val. He looked positivelynsick. \"Are you ok?\" \"You know Morgead?\" \"Yea. What about him.\" \"Gabriel and Mandy are Morgead.\" \"What?!\" Chakira exclaimed. \"When Gabriel Kiernan and Mandy Francisco put themselves together,nthey become Morgead.\" Chakira shivered involuntarily. \"Weird.\" \"So what do we do?\" Val asked. \"Launch a full-scale attack on Morgeadnand his team, or sit like ducks?\" There was silence in the room. \"I know this may seem a littlenstandoffish, but I think I should talk to Morgead before we go marching offnto any wars.\" \"What do you mean?\" Val questioned. \"I mean that I think sometimes wars can be prevented if the leaders ofnthe different factions are willing to talk things over first.\" \"Are you willing to talk to the Prince of Darkness, the Father of Liesnhimself?\" Chakira shrugged. \"If he'll see me.\" Sunset, Monday, May 12 Less than a day later, a helicopter with one of Morgead's emissariesnin it came to pick Chakira up. Val and Chakira stayed together and talked,nbefore she boarded. She didn't feel like doing anything else. Just to benclose to Val, made Chakira feel good. As if there was some unexplainablenbond between the two of them. \"Are you sure you want to do this?\" Val asked, one last time. \"Positive.\" Chakira replied easily. \"If you think it's for the best.\" Just then, the emissary motioned Chakira to come on. Out of the blue,nChakira hugged Val. \"Merry Meet and Merry Part until we Merry Meet again.\" She said,nlooking into his endless black eyes. With those final words, Chakira turned and ran to the waitingnhelicopter. She looked so young, so innocent, in her gray, black and whitencamo outfit; her long blond hair flying behind her in two braided pigtails.nChakira got in first, followed by the emissary, who shut the door behindnthem. The rotors, which never had stopped when helecopter landed, suddenlynsped up for takeoff. Val shaded his eyes as he watched the copter rise into the sunset-npainted, New York skyline. There went a brave Witch, into a strange newnterritory. Once the copter was out of sight, Val turned and left thenrooftop. When Chakira arrived at the compound, Gabriel received her warmly. Henseemed to not care who she was, or why she had come to talk to him. Theynmet in the Commune, and exchanged pleasantries. At the time Chakira wasnseated comfortably, Gabriel walked over to the bar. \"Miss Fairchild...May I call you Sarah? Or would you prefer Sarah-nSinead?\" Sarah turned to look at him, and shrugged. \"Whatever makes you happy,nMr. Kiernan.\" \"Please, call me Gabriel.\" \"If you wish.\" She said politely. \"Can I get you something to drink, Sarah?\" \"A fuzzy navel wine cooler would be nice, if you have one.\" \"As a matter of fact, I do.\" He smiled at her, and she smiled back.n\"So, what is it that you want to know about our operation?\" While Gabriel brought the drinks over, Sarah asked a few questions. Henanswered them as best he could (trying not to reveal anything), alwaysnremaining polite to her; as if she were a colleague and not an enemy atnall. Unbeknownst to Sarah, Gabriel slipped something into her drink. Anlittle thing, really. Easily made by either side of this battle. The lovenpowder soon took effect. It started as thinly veiled flirting on Sarah's part. Pretending to benintrigued, Gabriel flirted back. It kept going on for a bit. Then, thenflirts became more obvious, so Gabriel turned up his flirting as well.nSarah brashly kept flirting, when the heat had been turned up on Gabriel'snpart, and didn't flinch for a second. The whole event ended as a lusciousnlip-lock session between the two of them. Finally, Gabriel broke away. \"I get the feeling you like me.\" Sarah smiled cheekily. \"Maybe I do.\" \"I think you really like me.\" Gabriel said, tickling her. Sarah fell back into his arms, laughing. \"I don't like you. I lovenyou!\" This resulted in more kissing. It was like they were made for eachnother. Nevertheless, they were not. A Witch and a Satanist...Two totallyndifferent knots on the counting rope. A strange counting rope, that.nFinally, heedless of his master's passionate kissing, a servant started upnthe CD player in the back of the room. \"Shall we dance?\" asked Gabriel, rising from the couch and offeringnSarah his hand. \"I think we shall.\" Sarah replied, accepting the outstretched hand. The two of them danced for quite a while, heedless of the time and thenevening, which was stretched before them. They danced to Enya's A DaynWithout Rain, Lonestar's Amazed and rounded out the evening with Nena's LetnMe Be Your Pirate. When the last song finally ended, Sarah did not want tongo...And Gabriel did not want to let her. When a servant bearing a long,nblack velvet cloak for Sarah came, Gabriel waved him aside. \"Before you go, there's one thing I have to know.\" Gabriel said innIrish. Sarah, who had been crossing the room to receive the cloak, turnednaround. He had addressed her in her native language. The soft tone spokenvolumes of what he did not. Sarah returned to the couch were Gabriel satnonce more. Her eyes met his, Irish words readied on her tounge for a reply. \"What would that be?\" she asked. \"Will you marry me?\" Sarah had thought about it. The potion, actually meant to last longernthan it did, had worn off during their dances. Now, the love that suffusednher body was pure and genuine. But still, she was unsure. This was a bignstep. A nasty step, considering it was a Witch marrying a Satanist. \"As much as I love you, you're too old.\" Sarah's Irish words softlynconsoled. \"I can fix that. Close your eyes.\" Sarah did as she was told, still holding his hands. There was silencenin the room, but Sarah couldn't sense any changes. Expect for the fact thatnGabriel's hand seemed to have gotten warmer...But she had attributed thatnto the two of them holding hands. \"Open them.\" Gabriel said in Gaelic. Obediently, Sarah opened her eyes. When she saw who was holding hernhands, she almost fell off the couch. It wasn't Gabriel. It was far beyondnGabriel, and far beyond what she had ever expected. A young man now sat next to her, holding her hands. He had short,nsomewhat curly brown hair, and brown eyes. His soft features were nothing,ncompared to Gabriel's real features, which were hardened and wrinkled bynage. Sarah smiled, somewhat in disbelief. \"That's amazing,\" she breathed in return Gaelic. \"Whenever someone sees you and I together, this is who they'll see.nEven the most devoted and evil-hearted Satanist will not be able to seenbeyond this. You'll always see me.\" Right now, all Sarah could see was Gabriel had changed to. \"Wow.\" \"Will you marry me?\" Gabriel repeated again, still speaking Gaelic. \"Yes. I will marry you.\"[Chapter 11] Chapter Ten After the meeting, things began to change. Sarah returned to the covennonly long enough to initiate Val, and then she was gone again. She wasnspending all her time with Gabriel, but no one knew that. Every timensomeone decided the coven ought to meet, whether Sabbat, Esbat ornorganizational meeting, Chakira always found some reason why she couldn'tncome. Nasira, as Maiden, took Chakira's place as High Priestess and thencoven went on without her. However, it just was not the same. Val found out the truth one day, when he was reading the paper. Henalways skimmed the engagement announcements, wedding announcements andnanniversaries; before moving on to the community news. This time, onenspecific announcement caught his eye. It was the same as all the others,nyet different from anything he had ever seen in this section before. Thatnpicture...He recognized it... \"Morgead O'Connell and Sarah-Sinead Fairchild.\" Val read aloud.n\"October wedding planned.\" Morgead O'Connell was merely the human name Morgead was using. AndnChakira's real name was Sarah-Sinead, wasn't it? That meant she wasnprobably engaged...To Gabriel. An October wedding planned? Val looked atnthe date. Samhain. The time of the year when the veil between the worldsnwas thinnest...And Gabriel could invite anyone or anything to the wedding.nThis made Val shiver. He had to talk to Sarah. First, he had to make some other calls. Valndialed Nasira's number. \"Hello?\" \"Have you heard the news, Nasira?\" \"What news?\" \"Open today's paper to the wedding announcements.\" There was a pause while Nasira fetched the paper. In a little bit, Valnheard Nasira turning the pages. There was another pause while she scannednthe announcements. Suddenly, there was a sharp intake of breath on thenother end. \"Val?\" \"Yea?\" \"What's Chakira's real name?\" \"I think its Sarah Sinead Fairchild.\" \"Oh Goddess.\" Nasira said softly. \"But why is he marrying someone so young?\" Val asked. \"Why not a womanncloser to the age of his current body?\" \"I think M'Lila knows the legend behind that.\" \"Chakira's engaged? To Morgead? Yea, I think I have seen the legend tonthat. Hang on.\" \"Find anything?\" Val asked, after a little bit of a pause on the othernend. \"Here's the first legend. The one about Morgead marrying between 11nand midnight on the eve of the millennium, and consummating it rightnaway...\" \"Jericho Caine made that nice and forfeit. Anything else?\" \"Mmhmm. It says here, that if the first marriage cannot benaccomplished, there's a second chance to be had.\" \"What's that?\" Val asked. M'Lila read the page out of the old book in front of her: If it happens that Satan cannot marry and have his marriage consummatedn between eleven p.m. and midnight, on the eve of the millennium, forn whatever reason, he shall have another chance. There shall be a child of Irish descent, born between January 31, 1980 andn October 31, 1988. She is the one that shall marry Satan. By the time then world reaches January 1, 2010, this young woman shall be between then physical ages of 16 and 20, but shall be no more than 700 years in then passage of astral time. The closer to the age of 16 and the exact day the girl turns 700; the moren destruction shall be in Satan's hands. Aradia grant that the legend shalln not be fulfilled. \"What about Samhain?\" \"That's the day Chakira joins the 700 Club.\" \"How old will she be, physically?\" \"17.\" Now it was Val's turn to say \"Oh Goddess\". Samhain was less than anweek away...That means the wedding was announced late. It was also a signnthat Val would have to talk Chakira out of the wedding, quickly. And hopenshe wasn't too far gone to understand the dange of all this. \"Sarah-Sinead Fairchild's office. May I help you?\" Office? This was weird. Last Val knew, Sarah had a dead-end job atnsome metaphysical company. She had no hope of advancement, Sarah had toldnhim, not long after they met. This was certainly a change. \"I'd like to talk to Miss Fairchild, please.\" \"Whom may I say is calling?\" \"Her partner in crime.\" Val paused, to see if the secretary would accept that. He must have,nbecause a few moments later, Val heard muzak on the line. What was takingnSarah so long? Finally, someone picked up the phone on the other end. \"Hello, this is Sarah.\" \"It's Val.\" \"Hello Valentino, darling. How are you?\" she asked in quite andifferent voice than what he was used to. \"Fine. Listen, I need to talk to you before your wedding.\" \"This must be important, luv. I'm an awfully busy woman.\" \"It is important.\" Valentino insisted. \"If you must, then. I have my final dress fitting tomorrow...I can seenyou afterwards at the Compound, if you'd like.\" \"Whatever.\" \"Splendid! Shall I send a car after you, dear?\" Sarah asked. \"No, that's fine. I can get there myself.\" \"Suit yourself, darling. Ciao!\" Val hung up the phone. Sarah had just finished acting very odd. Almostnas if it were quite natural to be Morgead's fiancÃ©. That love potionnGabriel slipped her must have been some pretty tough stuff. Nevertheless,nVal would soon talk to her, and make her see that her wedding was anmistake. She would have to see it was a mistake Sarah-Sinead would notndestroy the world intentionally...Or would she?[Chapter 12] Chapter Eleven Sarah was late getting into the Commune. The tailor had been quitenfussy today and the limo had trouble making it's way through traffic.nNevertheless, Val would not mind. And even if he did, Sarah could deal withnhim after the wedding. Like she expected, Val was waiting for her, when shengot in. So predictable, he was. Unlike the weather in Michigan. Now thatnwas unpredictable. \"Salutations, Val.\" She said, going straight over to the bar. \"Hi.\" While they talked, Sarah made herself a Screwdriver. She did not offernVal anything, because frankly, she no longer cared about him. After mixingnthe alcohol into the orange juice, Sarah put in some powder. Gabriel hadntold her that this was a good dairy/calcium replacement for lactose-nintolerant people like herself. However, the Prince of Lies had fooled her.nWhat Gabriel did not tell Sarah, was that if she took the powder at leastntwice a day for seven days, she would be his forever. Unless of course, shenreceived a kiss on the lips from her SoulMate. \"Now, what is so important, that you had to talk to me about?\" As Chakira turned to grab the glass from a side table, Val noticed thenback of her dress slipped down to her waistline. There, tattooed on thensmall of her back, was a blue Eye of Horus. This meant that not only wasnChakira now a Satanist, but one who was under specific favor of Gabriel.nVal wondered if Chakira knew that she would be marrying Morgead instead ofnGabriel. Before he launched into the legend, Val asked Sarah a question. \"Donyou know the difference between Gabriel and Morgead?\" Sarah laughed, as if it were a stupid question. \"Of course!\" shenreplied. \"Gabriel and Mandy are merely aspects of Morgead. When they arenput together, they create Morgead as a whole. You didn't think I was naÃ¯venenough not to know that I am marrying Gabriel in the guise of Morgead?\" shenquestioned. \"Do you even care that you're going to be the destruction of mankindnas we know it?\" \"Am I, now?\" she replied in an amused tone of voice. With that sort of response, Val launched into the legend. He outlinedneverything M'Lila told him, and added a little more from instinct. Sarahnjust sat there, listening politely the whole time, the bemused smile nevernleaving her face. This was too funny. Finally, when Valentino was finished,nSarah spoke. \"Think what you will, Valentino, but remember this: I shall wednMorgead O'Connell, whether or not it changes the world. And if you try toninterfere, you will pay.\" At this, she rose and quit the room. This left Val alone with hisnthoughts. And the knowledge that it would take a lot to stop Sarah fromnmarrying Morgead. She didn't care. And she probably never would. Not long after the Dark Mesa Temple discovered the legend, Samhainnarrived and the wedding of Sarah to Morgead went on as planned. Annabandoned cathedral had been found, and an exiled priest recruited fromnamong Morgead's followers for their ceremony. Everything would be perfect.nAnd if it wasn't? Well, Morgead had the power to make it perfect for thisnspecial ceremony. The ceremony commenced at precisely 11:45pm. The cathedral had beenncleaned up as best as it could be, and decorated with satanic symbols andnmany candles. It was estimated that some 250 followers attended that night.nWhen the time arrived, the utterly creepy Nena song Uner Kannt Durch'snMarchenland began to play, and the top Lords and Ladies processed down thenaisle. Once Gabriel had reached the front of the cathedral, the songnchanged to Tempus Vernum by Enya. Everyone turned at the sound of this,nlowering their hoods, beginning to half-chant the words to the song, andnlooking toward the back of the room, to see the approach of the master'snbride-to-be. Beautiful was not an adequate word to describe Sarah. She wore a long,nblack ballgown with an imperial waist and a sloping back and neckline, allntrimmed in silver. Her long, blond hair had been done into a long FrenchnBraid, interwoven with black ribbons; a pewter circlet inset with blacknonyxes on her head; she carried black and burgundy roses for her bouquet.nThe bride outshone the groom, who wore the black robes he had worn whenntrying to marry Christine, only this time trimmed in silver. Gabriel watched from behind Morgead's lustful eyes. All anyone couldnsee of him was the young man Sarah had seen months ago. His beautifulnfiancÃ© stepped lightly down the aisle, barely aware that she was beingnwatched. Oh, what a wonder Sarah was. If only Morgead had known of thisnyoung woman before his last attempt at a wedding, he would not have wastednhis energies on Christine. Gabriel smiled to himself. Not only was henreceiving an elegant wife, but the title of Prince of Darkness as well.nBecause Sarah loved him and only him, she would be granting Gabriel thenpower to be Morgead alone, and the ability to drop that pitiful Mandy likena deflated ball. Sarah reached the end of the aisle and looked at Gabriel. Both pairsnof soulful gray eyes met, and they exchanged smiles. Such a depth in thoseneyes had never been seen before. But it didn't matter. At a small nod fromnGabriel, the priest told everyone to be seated, and he began the ceremony. \"We are gathered here, this powerful night, under the ever-watchfulneyes of our Lord Morgead; to unite him through his servant Gabriel Kiernan,nand his gentle lady, Chakira MoonSong in unholy matrimony. Thus, they shallnbring the end of the world! Love is a beautiful thing. It is notnjealous...\" The priest was cut off by a glare from Gabriel. It didn't help that henwas nervous in the first place. The priest gulped and shuffled his notes,nhis master tapping his foot the whole time. When the priest had found hisnplace, Gabriel gave him another glare, as if ordering him to continue. \"Do you, Septentriae Gabriel Kiernan, take Sarah Sinead Fairchild tonbe your lawfully wedded wife? To be the Princess of Darkness for allneternity?\" \"I do.\" \"And do you, Sarah Sinead Fairchild, take Septentriae Gabriel Kiernannto be your lawfully wedded husband? To be the Prince of Darkness for allneternity?\" Without hesitation, Sarah replied, \"I do.\" \"I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.\" Gabriel allowed himself to change fully to the young man, amidst smallnyips of surprises from his followers, and he kissed Sarah passionately tonseal the bond. A power could now be brought forth like never before. Allnbecause of one woman. The crowd roared with delight, and the priest yelled: \"I now present to you, for the very first time, His Royal HighnessnMorgead O'Connell, Prince of Darkness and his wife; Her Serene HighnessnSarah-Sinead Fairchild, Princess of Darkness.\" Suddenly, the main door slammed open. \"STOP!\" a voice, yelled. Everyone looked toward the noise, including Sarah and Gabriel, who hadnjust finished kissing Sarah and changing back to his older self. There, innthe center of the aisle, stood Val and the rest of the coven, intent onnbreaking the bond that had just been formed between the Prince andnPrincess. This wasn't good. Gabriel had to think fast. Gabriel grabbed Sarah's hand and tugged her away, changing back to hisnyounger form, so he could move faster. Getting the gist of what was goingnon, she hitched up her skirts and they high-tailed it out of there,nbreezing past Val and the rest of the coven. As they neared the outside,ntheir wedding clothes changed to black motorcycle suits. Without a moment'sndelay, the two newlyweds hopped onto a pair of racing-style motorcycles andnsped away. Intent on chasing after the escapees, the coven raced for the outsidenof the cathedral. Before they could get much of anywhere, however, some ofnMorgead's men pushed the women aside and captured Val. Just as Sarah hadnpromised Val would be paying for his menace. As the rest of the covennlooked on, Val was hauled away. With a grim look on her face, Nasira said, \"We're doomed.\"[Chapter 13] Chapter Twelve The men had forced a wetsuit on Valentino, and were now leading him tonan underground room. When the five of them arrived, Sarah was alreadynwaiting. One of the first things Val noticed was a solid iron cage in thenmiddle of the room. The other thing was that now Sarah wore her hair in anlong pageboy cut, and it had been dyed black. She wore dark eyeshadow, andark burgundy blush and copper lipstick that shone over everything else.nSarah radiated power. \"You like that, Valentino?\" Sarah asked harshly. \"It's a Faraday cagenof the best sort. Inside is your prison, for an indefinite length of time.nThe perfect Ganzfield cocoon. Would you like to see?\" Instead of answering her, Val replied, \"Why are you doing this to me,nSarah?\" She answered with a sharp laugh. \"I warned you. If you trifled withnme, I told you that you would be punished. By the way, my name is Europa.nNot Sarah.\" Europa snapped her fingers, and one of the servants opened the door tonthe cage. Inside was a big, tank-like machine hooked up to all sorts ofnwires and the like. It was big enough to hold a full-grown man, and thatnscared Val. She opened the door for a moment, allowing Val to peer insidenits inky depths, to see the inside of the water-filled chamber. His homenfor a while, as she had promised. With a resolute motion, Europa shut the door and the preparationnbegan. One of the men pulled a combination regulator and diving mask overnVal's head. As if being taught, he began to breathe regularly and adjust tonthe mask, which had been covered in black to prevent viewing the outsidenworld. When Europa was sure Valentino was breathing nicely, she had the mennmove on. They pulled gloves over his hands and put on a straightjacket, forcingnhis arms down to assure he would not escape like the magician he was. Onenthe jacket was secure; the men began attaching weights to a belt around hisnwaist and to his ankles. Suddenly, this began to feel like an obscure magicntrick. \"Pleasant dreams, my dear Valentino. I'm sure you'll find your staynquite refreshing.\" Europa said evilly. Someone stuffed earplugs into Val's ears, and the five of them shovednhim inside. The door was shut with a resounding clang, and Val suddenlynbegan to feel the effects of the tank. The weights kept him floating innbetween the bottom and top of the tank, while the water was neither warm,ncool, nor tepid. This punishment was far from the last that Gabriel andnMandy enacted on him. While a good psychic would be able to focus hisnpowers, exercise them and relax away from the world in the Ganzfieldncocoon, it would drain anyone else. And that's precisely what was happeningnto Valentino. A time later, the door to the cocoon opened. Val did not realize it,nhowever, having lost all sense of conscious thought. Five women pulled himnout and took off all his equipment, so he there he stood, openly drippingnwater onto the floor, white and shriveled from being in the water so long.nHe was a nasty sight, not fit to be in front of five women of any type.nBut, it did not matter. The first thing he noticed was that the women looked pretty muchnalike. Each had black or brown hair done into a bun, with a black suit onnand a white lab coat over that; a stethoscope topping off the ensemble. Itnwas what was behind them, which was different than what Val had ever seen.nThis...Thing looked ready to pounce at any moment, like a Dementor straightnout of J.K. Rowling's mind. It was tall and shining. The thing wore a respirator, and looked as ifnthe mask had melted into a full-body suit. The creature's eyes were blank,nas it appeared there was not iris nor pupil to the eye. Valentino was notnsure of what purpose it served, save for possibly providing security. \"Am I done?\" he asked, his voice horse with disuse. \"No, sir.\" One of the women replied. \"Ms. O'Connell requested you benchecked on, and your vital signs brought up to date, sir. With that, the troupe of women sat him down, and began to check himnout. They poked, prodded, listened to his heartbeat, took his pulse, peerednin his eyes and ears and a myriad of other things. Finally, when they werendone looking at him, they allowed Val to stand up. Before the women couldnhold him down to put the equipment back on and toss him back into thencocoon, Val stepped toward the thing. \"Sarah...I know it's you in there...How can you do this to me? I'mnyour father, for Goddess' sake!\" The creature did not reply. It couldn't. Instead, it merely pushed Valnto the waiting hands of the women, as if he were some sort of gross mold ornbacteria. The thing almost acted as if it didn't want to be in the samenroom as Val. \"IT says that you're delusional, sir. IT says that IT is neithernSarah, Chakira, nor Europa, sir. IT says that you cannot be Ms. O'Connell'snfather, sir. IT says that Ms. O'Connell is an orphan, sir.\" \"How do you know all that?\" Val questioned the woman. \"IT is telepathic, sir. That is the only way IT can talk to us and tonMs. O'Connell, sir.\" \"And so are you?\" \"Yes, sir.\" With that said, Val submitted himself to the women. The equipment wasnback on him in a flash, and he was thrown into the cocoon once more. Thisntime, Val would come out in better shape than he did last time. He had anlot to think about. The female servants, IT, and most importantly, whatnEuropa's purpose was, for keeping him in this state...This odd situation ofnstasis. It was quite a few days later, when Valentino was finally pulled outnof the Ganzfield cocoon for good. Neither IT, nor Europa nor any of thengirls were there for his coming out. Merely the five men who had tossed himninto the tank in the first place. They took off all the equipment, checknhis vitals one more time, gave him a towel and a fresh change of clothes,nand sent him on his way. Once Val was back to the outside world, he went straight to thencovenstead. He had been staying with Morgaine before the wedding, but hendid not know if she still had room for him. Val's keys and cell phone hadnbeen returned to him upon his release, so it would be just as easy for himnto stay at the covenstead, prepare things for a meeting, then use his cellnphone to call the coven in when he was done.[Chapter 14] Chapter Thirteen It wasn't long after Val had been set free, that he found Europa.nCurious, he had returned to the compound where he had been kidnapped tononly days before. Sneaking around, he had found a room, shut off and sealednoff from the rest of the world. In it, was his daughter, Sarah. Or whatnused to be Sarah, now Europa. She was sitting in a chair, and had been fastened to it with metalnbands. She wore a long-sleeved outfit, and long pants with hiking boots.nRunning into one sleeve, was an IV tube. Her love for her husband must havenbeen faltering, and the tube was delivering more potion. Europa had notnseen Val enter. Her eyes and ears were covered with white covers thatnfitted tightly over both. Likely, they filtered white noise and occasionalnimages to her senses. Over her nose and mouth, was an oxygen mask likenthose used at hospitals...This one likely keeping her doped up and spacey,nthrough certain vaporizing techniques. Looking back down at her hands, Valnnoticed that the same metal that covered her eyes and ears also covered hernhands in a glove, likely cutting off her sense of touch. After a bit of thought, Val realized what was going on. Morgead wasnprobably preparing her to loose the gates of Hell for him. She would neednto focus her new powers. And the best way to focus any powers, was to notnhave any distractions from the outside world. Or the inside world, as wasnobvious. How many times a day did she see a human? Did she ever see humans atnall? Did she ever leave the chair? All those questions were running throughnVal's mind like wildfire. Questions which Sarah could not have at all. Suchnpowers had been taken away from her. The only powers she could have, werenthe powers given to her by marrying Morgead. And even those had been putnunder control, ready for harnessment, in terrible uses by Gabriel andnMorgead. No one cared for her. And if she did ever escape that chair, itnwas likely in the hands of IT, who wasn't human, and would take herndirectly to her chamber. Only to lock her away from the world again. Val knelt, tears coursing down his face. \"My only daughter. My sweetnflesh and blood.\" he paused, drawing a shuddering gasp of breath. \"MynSoulMate! What the fucking hell have they done to my sweet, Goddess-lovingnSoulMate! Damn you Morgead! Damn you to your fucking palace in hell!\" He screamed at the top of his lungs and Sarah jumped. There was nonclue that she was awake, only that she had heard him scream. Val sat backnon his heels and sobbed, his hands covering his face. This whole thing wasngetting to be too much for him. If only he had been a responsible father,nthis never would have happened. If only Dawn had been a responsible mother,nthis never would have happened. If Val hadn't left Dawn, and Dawn hadn'tnleft Sarah-Sinead, they wouldn't be in this situation. And his little girlnwould be safe from all the harm that was ahead. Finally, Val calmed down a bit. Even though she couldn't feel it, henstood up and touched her hand. Anger as stinging as acid was now snakingnits way through his veins. Nothing could calm this inner fireball. As henlooked at his daughter, Val vowed to end this once and for all. And if hendid not? Then he told all the goddesses and gods that were listening, thatnif he could not free his daughter, he should no longer be her EternalnSoulMate. After that pledge, all Val could do, was leave.[Chapter 15] Chapter Fourteen Val and the others found themselves having a harder time than theynthought they would. Sure, it was easy to catch up with Sarah (now Europa),nbut it was harder to actually get to her. As the Princess of Darkness, shenhad gained quite a bit of popularity. Val and the others found themselvesnhaving a harder time than they thought. Sure, it was easy to catch up withnEuropa, but actually getting to her was another thing entirely. Gabriel had started the trend of change. Before Val had beenncaptured, he had chosen to change his name from Gabriel (\"Power of God\") tonLucifer (\"Bearer of Light\"...err...\"Darkness\"). His new wife had followednsuit rather quickly by changing her name to Europa (\"Princess ofnDarkness\"). Then, Europa changed herself. Drastically. Gone was the Sarah-Sinead everyone knew. No more, was the spunky,nblond-haired gray-eyed girl everyone in the New York Wiccan community knewnand loved. After changing her name, Europa had her hair dyed black and cutnoff into long a pageboy. Her gray eyes were turned black, thanks to anpermanent glamoury. Europa lost her jeans, t-shirts, and other teenagenclothing for business suits, evening gowns, and long, flowing robes fornspecial occasions...All in black, of course. Not only all this, but Europanbegan to keep slaves of some of the humans that tagged around after her.nLucifer and Europa began to tour the nation, as well, after she hadnimprisoned Val in the Ganzfield cocoon. It began as small speaking events in grottos. These events grew andngrew, until they filled whole convention centers and sometimes arenas.nFinally, Lucifer stepped down from speaking. He saw that his wife hadncertain magic with the crowds, and he was positive that she'd do just asnwell, if he were only sitting nearby. And sometimes not even sitting in thenvicinity. Europa held that much power and sway. What Europa had was more than magic. Sure, she was the most powerfulnsorceress in the universe, being Morgead's wife, but Europa had naturalnmagick as well. The mere sound of her soft, melodious voice, and one looknat her beautiful body was enough to reel anyone in. It always did. It was at one of these conferences, where Val finally caught up withnEuropa. Lucifer was out; making plans with some of his sergeants for thenmission, leaving Europa alone in the hotel room. Her speaking event was notnuntil later that night, so it happened that she was taking a rest. Val hadnmugged a guard outside, and took his clothing. This was how he had snucknupstairs to surprise Europa and to talk to her. It was the only was to donit. Forget the karmic consequences. Europa turned around at the sound of the hotel room door slamming. Shenfigured it was another guard, come to tell her that the Christians werenrioting again. She would not be surprised if they were. Those Christiansnwere a nasty bunch, always out to ruin her fun. She would smash them,nsomeday. All of them. Europa was both shocked and startled when the guardnturned around and she saw it was Val. \"Valentino!\" she exclaimed. \"I was beginning to think I'd never get to you.\" He said in reply. \"How did you ever escape my prison?\" Europa sneered. \"They let me out after two weeks or so. Said they had orders to.\" \"They who?\" \"The same men that put me in.\" Europa scowled. She had thought those men were trustworthy. Europanwould have to punish them. Perhaps several weeks in the Ganzfield withoutnoxygen would help. She was sorry to lose what were supposed to be finenmen...But one had to make some sacrifices somewhere. And in this case,nanywhere was also welcome. Including in her staff. They could \"benefit\" thenmost. \"Well, now that you're out and have come to see me, I suppose younhave something you want to discuss with me, don't you?\" Europa said,ngesturing for Val to sit down. \"Do you know that your husband is plotting to take over the world?\" \"And how is that?\" \"Between your followers and Biological Warriors, he's got some massivenplans.\" \"I grow weary of your fairytales, Valentino. Try coming to me with thentruth, next time.\" She said, rising and heading for the door. \"All I say is true, Sarah.\" \"I told you to stop calling me Sarah!\" Europa exclaimed, turning fromnthe door. \"Admit it. You know that it's the truth.\" \"And what if it is?\" she questioned. \"Then I shall be Empress of allnthe world! My husband and I shall be more powerful than any deity anynmortal can cook up!\" \"After Lucifer becomes Emperor, he'll crush you like a fly, Europa.\"nVal replied. \"And if he doesn't, he'll make you into a mindless BiologicalnWarrior and forget you ever existed!\" Europa turned beet red. \"You make me sick, little man!\" She rose, clenching her hand into a fist. Val clawed at his throat,nas Europa raised him into the air. When Europa grew tired of this, shenloosened her grip and made a tossing motion. Val flew across the room,nsmacking into the wall hard enough to give him a concussion. Just then,nLucifer walked into the room. \"What's going on here?\" Lucifer demanded. Europa turned toward her husband. \"This man...He mugged one of ournguards, put the uniform on, and snuck up here to lie to me! He's sayingnthat once you take over the world, you'll have no more use for me and crushnme like a bug!\" \"Well, I wouldn't say that...\" Lucifer trailed off. \"So what Valentino says is true!\" Europa exclaimed. \"When you becomenEmperor over the world, you're going to make me into a Biological Warrior,nmodify my mind, and then throw me into the warrior heap, to be forgottennabout within a day!\" \"Now sweetie, just calm down...\" \"Don't you 'sweetie' me, you slime bag!\" That was the last straw for Lucifer. \"I'm not going to do anythingnwith you, Europa. When I become Emperor, you will be Empress right by mynside. Nothing can change that.\" \"If you say so.\" Was the reply. Lucifer turned toward Val. \"In fact, the only person in this room whonis going to be made into a Biological Warrior is you Valentino. With allnthe shit you've been feeding to my wife, and all the trouble you've beenncausing, you deserve to have your memory modified and to be forgottennabout.\" As if requested, a few guards came into the room. They stood silentlynby, ever nearing Val. It was scaring him. Because once they hauled Valnaway, he would be no more. They would take him to the medical center, getnhis memory modified and undergo The Change. No more trouble from ValnValentino, ever. \"May I have one request before I go?\" \"That being?\" Lucifer asked. \"I want one kiss, on the lips, from your wife.\" Lucifer looked toward Europa. It was her desision, and hers only.nEuropa did not mind, however. A kiss held such quaint simplicity. She gavena minute nod, giving him permission. Lucifer looked back at Val. \"You may have one kiss.\" Valentino stepped forward and looked up at Europa. Her endless blackneyes were deeper than his. They held too much evil. It was also too muchnfor her father to see. Suddenly, he grabbed her in a major kiss. That wasnall that was needed to break the spell that Lucifer had put on Europa. Shenwas now back to being Sarah. \"Ready to go, Europa my dear?\" Sarah looked at Gabriel. \"Not on your life!\" \"What's wrong?\" \"I'm done playing your little Satanist games. I'm back to beingnSarah.\" With that, Sarah fled through the door that the guards had been stupidnenough to leave open. Val was startled, but followed soon after. This time,nVal would live. And this time only. Next time, he might not be so lucky.[Chapter 16] Chapter Fifteen Chakira's coveners welcomed her back, as if she had not made the ultra-ndumb mistake of marrying Morgead. They each gave her wedding gifts, as ifnshe had not married Morgead, and she thanked them kindly. Chakira receivedna new set of robes, a new cloak, a sword, a staff, a new Hathor's Mirror, anbetter athame than the one she had before, and four new books. Such giftsnfor the High Priestess were hardly beyond the means of the Temple, and theyntook pride in it. It was a few days after Sarah's return to the coven that Dark MesanTemple got to use the spy tool that Val had promised them. They were led tona long, low, white building. It did not look too impressive from thenoutside, but most of the coveners were sure that it would hold a myriad ofnwonders on the inside. That is saying, most of them. Some of the covenersnfelt otherwise. \"That's all?\" Athena exclaimed, appalled. \"What a rip-off!\" Morgaine added. \"Not so fast, ladies.\" Val replied. Val led them into the antechamber and shut off the lights. When Valnwas sure their eyes had adjusted to the darkness, he opened the door to thenmain room. Every one of the girls gasped in amazement. It was far betternthan anyone had ever expected. Even the ones that were expecting a lot gotna shock. \"Your spy tool, ladies! Program the system and it will find anyone,nanywhere in the world. It also keeps audio records for the past 48 hoursnand visual records for the last three days.\" The room was aglow from the light of several different monitors. Innthis light, one could see buttons, knobs, dials, and switches, keypads andnplaces that contained printers to print off readouts. There were eightnchairs, sitting in eight different stations. \"Witches, man your battle stations!\" Chakira called. A cheer went up and the coven took their places, Chakira at the mainnseat. The group began to fiddle with the stuff in front of them, gettingnready to begin working. The ladies were like kids in a candy store, but thenHigh Priestess was not bothered. She was experiencing the same feeling ofnjubliation herself. Chakira put on her headset. \"Let's get my last speech on full audio.\" There was a pause, and then Chakira and the other coveners heard thensound of a crowd, and Europa's last speech. Chakira pried her eyes awaynfrom the console before her, and looked at everyone else. They werencringing at the speech that their High Priestess had given sonenthusiastically, only a few hours ago. Chakira hit the stop button and her voice came over everyone'snheadset. \"Well, that was a treat. Can we get Lucifer's last meeting onnScreen 1, with audio?\" A brief moment passed, and Chakira's ex appeared on the screen. Shenwatched the meeting, disturbed. It was all disturbing. More disturbing thannWillem Dafoe's performance in the Sam Raimi movie Spiderman. After a littlenbit, she gave more orders. \"Transfer to Screen 8, but don't rewind.\" Val began watching the meeting where Chakira had left off. After anlittle bit, the video ended. There was a pause. A loud paused. Thennsuddenly, Chakira heard Val's voice over her headset. \"That's not cool, Kira.\" \"I know.\" Was the reply. Chakira then proceeded to speak to thengeneral coven. \"Prepare to launch probe!\" The noise in the room grew louder. Everyone began to talk at once, andnprepared to launch the probe. Now that Dark Mesa Temple knew the system'snrecord-storing capabilities, they were eager to try out the probe'sntalents. Excitement equals much cool squared. At least, that's what someonensaid. \"Do we have cameras on the probe, Station 8?\" Chakira questioned. \"Every place you want them, and in some places you don't.\" came thenreply. \"Put the nose cam on my screen. I want 2 on butt, 3 on left, 4 onnright, 5 on ventral and 6 on dorsal. 7 keep track of the inner radar; 8, Inwant you on audio. Who has launch and personage?\" \"3 has launch, 5 has personage.\" \"Get a lock on Morgead O'Connell, Station 5.\" \"Got him!\" \"Station 3, are we ready?\" \"On your orders, Chakira.\" \"Launch...Now!\" There was a soft rumbling noise as the overhead door opened. Completensilence, then a loud, indescribable noise as thrusters on the probe lit,nand it took off. \"Radar clear!\" Station 7 called. \"No audio, except for wind.\" Val added. \"Let's get a report from Stations 2 through 6.\" Chakira said. \"I don't see anything.\" Station 4 commented. \"It's all a blur. \"I'm not surprised. Keep your eyes open though, guys.\" Chakiranreplied. \"You may see things that Station 7 won't be able to.\" Things went smoothly for most of the probe's flight. No one saidnanything, until right before the probe arrived at its destination. \"I'm getting audio. It's a whistling noise that sounds like it'sncoming from the butt or the ventral side.\" \"Stations 2 and 5 check your cameras.\" Chakira instructed. \"I don't see anything.\" Station 5 said. \"Me either.\" Came Station 2's reply. \"Check the radar, 7.\" \"We have a blip coming in from the right.\" Was the answer. \"Station 4, check your scopes.\" \"It looks blurry, Chakira. Unless I'm mistaken though, we have anhoming missile headed straight for us!\" Sarah caught her breath. A homing missile? That could not be good. \"What can we do, Station 5?\" \"There's an abandoned building coming up on our left. \"You heard the woman, Station 3!\" Sarah commanded. \"Duck and cover!\" A few tense moments passed, as the probe dove into the building andnshut off all, it's sensors, really fast. The missile, having lost track ofnthe probe, dove into the building as well, and blew up. As soon as thenrumbling stopped, Sarah ordered the probe to lift-off again. It almost appeared that the probe was not going to make it. All thensensors came back online, but it was having trouble firing its thrusters.nJust when everyone had given up hope, the thrusters fired, the probe liftednshakily from the rubble, and took off. Everyone cheered. The probe found Gabriel quite easily after that. He was in a meetingnwith his most trusted officers, probably plotting the mission. Mandy andnGabriel had no clue that the Witches had one up on them. So much for ansecret council! The Witches now knew all their plans. ","Summary":" Let Forever Be By: Amaya Laurence Prologue 6:05pm, Tuesday, Samhain 1986 (31, October) A scream pie"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Neverending Fates","Author":"Anna Tyrell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6187880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N- Okay, so this is my very first story, so be nice! : ) In case you're wondering-I changed the girl's name, cause 'I really don't like «Lilly». And please do review! Thank you. Prologue. Roni woke up with a smile on her face, which happened…well…hardly ever! Only when her mother was there had that happened, and even then it was a rarity. The first several months since Meredith Bux had left her and her father, Bastian, to carry on with their own lives, was a great challenge for her. Of course Bastian hadn't been overjoyed either, but it wasn't nearly as tragic for him as when he ad lost his mother while still a child. His mother had died; Meredith had simply abandoned them. He knew how hard it was for Roni, however, even he couldn't imagine what it was like to be betrayed by your own mother. He tried to explain to Roni that sometimes marriage doesn't work out as expected or hoped, but she was sixteen, and she was old enough to know and understand such things. Bastian proved himself to be a wonderful father and he was always there for his daughter. Little by little they became accustomed to life with only each other to rely on. The fact that Bastian was thirty-five and still managed to retain a bit of childishness inside was a help, too. And Roni kept confirming it; she always said that he was nothing like the other fathers she knew. She had been to most of her friend's houses and their parents where just so…dull. Too boring, too snobby, too \"grown up!\" She was more than happy to admit just how lucky she was. She saw Bastian more as brother, or a best friend, rather than a \"dad\". The two of them never missed a chance to have fun. Even while doing her homework Bastian managed to leave a remark here and there and the result was that usually both of them ended up rolling on the floor, laughing. He was truly an ideal father. But sometimes even Bastian couldn't do anything to take away her pain. Roni missed Meredith, and it didn't matter what she had done to her and her father. She would always be her mother and she would always love and miss her. But since not-so-long-ago, Roni found herself a new something to live for. The book. The book she accidentally found in their attic; \"The Neverending Story.\" And the first thing that came to her mind when thinking of it was Atreyu. When she discovered the book she immediately took it to Bastian. For a minute or two he just stared at the cover as if it were some hidden treasure. \"Where did you get this?\" he asked, completely stunned. \"Ummm…in the attic. It was lying under a pile of junk. What is it, Dad? Is this book somehow special?\" \"Oh, Roni,\" he sighed wistfully and nostalgically, \"you have no idea just how special this Book is…\" Of course, Roni did not believe him the first time. Or the second. Or even the third. Only the glowing AURIN on the cover made her reconsider her belief. Ever since that day when she had visited Fantasia, most of her attention was fixed on Atreyu. Bastian had also once visited there. After all, this was the first chance he had since he was a boy. He had really missed that world. And he obviously still terribly missed his best friend. As he had expected, Atreyu had only changed a little; barely even just a little. Bastian realized that here creatures age differently. While Bastian was thirty-five, Atreyu was sixteen. He retained all his child-like beauty but acquired some of a man's as well. He was visibly stronger and taller. But never mind that; he was still incredibly happy to see his best friend again! They talked about everything they could think of until Bastian had to return home again. But there was nothing to be sad about when they finally had to part. As long as his daughter continued to visit they would always remain in touch.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1. \"Veronica Bux! You'd better get down here before I get up there!\" Bastian shouted from the kitchen downstairs. \"Coming, dad!\" Roni quickly sprinted from her room to the bathroom, back to her room and, finally, downstairs. She had an amazing ability to get herself ready for the day in just five minutes if she had to, otherwise, it could take her up to an hour. \"Morning, Dad!\" She smiled and joined him at the breakfast table, immediately engaging in a casual conversation. \"Morning baby-doll, how did you sleep?\" \"Oh, better than I can remember!\" \"Well, that's good, because today is the day of the try-outs for the school talent competition and you'd better not screw this up and make the cut.\" He smiled matter-of-factly. \"I'll do everything within my power…\" She purposely faked a smile, making her father laugh. \"Don't worry, darling, you'll do just fine!\" \"I'm not worried!\" she said, slightly annoyed, \" I just don't see why I have to do this at all. Okay, say, I've been chosen. What then? The rehearsals, the arrangements… all of that takes so much time and…\" \"And you need so much extra time for what, exactly?\" he cocked his head to the side, a knowing grin appearing on his face. \"You know very well for what…\" she replied quietly, lowering her gaze. \"To go to Fantasia, right?\" \"Obviously...\" \"To see Atreyu, right?\" And that was the moment she knew he was teasing her on purpose. \"O-of course, that too.\" She kept a straight face, but couldn't stop herself from blushing. \"Awww...\" Bastian made a teasing face that Roni would have expected from a kid brother rather than her father. \"Look who's blushing! Isn't it Little Miss 'Back-Off-I'm-Not-Interested'? What, did he manage to break through that thick shell of yours? Is my Ice Princess finally melting? You really like Atreyu, don't you?\" \"Spectacular, how very mature of you, dad...\" By now Roni was nearly as red as a tomato and boiling over with annoyance. \"You think you're funny now?\" \"I think I'm amazing! So, do you? Do you? Do you? Do you? Do…\" \"Cut it out!\" \"- you? Do you? Do you?\" \"STOP THAT!\" Roni rapidly stood up from her chair, rewarding Bastian with a glare. \"So you do!\" Bastian snapped his fingers with a relieved and even a slightly excited look on his face. His daughter slowly sat back down looking quite embarrassed. Seeing her face, Bastian felt somewhat guilty. \"I'm sorry, darlin'. But there's really nothing to be embarrassed about. I was just teasing you. Come on, now, surely you know that!\" Roni kept her gaze lowered. \"Yeah, sure, I know that. No problem…\" Bastian looked at his daughter with concern. \"Roni? Hey, baby, I'm not just your dad, I'm your friend. You can tell me anything. What's going on between you two? Is it something serious?\" \"Dad...\" Roni hesitated, trying to choose her words carefully. \"Do you think… something could possibly be going on? You know… between Atreyu and I?\" Now that she was speaking to him more freely, Bastian relaxed a bit himself. \"Well, I can't say for sure, since I'm never there, but there are some things I do know. First,\" he began, counting on his fingers, \"You're gorgeous! There is no way any boy in the world could ever resist you.\" Roni slightly fidgeted in her seat, but smiled at the compliment. \"Second - knowing how much time you spend with him, I assume you two always have something to talk about, so you don't get bored with each others company.\" 'That's true', she thought to herself. \"And the third- If there is a boy in the entire world who is worthy of you, who can take care of you and to whom I, with a calm heart and mind, would be able to deliver you, that boy is none other than Atreyu.\" Roni couldn't stop smiling. \"I love you, dad!\" she said and hugged him tightly. \"You're the best!\" Bastian chuckled. \"I know, baby-doll. I love you, too. Now, run along. The bus is here.\" Roni released her father, kissed him on the cheek, and picked up her bag. She headed for the door. \"Later, Dad!\" \"Later…Hey, Roni!\" \"Hmm?\" \"Make me proud!\" She smiled brightly and gave a quick nod. \"I will, Dad!\" And with that she was off.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer- Don't own The Neverending Story *sigh*. Chapter 3 At 2 P.M. Bastian was startled by the loud BANG of the front door, which obviously meant that Roni was home. \"Argh!\" his daughter cried out in frustration as soon as she was inside. \"Good afternoon to you, too, darlin!\" Bastian smiled as he went downstairs to meet Roni. He found her sitting at the kitchen table, munching on an apple with a decidedly menacing look. He could almost see the smoke coming out of her ears. \"By the friendly look on your face I can tell it went pretty well!\" Bastian chuckled. \"I can't stand her!\" exclaimed Roni, as if Bastian wasn't even in the room. \"I beg your pardon?\" He had a pretty good idea of who his daughter was talking about, but he had to be certain and so he waited for a reply. When none was forthcoming, he assumed that his intuition was correct. \"Is Lita pestering you again?\" he asked with a sympathetic expression. Lita Quinn, had been Roni's worst enemy since preschool. 'The pretty popular girl.' There is always one in every school. The one who thinks of herself as the Queen of the Universe, and there is inevitably a small army of 'skanky' girls to back her. But unfortunately for her, Roni was much more friendly, and everyone in school could see that. She had no choice other than to share the Throne. And, of course, that was not what she wanted at all. Lita was doing her best to push Roni out of her way and never missed a chance to say something scathing to her every chance she got. Bastian knew all about this and assumed that today was no exception. But surely his daughter couldn't be brought down with just one 'ouch' rated comment! \"Come on, spill it, darlin'. What did she do today?\" \"Nothing!\" Roni sounded extremely annoyed. \"It's just that…she always tries to top me in everything! It so irritating!\" \"Did she try to keep you out of the show?\" he asked. \"Yeah. Of course, I got in anyway, so…\" \"That's great news, honey!\" Bastian interrupted. He couldn't help it. He was proud of his daughter for making the Talent Competition. \"Thanks, but the point is… she is making it so darned difficult!\" Roni sighed. She wasn't afraid of Lita; she knew that all Lita was trying to do was to move her out of her way. No, Roni decided, she wouldn't give up; she wouldn't make the princess's life that easy. This was going nowhere, as usual, and Bastian decided to change the subject to something more pleasant. \"Okay, since you've apparently finished your dinner...\" he glanced at the half-eaten apple, \"you are probably planning on going somewhere.\" He smiled at Roni indulgently and lovingly. \"What? Where?\" She arched an eyebrow. \"I wasn't going to go any…oh, right! I almost forgot! So, I have until…?\" She fervently hoped that he would allow her more time than he had yesterday. \"Nine. You have until nine, young lady. You're lucky that I'm feeling generous today.\" He laughed. \"Oh, of course! Right! Thanks, Dad!\" She was genuinely excited and pleased. It was more time; significantly more than what she had been allowed last time, which was only until 7:00 P.M. And considering that she had departed at 4:00 P.M, that had seemed like next to nothing. Roni ran excitedly upstairs to her room and eagerly pulled the Book from under her bed. \"Fantasia, here I come!\"she thought and Wished herself off to the marvelous and magical world that she was now considered her Second Home.[Chapter 4] I would like to thank Niphuria for helping me a big deal in rewriting my story Chapter 3 Roni opened her eyes and smiled in pleasure. She was in precisely the same place she had departed from last time. She was in a small and lush meadow by the river. However, right now she couldn't see Atreyu or Artax anywhere. \"Atreyu!\" she called loudly, hoping he was somewhere nearby. \"Atreyu, I'm back!\" she called again and began walking through the trees hoping to spot him. Suddenly, a pair of strong arms wrapped around her middle. \"Gotcha!\" a voice she knew all too well exclaimed from behind her, making Roni let out a startled yelp. \"Very funny! You want to give me a heart attack?\" Atreyu chuckled. \"Come on, I was just fooling around!\" Meanwhile, Roni struggled from his grasp and turned to face him. 'Boy, is he strong!' she thought to herself, muttering a hushed \"Yeah, sure, whatever.\" \"Okay, okay, I'm sorry I frightened you,\" he said warmly and smiled in the way that always made Roni's heart melt and her temper cool. She was always surprised at her inability to remain angry with him for more than fifteen seconds or so! By the way he was looking at her and smiling… she couldn't prevent her rising blush and decided to quickly change the subject before it became too obvious. \"So, what are we gonna do today?\" she asked casually and looked away from his eyes. \"Well, that depends on how much time you have,\" he replied in the same casual tone. \"I have until nine. Dad was feeling very generous,\" she said with a smile. \"That really is generous, considering that he is your father and he won't know exactly where you are,\" he said matter-of-factly. \"How marvelously considerate of you.\" Roni said with a slight hint of sarcasm. \"And besides, he does know where I am. And he also knows that I am with you, so, really, what's the worst that could happen to me?\" She paused for a moment, blushing once more when she realized what she had just said. Atreyu grinned happily, obviously flattered. \"You really do trust me, don't you?\" he asked, knowing perfectly well that the answer would be a definite 'yes'. However, he wanted to hear her say it. \"Of course I do! How can you even ask that? Do you really think that I would be here if I didn't?\" she replied, genuinely surprised at his question. \"And Bastian trusts you, too. I mean, he always gets that growl of his when a boy from my class so much as talks to me, but as soon as I say that I am going to visit you for a few hours, he lets me go without a second thought.\" That was one of the things she didn't quite understand. Of course she knew that her father and Atreyu were childhood friends, but other than that, why was Atreyu so different and special to him? \"You must have done something quite special for him, Atreyu. What was it?\" she asked, studying his face and trying to figure out what he was thinking. But his expression was, as always, nearly inscrutable. \"You wanted me to show you around a bit, remember?\" he asked, purposely changing the subject. Roni's brow furrowed. For a reason she couldn't guess, he didn't want to talk about himself and her father. 'It must have been something REALLY huge,' she thought. Oh well, if he didn't want to tell her just yet, she figured it could wait. But they would return to the subject! Roni was too intrigued to let it go altogether. \"Yes, of course! Where are you taking me first?\" \"I want to show you a very beautiful place. You can see almost all of Fantasia from there; including The Ivory Tower.\" Atreyu accentuated the last words, for he knew how badly she wanted to see it for herself. Roni's eyes instantly lit up, just as he had anticipated. \"The Ivory Tower?\" she gasped, \"I've been dying to see it!\" \"I know!\" He smiled and a short moment later was seated atop Artax. Roni was once again amazed at how skilled he was. She had taken horse-back riding lessons several years ago but it still took her at little time to mount a horse. But for Atreyu it was as natural as walking or breathing. \"Growing old up here, Roni!\" he teased her, laughing. \"You frozen down there, or what?\" Roni smiled at her awkwardness. She suddenly realized that she's just been standing there and staring into space, caught up in her thoughts. \"Come on, get up here!\" Atreyu chuckled and extended his hand to assist her. She gladly took it and positioned herself behind his back. \"Um…what am I supposed to hold on to?\" She couldn't see any straps or anything to grasp onto from where she was sitting. \"Me,\" came the simple reply. Once again Roni felt blood rush to her face, but of course she had no objections and wrapped her arms snugly around his waist. 'Awesome...' she thought to herself, unable to ignore her delight in the situation and rested her cheek against his strong back. \"Come on, Artax,\" Atreyu said and suddenly they were off. Soon, perhaps twenty or so minutes later, they reached a forest and Atreyu leapt off of Artax and helped Roni to the ground. Seeing the confused look on her face he explained. \"See this path? It leads up into the forest and ends at a hill. You wouldn't mind a ten minute walk, right?\" 'Would I mind? Is he for real?' she thought eagerly. \"No, Atreyu, of course not.\" He was right. The woods did begin to rise and several minutes later she saw the hill. \"This is it,\" he said, \"Now close your eyes.\" She obliged as he led her several meters higher. \"Can I open them now?\" she asked excitedly. \"Just another moment... Now!\" he said warmly and quietly. Roni opened her eyes and her jaw dropped. It was indeed the most beautiful sight she had ever beheld! Just as he had said; Fantasia was in full view! And in the middle of the plains, valleys and vast woods, almost reaching the sky, proudly stood The Ivory Tower! \"I…It's… It's so magical! Even more enchanting than I thought it would be!\" she said, wide-eyed her voice filled with wonder. \"I'm glad you like it.\" Atreyu smiled. \"Would you like to sit down?\" \"Absolutely!\" she said, unable to tear her eyes from the view. For a few minutes they just sat together in companionable silence. He decided to let her take it all in. He remembered how he had experienced the same fascination and wonder when he had first discovered this place. After a few moments he finally spoke. \"So, what's going on in your school?\" \"What?\" She tore her gaze away from the Tower and focused on Atreyu. \"Oh, not much, really. I was chosen to represent our class on the school Talent Competition.\" \"Talent competition? That sounds like fun!\" He had never heard of such a thing, but quickly figured out what it must mean. \"Yeah, I'm bursting with joy.\" Her purposely fake smile told him otherwise. \"Isn't it fun?\" he wondered. Perhaps he misunderstood her and it was not what he thought it must be. \"Well, part of it is, I guess. But it's also so much work…\" \"Everything you want to succeed in entails some work, Roni.\" he said matter-of-factly, reminding her a bit of her father. \"I know that, but still… Oh well, I guess kicking some cheerleader butt will be worth it!\" Her eyes lit up and she laughed. \"In your face, Lita!\" Atreyu laughed. \"And who would that be?\" \"My school rival. She'd been bending over backwards to stop me from entering the Competition.\" She grimaced at the memories. \"I'll bet the look on her face when you made it anyway was completely priceless.\" \"It sure was!\" She smiled again. \"RONI!\" suddenly bellowed from the sky. \"Aye?\" she shouted back to her father, startled, but annoyed. \"It's half past nine already! Where are you?\" \"It is? Already?\" She was always surprised at how time passed differently here. \"Coming, oh mighty voice from the Heavens!\" she replied with a touch of sarcasm. \"You better be! Tell Atreyu I said hello.\" She turned to Atreyu. \"You heard him.\" she smiled. \"Sure did,\" he returned the smile. \"Give Bastian my apologies. I don't really know how time differs here either. Will I be seeing you tomorrow?\" \"Of course! I would never miss a day if I have anything to say about it.\" she replied quietly but sincerely and he pulled her into a tight hug. \"See you tomorrow, Roni,\" he whispered. A moment later she touched the AURIN and wished herself back home.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4 The next moment Roni was back in her room again, sitting on her bed. She re-read the last sentence in the book and sighed dreamily. She remembered how wonderful and secure she felt when Atreyu had hugged her goodbye. She could still feel the warmth of his arms around her. Somehow, whenever she was around him, she found herself experiencing rather strange and confusing feelings. They were different from the feelings she had for her friends and classmates. Roni suddenly realized that she had never felt this way about anyone before. \"Wow, wow, wow! Snap out of it!\" she scolded herself. \"You should NOT be thinking about him that way!\". \"And why not, exactly?\" Roni turned her head and saw Bastian leaning against the doorway, grinning mischievously, his arms folded on his chest. \"Oh! Hey, Dad. I didn't see you there!\" \"Of course you didn't. I don't hide around corners for nothing.\" He grinned and seated himself beside her. \"So, how did the date go?\" he asked as if it was the most natural thing in the world. \"It was NOT a date!\" she retorted, blushing, wide-eyed and her voice an octave higher than she expected. Bastian chuckled. \"Okay then, how did the \"not a date\" go?\" She thought for a moment. \"Well, it was fun, as usual. But it was even better this time. Atreyu took me to see the Ivory Tower!\" She smiled at the memory. \"The Ivory Tower, eh? Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen?\" He smiled nostalgically. \"It sure is, Dad!\" she exclaimed, recalling it's breathtaking, majestic beauty. It was then that Roni suddenly remembered a part of her conversation with Atreyu that really fascinated, yet puzzled her. But Atreyu had cut it off… Flashback. \"You must have done something huge for him. What was it?\" she asked and studied him for a moment, trying to figure out what he was thinking, but his expression was, as always, nearly inscrutable. \"You wanted me to show you around a bit, remember?\" he asked, smoothly ignoring her question without giving Roni a reason. He plainly did not want to discuss it. \"It must have been something REALLY huge,\" she thought. Oh well, if he didn't want to tell her just yet, she supposed it would have to wait. But they would get back to this! Roni was too intrigued to let it go forever. End Flashback. \"Dad…\" she began, hesitantly. \"Yes, darlin'?\" He looked at her, patiently waiting for her to continue. She looked him in the eyes and continued on. \"Atreyu was your childhood BFF, right?\" Bastian laughed. \"Well, technically, there was no such term as \"BFF\" in those days, but you've got the basic point correct, yes. Why do you ask?\" \"I know he has done something very big or very important for you,\" she said in a calm, but serious tone. Bastian's posture slowly began to tense, as the not so pleasant memories once again wormed their way into his mind. \"Dad? What was it?\" She tilted her head towards him in an attempt to make him look at her. She hadn't expected such a reaction from him. She remembered how Atreyu himself had also become quite uncomfortable when she had brought up the subject. Roni looked intently at her father, and from the look on his face and in his eyes, she knew he was having a difficult time coping with this topic, but she had no idea why. Meanwhile, Bastian was having other thoughts. \"Has he told her anything? Why does she even want to know? How am I supposed to explain to her something like that?\" He knew that Atreyu had long since forgiven him for what he had done to him, and what he had almost done to Fantasia. But Bastian could never forget, nor entirely forgive himself. He simply could not accept his own apology, and thus, forgive himself . Finally, he pulled himself together as best he could. \"It's a long story, Roni.\" She looked in his eyes again, softening her gaze to reassure him. \"I've got all the time you need, Dad.\" Bastian sighed and gave in. \"Very well, but I'm warning you right now; you really will not like some of this story.\" He paused for a moment to gather his courage, then resumed speaking. \"You recall how the Childlike Empress was dying and she sent Atreyu on his Great Quest to find a cure for her and to stop the Nothing and in the end he discovered that all she needed was a New Name and I was the Earthling Child, chosen to give it to her?\" Roni nodded. \"Well, do you know what happened after that?\" She replied casually. \"Sure. You went to revisit Fantasia after it was restored from the Nothing.\" \"Ah, but do you know how long I remained there?\" She shook her head. She had no idea. \"Honey, I remained there for a couple of weeks. And in those couple of weeks I managed to do a lot of things. Some of them were very good. And...some were not so good.\" He looked down, mentally berating himself, as he had done so many times before. She adjusted her position and appeared ready to hear the rest of the story. Hehe) I'm evil, I know. It's not much of a chapter, it's just so you know that I am not dead or anything. The rule applies - no reviews = no updates. So don't be a lazy reader, and I won't be a lazy author- I think that's fair. Thank you![Chapter 6] A/N. I'm back , you lazy people!) Oh well, my story has been added to faves, so I take that as a «keep going» sign. This chapter is really long, and hopefully, worth the wait. It also contains book spoilers. Please bear with my grammar and enjoy!) Chapter 5. Bastian took a breath and started speaking. «Atreyu was my best friend from the moment I met him. He was always kind, encouraging and, most important, reasonable. You know, The Impress gave me the AURIN, when I came to Fantasia?» Roni nodded. «Well, it appeared to be not just a sign of power. It could grant any wish I make. But, unfortunately, it wasn't granting them for nothing. With every wish I made- I was losing a memory from my life here. Atreyu was the first and the only one to notice that something was not right. It all started with memory lapses. One day I tell him something about my Earth life, and the next day, after I make another wish, I couldn't remember any of it. But it wasn't just about my memory. Realizing, that I now had power, that I was no longer the weak, wimpy boy, I began changing for the worse. The respect everyone was giving me, the status «Savior» was plainly spoiling me. Everyone was at my feet. Everyone, except Atreyu. No matter what I did, he gave no signs of humility or obedience, like the others. That wasn't good enough for me.» He smiled, bitterly, disgusted with himself. « I can't believe myself, I can't believe how utterly stupid I was being! I was acting like a child! That wasn't good enough for me. I wanted him to be afraid of me, like the others. I wanted him to stop treating me like a child. I didn't understand then, that he was just trying to protect me from losing myself completely. He had every right to place himself above me. After all, he was the one to go through all the pain and suffering on his Quest to bring me here. He was the true hero of Fantasia. But I was so blinded by the fame and utter respect, I couldn't see any of what was happening to me, or how Atreyu climbed over backwards to help me. Meanwhile, I was becoming more and more arrogant and self-centered. Every time Atreyu tried to talk some sense into me, I either snapped or even yelled at him.» He shook his head. «Things like that never lead to any good. It's like a time bomb. You never know when it will explode. It will, eventually, when you least expect it. And one day, it did. After a big fight with him, I began to miss my friend. But I didn't want to apologize and admit that I was wrong. So, I put on an invisibility belt and went off to find him.» I did- he was sitting under a large tree, talking to Falkor. Flashback - That was my last hope, - Atreyu said. - I thought: \"What if she will make an exception for him and take the AURIN back. But, she didn't.\" - She knows what she is doing, - said Falkor. At this point, Bastian found them and quietly approached. - But does she know everything? - muttered Atreyu. - He shouldn't be wearing the AURIN any longer. - He will not give it to you willingly. - Then I will have to take it from him, - said Atreyu. At that Bastian felt the earth leaving from under his feet. - Yes, and if you take the amulet, he cannot force you to give it back - he heard Falkor. - I don't know that - said Atreyu. - His power and magic sword will still be with him. - But the sign will protect you even from him - said Falkor. - No - said Atreyu – I don't think so. It probably won't. Not from him. - Do you remember,- Falkor continued with a bitter laugh - he offered it to you himself when you first met in Amargant. And you refused. Atreyu nodded: - I had no idea what it's capable of back then. - What are you thinking? - asked Falkor. - What can you do to take away the AURIN? - I'll have to steal it, - said Atreyu. Falkor raised his head and looked at looked at Atreyu, astonished. With downcast eyes and a heavy heart, he softly repeated: - Yes, I have to steal it. I have no choice. There was an ominous silence. Falkor then asked: - When? - Tonight- said Atreyu - it might be too late in the morning. Bastian did not want to hear any more. He slowly walked away. He now felt nothing except endless, cold emptiness. He was furious. No matter, how rude he was being, Atreyu still remained his only friend. It was already dawn. Bastian sat under a tree near the tent and waited, wrapped in a silver cloak. Time dragged on endlessly slow. But here the sky was a little lighter – morning was approaching. Bastian was hoping deeply, that Atreyu has abandoned his intention. Suddenly he heard a loud noise and cries, shot through the tent. And the next moment Atreyu was brought in, shackled. He was lead and held in place, by 3 knights. Bastian wearily stood up and leaned against a tree. - So it's true! - He said quietly. Then he went to his tent. He did not want to look at Atreyu, who also walked, his head down. - He did not show any resistance! – one knight muttered, nodding towards Atreyu, who stood motionless with his head down. Bastian turned away and sat on a rock. Five other knights led Falkor. The procession stopped in front of Bastian. Falkor lay on the ground at Atreyu's feet, and closed his eyes. There was a weary silence, which lasted very long. All eyes were fixed on Atreyu and Bastian. Their motionless figures in the weak morning light seemed frozen. Bastian finally stood up. - Atreyu - he said –you intended to steal the AURIN from me, and you, Falkor, knew about it and pandered to his plan. So both of you, not only betrayed our long-standing friendship, but also committed the gravest crime, which is worthy of death. Do you plead guilty? Atreyu lifted his head, gave Bastian a long look, then nodded. Bastian's breath hitched. He twice started the following sentence before he could utter it: - I remember, Atreyu, that you are the one, who brought me here. So I want to spare you. Spare the lives of a thief and his accomplice. Do what you wish, but you will leave me. Go away, the farther the better. And never again dare to appear before my eyes. I banish you forever. As if I never knew you! He nodded at a knight, to free Atreyu from his shackles, turned away and sat back down on a stone. For a long time, Atreyu was not budging, then looked at Bastian. It seemed to him that he wanted to say something. But apparently changed his mind. Leaning toward Falkor, he whispered something in his ear. The Luck Dragon opened his eyes and sat up. Atreyu leaped on his back, and Falkor rose skyward. They flew directly towards the brightening sky, and although his movements looked tired and some sort of a burden, in a few moments they had disappeared in the distance. End flashback. «I didn't know at that point, that without him, I was doomed. After a day or two, I've gone completely round the bend. I intended to crown myself \" The Emperor of Fantasia\". But on the coronation day, Atreyu was reported to me, heading our place, with an army of his own, demanding for me to give the AUIRIN. The place had quickly turned into a battlefield. He didn't want to fight me off to become a ruler himself-of course not! He was once again, trying to save me. To save me from myself. Flashback. - Atreyu! - He shouted hoarsely. - Atreyu! Where are you? Show yourself! Come out to battle! But the sword Zikanda remained in its scabbard, and it was impossible to pull it off. Bastian scoured for all rooms of the palace, running from one building to another. Then he jumped up on the ramparts of the place and just wanted to run over the main gate, when he saw Atreyu coming to meet him on the other side of the gate. Atreyu was holding a naked sword. They stood against each other, gazing into each other's eyes. Zikanda was frozen in the scabbard. Atreyu placed the tip of his sword to Bastian's chest. - Give me the AURIN- he said - For your own sake. - Traitor! - Bastian cried. - You are my creation! All that there is, is created by me! And you, too! And you still dare to go against me? Kneel and beg forgiveness! - You've gone mad - Atreyu said. - You have not done anything here. You owe everything to the Childlike Impress! Give me the AURIN! - Try and take it! - Bastian said. - If you can! Atreyu hesitated. - Bastian - he said slowly, - Don't force me to defeat you for your own good. Bastian pulled the handle of the sword. Thanks to his great strength he was able to pull Zikanda from its sheath, though it did not jump into his hand itself, as it is supposed to. He charged at Atreyu. He tried to shield with his sword, but Zikanda split Atreyu's sword in half and pierced through his chest. Blood instantly rushed from the deep wound. Atreyu stepped back, swayed and almost fell down. But suddenly, a white flame came out of nowhere andcaught the unconscious Atreyu and disappeared in the night. It was Falkor – the Luck Dragon. End Flashback. Bastian stopped speaking for a moment, and lifted his head to look at Roni. She was pale as death and he could see tears forming in her horrified eyes. «D-dad, -she started with a faltering voice- You didn't! P-please tell me you didn't do that!» Bastian was only half expecting such a strong reaction. He looked her in the eyes and replied, with a quiet, bitter voice. \"I'm sorry, baby. I'm so sorry.\" Roni lowered her head, quietly sobbing to herself. Bastian hugged her instantly and let her cry for a moment. Once Roni calmed down a bit she pulled away from him and asked «And what happened then?» Bastian sighed «Then everything happened just as he'd predicted. Eventually, it came to the point, when I couldn't even remember my own name. To my incredible luck, I accidentally ran into him in a field, and, as on instinct, gave him the AURIN and that motion transported us to a strange place, which looked like a very big gate. It was there that all my memories came back to me. I was back to the way I was when I first came here. I was myself again. At that moment I felt like dropping on my knees and begging Atreyu for forgiveness. But I couldn't even muster a word. I had no idea what to say to make him forgive me. Apparently, Atreyu saw my inner struggle and smiled at me. I knew, a smile like that could indicate only one thing- forgiveness. After that I returned home.» Roni remained silent for a few moments, and Bastian could tell she was deep in her thoughts. He glanced at the clock and smiled «It's past bedtime» She looked up at him and muttered «Yeah, sure.» Bastian got up « I guess you need some time alone to take it all in» She smiled and nodded her head. He kissed her forehead and headed the doorway. Then, turned off the lights and said «Goodnight, darlin» «Goodnight, dad. And, I'm glad everything worked out in the end.» Bastian smiled and spoke his last words before walking out. «Me too, honey. Me too» Hope you liked it and, as always- review![Chapter 7] Hello again) Really sorry for the HUGE delay…again. I was having kind of a writer's block, but yesterday I started re-reading NEST and inspiration just flooded over me)) Enjoy! Chapter 6 Roni turned in her bed, unable to fall asleep. Too much information dwelled in her head. Her mind was irritated, and her emotions were mixed. Now it was clear as glass to her, why Atreyu didn't want to speak about him and her father. If she was in his place- she wouldn't either! What was he to say? \"Once upon a time, your dad and I used to be best friends, but he turned into a spoilt jerk and almost killed me.\" Yeah, right. That brought back the part of the story, that shocked her most of all. Unbelievable. Bastian almost killed Atreyu. Her father almost killed the boy she loved! Wait, what was that? Loved? At that moment, the realization hit Roni. One part of her was not being able to even think of Atreyu being harmed. She knew that if something happened to him, she couldn't go on. The other part was completely astonished and delighted with his heroism, courage and selflessness. She was aware, that he was a great warrior, but right now, it turned out he was even more than that. Not only did he risk his life to save his friend, but he had forgiven Bastian, after all he had done to him! Roni honestly didn't know if she could do the same. He was truly something to behold. Yes, she finally admitted it, she was utterly in love with him. No more uncertainty on this point. She still couldn't believe that someone could be capable of such feats. She felt, somehow, honored to even know him. Finally, she felt sleep taking over her, and no need to say, what, or should it be, who was her last thought before she blacked out. The sun rays peered through the window, slowly dragging Roni out of her slumber. She opened her eyes and smiled. Saturday. No school and that means-she could spend the whole day in Fantasia, with Atreyu! Roni felt her heart skip at the thought. Not wishing to waste any more time, Roni got off her bed and started getting ready for the day. She dressed herself in a pair of ragged hipster jeans, a red top and a white shirt, which she had tied in a knot, just below her chest. She combed her blonde hair, which almost reached her waist and smiled at her reflection. «Whoa, dad's right. I guess, I AM gorgeous.» She hurried downstairs for breakfast and rushed in the kitchen, accidentally knocking down a chair on her way. «Damn thing!» she muttered and joined Bastian on the breakfast table. «Good morning to you too, sweetheart.» Bastian chuckled. She looked up, munching on a sandwich «Oh, mornin' dad! That wasn't to you, that was to the…» «Chair. I got it.» he smiled. «Today is Saturday, you know.» Roni looked up. «Thank you, Captain \"DUH\" !» He laughed- «Well anyway, what are your plans?» She faked a thinking face. «Well, I had plenty of options on my mind. I could go to Fantasia, or…I could go to Fantasia, or…did I mention Fantasia already?» «Well what you haven't mentioned is the rehearsal for the Talent show.» She grimaced. Bastian looked her in the eyes. «Roni, have you even picked a song yet?» «Dad, how lazy do you think I am? Of course I picked a song! It's called…it's called…» She didn't have a song. At that moment, rushing through all the songs she knew, her mind set on her favorite one. «It's called \"If Cupid Had A Heart\"!» «Sounds good. Is it a slow song?» «No. Everyone thinks it's a slow song, but it's not.» «So, when are you planning to work on it?» She moaned- «Dad, I can do just fine! I've heard it a thousand times, today is Saturday and I want to spend it doing something better than revising a song I know perfectly well! Pleeeeaaase!» He sighed- «Oh, alright. I guess \"something better\" is already waiting for you.» Roni giggled and hugged him «Thanks, Dad, you're the best! Speaking of the best-how long do I have?» Bastian made it look like he was thinking seriously- «Well, as you mentioned before, today is Saturday and the day after is Sunday so… I guess I could give you until eleven.» «Really? Until eleven? Ow, wow!» «Yeah, I wanted to invite Uncle Dean to watch a game tonight anyway.» She nodded and hurried upstairs. «Have fun!» Bastian shouted. «You too!». As soon as the door closed behind her, Roni snatched The Neverending Story from under the pillow. The moment she opened it, the AURIN around her neck began to shine and glitter. «Fantasia, here I come!» she thought and closed her eyes, and the next minute she opened them, she was in an all-too familiar meadow. Short…I know. But, Hey, at least she admitted it to herself!) Now, see that green link below, the one that says \"review\" on it? Yeah, that's right-press it and tell me watcha think)[Chapter 8] Hey guys) As a compensation for the wait from last time, a looong and, hopefully, delicious chappie -voila!) Chapter 7. Roni looked around and saw Atreyu and Artax sitting by the river. It didn't look like he saw her arrive. «Time for some payback» she thought and started slowly sneaking up from behind him. She was THIS close to scaring him, but suddenly… «Not a chance, Roni» She groaned and came around to face him. «How did you know? You don't have eyes on your back! I checked for that one!» Atreyu laughed «In case you didn't know, you have a reflection.» He motioned towards the water. She looked at the surface and then back at him. «Oh.» He grinned. «Wanted some revenge, didn't you?» «I do not know what you are talking about.-she said in an innocent voice. – So, what are our plans for today?» «I was thinking that you might want to meet some of my friends. It's pair of gnomes. They helped me a big deal, while I was on my Quest. Would you like to? «Absolutely!» she exclaimed, enthusiastically. «Where do they live?» «It's a very long way from here. We'll have to get on Artax, if we want to get there today.- he explained «Of course, if you don't feel like horseback riding we could always go some other time…» She smiled to herself 'Oh, Atreyu, always concerned about my preferences' . «No, no, no! I would prefer to take the long way.»-she said. Having some time to just cling to him sounded awfully good. He smiled and got on Artax, than, as usual, offered his hand to help her. «Hold on tight!» he said, and in a moment they were off. Time passed and Roni began to think how long was it already? But she didn't really care. Artax galloped like the wind and after about an hour or so, they reached something that looked like a stone mountain in the middle of a dark plain. They got a bit farther and Atreyu stopped the horse. He jumped off and helped Roni get down. «We're here» he said and led her to an opening in the mountain that looked like a cave, except that there was light in that cave and she could feel the smell of something tasty coming from there. Once they got closer, they observed a most amusing sight. A gnome, which Roni guessed, was a lady, about 20 inches tall,was busy moving around the kitchen, mumbling a song. She could tell, the lady was cooking something. She looked closer and saw another one, about the same height, an old man sitting behind a desk, writing something. «Will you be quiet already? Your mumbling is distracting me! I have to concentrate!» the man snapped, annoyed. «Concentrate on what? Your stupid books again? Come on, we both know you'll never get them done!» the lady replied, not turning around. «Silence, woman! You don't know a thing! When I finish my scientific works…» Atreyu coughed discreetly, revealing our presence. The lady turned around at once. «Who's there?» She looked towards the opening and smiled an ,even though almost toothless, but a bright smile and quickly came closer. «Atreyu! My goodness! We never thought we'd ever see you again! Such a pleasant surprise!» He smiled warmly. «I could never forget your help with healing my wounds last time. I see, nothing has changed much in here.» She shook her head. «No. Well, not much. As you can see, the old loon is still busy with his \"scientific works\".» She turned to Roni and smiled. «And who is the beautiful blossom with you?» Roni blushed. «My name is Veronica Bux. But everyone calls me Roni» «Than that is what we shall call you. I would invite you two in, but I'm afraid you'll get a bit cramped. So we'll come out and have a nice dinner outside.» Roni started shaking her head and rambling something about not being hungry, but Atreyu touched her hand and leaned to whisper in her ear «Don't complain. Trust me, I know her and it would be better to just go with it.» After that smallest of touches and the feeling of his breath and voice on her ear she felt a bit light-headed. But somehow pulled herself together and managed a nod. She turned to the lady. «Thank you. We'd love to!» The lady nodded and turned to gather some food. «Hey, scientist, look who's here!» she gestured towards them. The man looked up and instantly leaped from his chair and rushed to them. «Atreyu! My dear boy! It's been a while! And the young lady is…» «Roni.» They both said in unison and chuckled. «Pleased to meet you, Roni! My name is Engywook, and she is Urgl. Ever heard of me?» She shook her head «I don't think so.» «Oh, you don't move in scientific circles either…» «She is an Earthling.\" Atreyu explained \"The daughter of Bastian - the child who gave the Impress the new name.» Engywook raised his eyebrows, astonished. «The daughter of the Savior? Unbelievable!» Just then Urgl came out with some dishes and drinks. «Come now, all of you! We'll get a chance to discuss everything now!» They settled nearby and took something to eat. After a minute, Urgl turned to Roni. «So, Roni, I accidentally overheard that you are the daughter of the Savior?» She smiled. «Well, I guess so.» «Oh, such an honour! Not only do we know the only hero, that was chosen to save our world by finding the cure…\" she glanced at Atreyu. \"But now the daughter of the Savior too!» Atreyu and Roni blushed equally at the compliments. Roni looked at her plate and thought the pair was so small…it must have been a lot of work for the lady to cook food for all of them. She looked down at her «I hope I am not being a burden.» Urgl looked up and dismissed her worries with a wave of a hand. «Oh, don't be silly! Atreyu's girlfriend is just as welcome as himself!» Roni blushed furiously. «Well, I'm not exactly his girlfriend…» But Atreyu looked her in the eyes and she guessed it - go with it. Engywook and Urgl gave them a \"Yeah, right\" look and resumed eating in silence. After they were done it was almost sunset and Urgl was busy washing the dishes. Roni politely offered her help, and the lady, looking upon all the work, accepted it. Atreyu was feeding Artax, when his gaze fell on Roni. Even though she came here every day, he caught himself on the thought, that he had never actually taken a proper look at her. His gaze wandered from her perfect figure, through her rich blonde hair and to her gorgeous face… yes, she was beautiful in every way. He couldn't deny that. He tried to ignore the strange feelings that built up inside him whenever she was near. It was as if everything about her was attracting him and making him want to spend all of his time with her. Her appearance, her laughter, her voice, the way she could always cheer him up when he's having a bad day… «Pretty little thing, isn't she?» Engywook's voice distracted Atreyu from his thoughts. «What? Oh, well, yes… I guess so… » he murmured quietly and blushed. The old gnome grinned «You know, being in love is nothing to be embarrassed about» Atreyu didn't know what to say and just stared at the ground. At that moment Urgl came out and Roni followed her. «We would love to stay and chat with you a bit longer, but we, old gnomes need sleep. To you, youngsters, it's different.» Roni and Atreyu nodded, wished the two goodnights, and promised to come back some other time. When the pair disappeared in the cave, Atreyu turned to Roni. «I was wondering If you'd like to go to watch The Ivory Tower again with me. It's especially beautiful in the sunset.» She smiled «Do you even have to ask? Of course, I'd love too!» They got on Artax and headed for the hill. About twenty minutes later they have reached their destination. They got off and sat side by side, watching the Tower. \"Whoa, he was right, it IS even more beautiful in the sunset\" Roni thought. Then, suddenly she remembered the subject she wanted to bring up for quite some time. «Atreyu?» she started. «Yeah?» «Um, dad told me everything… about you and him… » He visibly tensed up. «How much did he tell you?» «Everything.\" she looked at him \"Everything about how you used to be friends, how he banished and then almost killed you, but you still tried to save him, and had forgiven him after all he had done.» He didn't say anything, just looked down. He obviously didn't want to bring back the bad memories. Just then, when Roni looked more carefully at him, she spotted a scar on his chest, just below his collar bone. He seemed to notice, what she was staring at and looked up, catching her gaze. «Well, I guess it's a good thing then. That I don't have to hide anything from you anymore.» She nodded «I guess I owe you a huge thank you for saving my father. I was shocked when he told me about everything you had to go through. You really are a hero.» She blushed, realizing what she had just said. He smiled «Thank you, Roni. I'm flattered, really. But it wasn't a big deal… » «What are you talking about? Of course it was a big deal! I could never even think that a person could handle as much as you did!» Her eyes once again fell upon his scar and this time, she didn't avert her gaze. Instead, she moved closer to have a better look. Atreyu felt his heartbeat speeding up at her closeness, but he decided to keep calm and just let her study him. As she looked at the physical proof of his heroism and bravery, she felt emotion build up inside her much more strongly than ever before. 'It's now or never' she thought, gathering all the courage that she had and thinking with her heart only. Before she knew what she was doing, she looked up at him. «Atreyu… may I kiss you?» He was taken aback. His mind was running wild. He had never kissed a girl before! He had never even thought about kissing a girl before! But now, that Roni brought it up ,he felt that he just couldn't deny her, nor did he want to. He didn't know what to say, how to answer, so he just gave a small nod and looked her directly in the eyes. Roni's heart was beating faster than she thought possible. Their faces where only several inches apart, when she slowly started leaning in. It seemed like an eternity to both of them until, finally, their lips touched for the first time. Roni felt like an electrical jolt passed all the way through her body, and by the way Atreyu shuddered, she could tell he felt it too. The kiss was ever so gentle and loving, both of them wanted it to last forever. But, after several moments the need for air made them break apart. Their faces were still only an inch or two apart, so they could feel each other's breathing. Somehow, the words Roni thought she'll never be able to say came out easily now. «I love you, Atreyu.» There, that was it. She said it. All of a sudden, she began to worry 'Oh, dear. Why is he silent? What if he doesn't feel the same way? What if he just accepted the kiss not to hurt my feelings? What if…' «I... I love you too, Roni.» Came his soft reply, instantly pulling her out of the spur of doubt. She looked up at him «You… love me? You really do?» «I do.» and the next thing she knew, his lips once again met hers in a revealing kiss. Yes! Finally! Hope you liked it as much as I did) Now, you already know what to do: link below, review button, your thoughts about this)[Chapter 9] Aaaand I'm back!) With a new chapter! Enjoy) Chapter 8 After what seemed like an eternity, they parted from each other. They looked around and saw that it was already dark. The couple just stood in silence for a while, justgetting used to the new stage in their relationship. Atreyu was the first one to speak. «Hey, um, I don't remember you telling me- how long do you have?» Roni smiled- «Until eleven. Considering, I'm only here for two or three hours, there's still quite some time.» He nodded, but after a moment his head jerked up a bit, as if he just had some idea. «Roni, you remember Falcor, my luck dragon?» «Of course! How could I forget?» He smiled «Good. How about a ride then?» Her eyes had grown big. Obviously, a flight on a Luck Dragon isn't something you get every day, but…didn't she tell him about how she's terribly afraid of heights? She stuttered, nervously. «A r-ride? R-really? Well, I don't know…I don't think it's a very good idea.» Atreyu looked surprised. «Why not?» She just shrugged and muttered something like \"I don't know..We really shouldn't…\" He tried to search his mind for possible reasons for that. After a moment he sighed in revelation. He remembered her telling him about how she fell of a horse several years ago. And he was suggesting flying a dragon! But surely riding even the finest horse is nothing compared to the glorious fight on Falcor through the night sky. He had to get her to feel the joy of it. «Go on, Roni. There's nothing to be afraid of! I do it all the time!» «Ah, nice comparing there! You never fell of a horse in your life. I'm scared. I'm not going.» she said and folded her arms on her chest like a stubborn child. «Oh, come on! –he looked her in the eyes- If only you knew, it makes you feel so free, so light, so… «So not gonna happen!» she cut him off. «Really, Roni. You're a brave girl, I can't believe you're scared of getting on Falcor!» «I'm not scared of getting on Falcor. I'm scared of falling off Falcor!» Atreyu chuckled and thought of the only way to convince her. He leaned in and whispered right in her ear «Please, Roni. Do it for me.» She shuddered, feeling his warm breath on her ear and neck. Did he know what he was doing to her? By the smirk on his face, she knew he did. As much as she wanted to, she found that she couldn't resist him. «Fine. Call him.» He grinned and the next thing they both knew, something that looked like a shooting star crossed the sky and with every second was getting closer and closer. Finally it landed right in front of them. Roni couldn't help but stare in awe at the magnificent creature before her. It was Falcor. Just as Bastian described him. The seven-eight meter dragon with kind ruby eyes. His scales looked like slightly-pinkish pearls which where shining beautifully in the starlight. Then it spoke in his deep voice. «Hello, Atreyu, my young master.» Atreyu smiled and went to hug his dragon. «Hello, Falcor. I'm so glad to see you! But…I haven't even called you yet! How did you know I need you» «Haven't I told you before? A Luck Dragon always appears at the perfect timing» he smiled and winked his ruby eye. «Oh, right. I know that. I would like you to meet someone.» he took Roni's hand and led her closer. «Falcor, this is Roni.» While still being in a bit of a shock, she managed a smile. «Great to finally meet you.» «As it is for me. You are Bastian's daughter, if I'm not mistaking.» She nodded «You're not. I am. How did you know?» «Oh, the whole Fantasia is talking about you. Even the trees have ears. Besides, you tell a gnome-you tell everyone.» She chuckled and Atreyu remembered the reason Falcor was here. He turned to Roni. «So, you ready for takeoff?» She giggled, nervously «Ready? Y-yeah, sure. Um, Falcor, can you try not to go too fast. I'm kinda scared of heights, so please go easy on me.» The dragon laughed. «Well, if that makes you comfortable.» Atreyu climbed on first and then helped Roni. He suggested seating her in front of him, but by the terrified look on her face, he decided to have mercy. She sat behind him clinging onto his waist. «Are you two ready?» the dragon asked. The nodded their heads and finally, took off. At the first several minutes Roni clung to him so hard, she was a bit scared of crushing his ribs. But of course, she knew that he was not even close to fragile. It seemed like even if she tried to punch him in the gut, she would probably break her fist. But once they where high above the ground, floating through the sky, Atreyu could feel her relaxing more and more and soon, she eased her grip completely and rested her chin on his shoulder, looking through the endless sky and the shining stars that where so close, it seemed like she could hold out her hand and touch one. With each passing second Roni realized how stupid she was being. Never before had she felt such lightness, such freedom of all her cares and problems. The world was left way beneath them and right now it was just the dragon, him and her. She tentively moved closer and kissed him on the corner of his mouth. «Thank you for making me get on.» He smiled and turned his head a bit, so that he could really kiss her. «I knew you'd love it» he whispered. Time passed and she could feel that Falcor was getting sleepy; by the way they would occasionally \"sink\" downwards and then float back up. Atreyu felt it too and asked « Is there a place we can land? It seems like you need a rest, Falcor.» The dragon laughed. «Why, sure. You two where so ,urghm, occupied, you didn't notice that I got you back to the starting point and for the past fifteen minutes we were just flying around it. They blushed and Atreyu said «Oh, good. Then, I guess you'll land us now?» Falcor nodded and started to slowly lower them. Once they were on the ground again they got off. Roni hugged the Luck dragon «Thank you! It was amazing!» She drew back and asked something that caught her mind some time before. «Um, Falcor, remember you said something about the whole of Fantasia talking about me? But why? » «You see, the first reason is that you are the daughter of the savior. The second one is, that since your father had grown up, he hasn't been thinking about us as much as he used to. So, without his dreams and wishes our land slowly began to fade. The smallest, hardly noticeable bit, but nevertheless. But then, you found The Neverending Story and began coming here. With a new Earthling to dream about our land and come here, Fantasia is once again restoring and growing more beautiful each day.» Roni looked astonished. She turned to Atreyu and gave him a \"Did you know?\" look. He got it and nodded his head. «It's all true, Roni.» «Oh. Okay. Thanks for the explaining.» Falcor gave a final nod and flew away into the sky. The two sat down side by side. Roni said, still recovering from the information. «I can't believe it.» Atreyu put one arm around her «Yeah, hard to believe you're the savior now.» They sat in silence for some time. Suddenly, the AURIN around Roni's neck began to glow brighter than ever before and she could swear she heard a voice coming from there. At first it was hardly audible, but gradually became louder and louder until… «Atreyu, Roni!» came right out of the amulet. They both jumped and couldn't believe their ears. That was a voice they knew too well. Moonchild. The Childlike Impress. Roni lifted the AURIN up by the chain and decided to try and speak back. «Your Highness?» «My friends, I apologize that I cannot meet you privately and am only able to pass a message through the AURIN. I'm afraid I once again need your help. It seems that something has locked me in the Ivory Tower. Whenever I try to get out, something just wouldn't let me. It's like there is an invisible wall around it. It must be some kind of spell. My sources tell me that the Nothing has somehow restored, but not in the same way as before. They also tell me that it has already started consuming our land, though right now it's just the tiny bits, but the Nothing is growing stronger and eventually it will become as deadly as last time. You have to find it. Find it and stop it. Please, for the sake of Fantasia.» As the last words were said, the light began to go down and in a moment it was out at all. Atreyu and Roni looked at each other, wide-eyed and completely taken aback. After minutes of silence, Atreyu spoke. «Restored…not in the same way…if only I knew what that means.» Roni looked up at him «Well, I guess it is now our responsibility to find out.» «No, Roni. You know what I had to go through last time. No. It's far too dangerous.» Roni stood up and began getting angry «I don't care! When I read about last time it almost ripped my heart to pieces, knowing what you had to face all by yourself. And now, when I have the chance to help you, there is no way I'm letting you go alone! Besides, if The Impress wanted just you to do it, she would have called only you, but she said it has to be both of us. You need me, Atreyu. You will not succeed without me. Not this time.» Atreyu shook his head. He knew she was right. The Impress DID call them both. But he had already been through this. He knew the dangers waiting for them. «I promised I wouldn't let anything happen to you.» She knelt down and took his face in her hands. «And you will keep your promise. And I'll make it as easy for you as possible. I will listen to you, I will be careful about all my actions, just, please.» He couldn't stand her pleading voice, or her eyes that looked close to tears. «Okay, Roni. But you have to promise to listen to me!» She nodded her head quickly «I promise!» Atreyu took her in his arms and held her close to him. Roni smiled into his shoulder and said «Looks like we're up for a big adventure…together.» Wow, an actual plot? Like, seriously? Gee, I surprise myself sometimes. You know, I actually planned this story to be about 5-6 chapters. Well, turns out a lot more) Hope you liked it and, as always- REVIEW![Chapter 10] Sorry for the delay! But here I am-with a new chapter.) Enjoy! Chapter 9. After a several minutes of just holding each other, they released the hug, though Atreyu's arms were still around her waist and hers where around his neck. Roni looked up. \"So, how do you think we should tell Bastian? I mean, I can't just disappear! He won't let me come here ever again if I do!\" \"I know, and I would never make Bastian so worried! But we'll have to tell him together. Otherwise, I don't think he will let you go, not even with me.\" She looked confused \"Together? But how?\" \"Simple. You just have to hold on to me when you wish yourself home next time.\" Her eyes brightened up. \" It works that way?\" \"Of course. If you wish it to.\" He smiled warmly. She nodded and grabbed the AURIN. \"Then we have to do it now! We can't lose time.\" He couldn't agree more and closed his eyes. For a moment he felt a breeze on his face and when he opened his eyes he found himself in Roni's room. She opened her eyes too and smiled. \"Welcome to my humble home.\" He looked around. \"So, this is your room?\" \"Yep. You can look around.\" \"I'd love to, but here's no time, Roni. Where is Bastian?\" \"He's downstairs. Let's go!\" she motioned towards the door and they headed down. \"Dad? Dad, I'm home!\" she shouted as they ran down the stairs and to the living room. \"Home? Whoa, you're early, darling.-came the approaching voice from the kitchen.- You still have two hours and…Atreyu?\" Bastian came out of the doorway and froze. \"Hello, Bastian.\" Atreyu smiled and went to greet his old friend. Bastian, being still in shock managed a nod and extended his hand for a shake. But a moment later returned to his senses and smiled widely. \"Atreyu! I can't believe it! It's been a while!\" \"It has indeed. Bastian, we would love to just sit and talk, but we have to tell you something. It is important. It concerns Fantasia.\" Bastian looked at Roni and she nodded her head in agreement. His expression stiffened. \"Is something wrong?\" \"I think we best sit down.\" Atreyu said and so they did. He and Roni told Bastian about the new threat to Fantasia and how the Impress needed Roni to join Atreyu in the quest. All the while Bastian sat there, taking in every word. When it came to the end Atreyu said \"I know this isn't easy. I would never put Roni in such a danger if I had a choice. But since I don't, you will have to trust me. I promise I will not let anything happen to her.\" Bastian sighed deeply. \"Atreyu, you know I care about Fantasia as much as you do. I would trust you my life, but my daughter's…\" \"Bastian.- he cut him off- I'd die for her.\" Hearing him say that, Roni instinctly grasped his hand and looked at him with eyes full of emotion and admiration. By the look in his eyes she knew he meant it. Bastian was a bit surprised by both-his statement and her gesture, which he had noticed. He thought about it- he knew that if there was a person he could trust and rely on-it will be Atreyu. As difficult as it was, he knew he had to let them go. He sighed. \"Very well. If Fantasia needs her like she once needed me, I have no right to get in the way. But, Atreyu, I'm trusting you my daughter. I know you will keep her safe. Please do.\" \"I will. I promise.\" He said seriously. Roni smiled and went to hug her father. \"Thank you so much! I love you.\" He hugged her back. \"I love you too. Listen to him at all times and…-he sounded louder so that Atreyu would hear him too.- and no funny business, eh?\" \"Dad!\" she slapped his arm while Atreyu blushed redder than red, considering it was his childhood friend talking to him. \"Just saying! Well, you must be short of time. Off you go. Good luck.\" \"Thank you\" the both said and went back to her room. The door shut behind them and Roni without a word grabbed his hand, sighed and transported them back to Fantasia. They opened her eyes and they were in the same place they left several minutes ago, the fire didn't go down yet and they sat down side by side. They sat in silence for a moment, until Roni spoke up \"So, do you have any idea where should we start looking for IT?\" He slowly shook his head and looked at her. \"Like last time-I have no idea. The AURIN will guide us.\" She nodded, remembering how it guided him and her Bastian after that. \"Since it's gonna be quite a journey, maybe we should travel on Falcor instead of Artax.\" \"Of course. He would be glad to accompany us -he loves adventures. And he's a Luck dragon.\" \"Yeah, we're gonna need all the luck we can get.\" she said. They both smiled and he took her hand in his \"Don't worry. We can do this.\" She chuckled \"You know, ever since I read about your quest I wanted to get involved. I wanted to join you and help you and go through all the adventures you went through.\" He smiled. \"See, dreams do come true.\" He said and moved closer to her, securely outing one arm around her.\" \"Tell me about it\" she thought dreamily as she leaned her head against his shoulder. \"We need to go to sleep. Tomorrow's a long day.\" He said and lay down. She nodded her head and lay next to him, but not touching him. They stayed for minutes like that but then laying so close, and not being able to hold each other became an excruciating torture for both. Atreyu was the first one to end it. \"You could…come closer if you want.\" She looked at him and smiled. She only kept a distance because she didn't want to make him uncomfortable. But since he wasn't, she happily agreed. \"Come here.\" She heard him say and she felt hivers run down her spine at his words. She moved as close to him as possible, laying her head on his chest. They sighed contently as he wrapped his arms around her. \"Goodnight, Roni.\" \"Goodnight, Atreyu.\" And soon, they fell asleep like that, for the first time in each other's arms. So, how did you like it? Once again-review please) Thank you![Chapter 11] Chapter 10 The next morning Roni awoke when the sun has long risen. That was the best sleep she had in years! She opened her eyes and shifted a bit. Her eyes had grown big once she realized that something was lying next to her, but then she remembered the last minutes of the previous night and smiled brightly and lovingly. Atreyu. «Oh, dreams do come true, indeed. » she thought. She felt his grip tighten around her waist, as if he could feel what she was thinking. By the way he was breathing she could tell he was still asleep. She lifted her head and gazed at him for minutes -he was just so unbearably handsome. She beheld the tanned smoothness of his skin, the perfect contour of his lips; she reached with her fingers and brushed a strand of his silky dark brown hair out of his face and let her hand rest on the side of his neck. She couldn't help it anymore; she leaned down to kiss him, even though it might wake him. Several days ago, she couldn't even think of doing that, but now, since he was her…boyfriend? No, she didn't like that word. It was too sloppy and it just didn't suit him at all! It suited perfectly the boys at her school-plain, irresponsible, reckless, with no intentions or plans. Not Atreyu. But words like «Destiny» or «Love of the life» would sound a little awkward in an informal conversation. But it didn't matter. Why do they even need a label? With that thought, she let her lips brush his. She sighed happily and pressed down a bit. After a second or two she felt his lips moving with hers, returning the kiss. She parted from him and looked into his enchanting chocolate-brown eyes. He smiled lovingly. \"What a wonderful way to wake me up\" his velvet voice was like music to her ears. She smiled back \"It's gonna be a long day, I wanted to start it at a pleasant note.\" \"You couldn't have started it better.\" He leaned up and kissed her gently. Roni sighed, slipping from his grasp and got up. She looked around and placed her hands on her sides. \"Looks like a fine day to me.\" It sure was. The sun was shining brightly, with only several clouds and a light, warm wind. She heard him getting up too. \"We better get going soon. We don't have much time to spare.\" \"Yeah. When will you call Falcor?\" \"I don't need to, remember? He knows when we need him, so I think he'll be here any minute.\" He was right. As soon as the words came out the familiar light appeared in the sky. It became closer and soon Falcor's shape was clearly seen, approaching them. He landed in front of them. \"Good morning Atreyu, Roni.\" He said with a deep voice and winked playfully with his ruby eye. \"Good morning, Falcor.\" They said in unison. Atreyu chuckled and spoke \"Falcor, I was thinking, you're always up in the sky. You can see more of Fantasia than anyone could. Perhaps, you have seen anything suspicious or odd? Do you have any idea of what could be our enemy?\" The dragon sighed. \"I'm afraid not, my young master. But I could take you and Roni to seek council from the Southern Oracle. It helped you a great deal last time.\" \"The Southern Oracle!\" Atreyu exclaimed. \"How could I forget?\" Roni also looked relieved. Why didn't she think of that? Las time, it was the Southern Oracle that told Atreyu what was the cure for the Impress-they must know what's happening now. Atreyu got on Falcor and helped Roni to sit behind him, like the day before. Falcor took off and she wrapped her arms around Atreyu's waist. The Southern Oracle was quite a long way from there- 1450 miles. \"Faster Falcor! Faster!\" Atreyu shouted and the dragon laughed. \"All right! Hold on tight!\" And with that he started speeding up and soon they were going at an unimaginable speed. Roni had never felt so free, so full of energy and adventure! The ride on the night before was absolutely wonderful, but it was a slow and steady romantic flight through the night sky. But this, this magnificent race, this rush like the wind through the clouds gave such an amazing feeling; it couldn't even be put into words. She was fully convinced-even the finest horse, or the fastest car could not even compare to the Luck Dragon. Soon Falcor announced that they where only ten or fifteen kilometers away from the first of the three gates to the Southern Oracle and reduced the speed. Atreyu remembered the first gate. It was right around the corner from Engywook and Urgl's house. He told Roni to prepare for the meeting with friends and she took it with joy, as they liked the old couple very much. Falcor landed just outside the cave. Atreyu got off and offered his hand to help Roni. Together they approached the small entrance and heard the usual mumbling coming from the inside. Ina moment Urgl came out with laundry in her hands. \"Ah, you're here!\" she smiled widely and shouted to Engywook, who was, as usually, sitting behind his desk and working. \"They're here!\" She turned back to them. \"Falcor told us that he would bring you soon. So, you're on a quest again?\" Atreyu smiled. \"Yes. Though it's a bit more pleasant this time.\" He looked at Roni, meaningfully, and she blushed a bit. Urgl laughed. \"I'm sure it is. I can tell. You need to see the Sothern Oracle, right?\" \"Yes. We need to ask what could the new Nothing be.\" His expression stiffened as he remembered the first of the two gates he had to go through last time. He remembered the two enormous golden sphinxes standing in front of each other, creating a passage. It seemed as if you could just walk through-since nothing was in the way. If only it was that easy. The sphinxes eyes remained closed at all times, but they only seemed closed. Once someone intended to walk through, the eyes, even though remaining closed, would look into your heart and if the find that it is not pure as water, the eyes would open and shoot a jolt of laser lightening right through you and burn you to death. Atreyu passed the gate. But not because of a crystal clear heart. The AURIN around his neck made the sphinxes' eyes open very slowly and when the where almost open, Atreyu ran his fastest through the gate. In less than a second he heard a clash of fire behind him. He defied death by a second. Urgl saw his worried expression and spoke up. \"Oh, don't you worry. You can relax this time. The sphinxes never look inside one heart twice. They will let you through, that's for sure.\" Atreyu looked up. \"That may be, but what about her.\" He motioned to Roni. \"Yeah, what about me?\" Mwa-ha-ha! I'm so evil to end it here) Oh well, at least you didn't have to wait for as long as last time) As always- REVIEW! Thank you.[Chapter 12] A/N. First of all…I can never apologize enough for the delay. This is by far the most huge wait I made you go through, but I'm currently working on my other story which is very popular , so 10000000 times sorry and on with the next chapter. Enjoy! Chapter 11. They all looked at each other, alarmed, and Urgl tried to calm down. \"Well, she does have the AURIN, like you last time, so I don't think it'd be a problem…\" \"Well let's hope not.\" Atreyu sighed and Roni raised her eyebrows \"Let's most certainly hope not! Being burned to ashes doesn't exactly fit my schedule!\" Atreyu looked at her, calmingly \"You will not be burned. Urgl's right- you have the AURIN, it must protect you.\" She sighed and nodded her head. \"Falcor will come to you once you're done speaking with the Southern Oracle. Good luck!\" \"Thank you, Urgl\" \"Thanks...\" they muttered and started heading the First gate. As they walked Roni felt her heartbeat speed up, not in a good way. With each step they took, the sphinxes were getting closer and closer. They were already several feet away! She kept a straight face, but somehow Atreyu could sense her anxiety as he took her hand and looked her in the eyes. \"It's gonna be fine, Roni. You can't doubt yourself when you go through the gate. You're gonna be fine!\" She half-smiled \"Okay, okay, I get it-confidence, that's all it takes. Plus the AURIN. –she took a deep breath- I can do this.\" Finally, they were standing before the two golden sphinxes. At the sight of them Roni gulped silently. They were so huge! They were towering over them with such pride and Roni suddenly felt so tiny. She looked at Atreyu, who checked the sphinxes' eyes, just in case, and then stood forward and headed through. Without even noticing, Roni held her breath as she watched Atreyu walk through, she was really worried that something's gonna happen. That the eyes will snap open any second and…no, she couldn't even think of it! She breathed out, relieved, as he successfully walked all the way through it and turned around to face her, waiting. She could see he was nervous for her too, but they both knew she couldn't back out. Roni looked up at the sphinxes' eyes. Closed. Good. She gathered up all the strength she had and took her first step forward. Nothing. Then the second, she looked up again. Nothing, the eyes-still closed. She began to think that she shouldn't have been scared at all and started walking a bit faster. She was halfway there when she suddenly heard Atreyu's voice \"Oh, no…Roni, run now!\" She shot her head up and…No! The eyes were slowly opening, and she was only halfway there! \"Don't stand there, run, fast!\" She heard Atreyu shout and rushed from her place as fast as her legs wood carry her. She never thought she could run this fast. And then…CLASH! She heard the lightning shoot right behind her back and jumped forward and Atreyu caught her right in his arms. She slowly turned her head back... \"Oh my god…I did it…\" she thought as she breathed out heavily and dropped her head on Atreyu's shoulder, hugging him tightly. He pressed her to him and kissed her hair. After they calmed down and their breathing returned to normal, they released the embrace. \"One down, one more to go.-Atreyu said- but don't worry about the next one, the Magic mirror is harmless.\" She nodded. \"Yeah, it just shows you your true self, nothing lethal, right?\" \"Right. Come on.\" He led her away and after several minutes of walking, it suddenly stated to snow. Heavily. But much to Roni's surprise, it wasn't cold, like it should have been. The snowflakes that landed on her were cold, but the air was warm. \"That's weird.\" She thought and continued walking. Soon, everything around them was covered in snow and the wind was blowing really hard. Now it was getting cold. Roni shivered a bit, but Atreyu notices even that smallest wince. \"We're almost there; it will be warm again after we pass the gate.\" She managed a shaky nod. Snow was making it even harder to walk, and by now it was freezing cold. Roni felt like it's never gonna end and she was amazed at how Atreyu didn't seem cold at all. She touched his hand…warm. Very warm…but…how? Why? It's impossible! Her fingertips felt like they're about to freeze and fall off! He looked at her and at her most confused expression and took her hand. \"Wow, you should have told me you're freezing…\" \"Yeah but…-her puzzled eyes quickly drifted from his face, to his hands, then back to his eyes again- you… your hand… it's warm… how? Why?...\" He half-smiled. \"I'll explain later, we're here.\" Not without some effort she turned her head from him and there it was. The Magic Mirror gate. It didn't look as terrifying as the sphinxes so she relaxed. It was rather big though. They walked closer and looked in the mirror, waiting for whatever it had to show. They stood there for quite a long time, but nothing. Nothing, but their reflections. \"Odd. – Atreyu said.- Why won't it show anything?\" Roni was just as confused \"Well, maybe it's because it already knows you, like the sphinxes.\" \"Could be…but then what about you?\" She thought about it for a moment and then her eyes widened at the realization \"Because I'm an Earthling! That's it!\" He looked at her, questioningly. \"You are fantasian, and when you looked in the mirror-it showed you an Earthling. But I am an earthling already! There's nothing to show. Or maybe it doesn't work at all, with us.\" She concluded. Atreyu thought about it too \"Odd, very odd, but I don't see a better reason either. –he shrugged his shoulders- Okay, let's try going through.\" She extended her hand first and tried pushing it through. It did and she jerked it away. They took the first step together and slowly went into the mirror, which genuinely welcomed them through. There we go. Hope you liked it and review! Thank you.)[Chapter 13] A/N. Again, sorry for ignoring this for a while, life got in the way and, yeah…But here I am with a little treat) Enjoy the next chapter! Chapter 12. Roni felt a slight breeze on her face as they passed the magic mirror, and when she opened her eyes she gaped. Not more than ten feet away were proudly towering a pair of sphinxes just like the ones before, except these where blue and they were glowing. She leaned a bit to Atreyu and whispered \"Is this the Southern Oracle?\" He nodded \"Yes, we're here.\" They looked up at the sphinxes and walked closer until they were standing right at their feet. It was very quiet all around, then suddenly they spoke in unison and perfect harmony. \"Do not fret, we will not harm you. We have been expecting you.\" The voice was female and sounded so powerful, yet so gentle. It reminded Roni the sound of a large bronze bell. She didn't know how to speak to them, so she glanced at Atreyu for help. Her eyes had grown wide as he looked at her and nodded his head towards the Oracle, silently encouraging her to speak up. She didn't know what to say or how to speak to the wise and all-knowing Oracle, she kind of expected him to do the talking. Oh well…she gathered up her courage, took a breath and started \"Uh…well…my name is Roni, Veronica Bux. And you already know Atreyu, the warrior from the Great Plains…\" she looked at him for a moment and he gave her a slight encouraging nod, as if saying \"keep going\". She sighed and continued \"The Childlike Impress, she told us there was a new threat to Fantasia, something that had locked her up in her tower and is little by little...sort of eating our land. Last time you told Atreyu what to do to stop the Nothing. So here we are, we hoped you would help us again. We only have two main questions: What is this new Nothing, and how do we stop it this time.\" She stopped talking and waited for an answer. After a pause the sphinxes voice shuddered the air \"You have come to the right place. Everything you told us, we already know. And, yes, we can help you. We assume you haven't forgotten Xaide- the evil magician. She confused our latest Savior boy and talked him into doing as she told, convincing him it was the right thing.\" They nodded. Who could forget the witch? No one, especially not Atreyu, who was very familiar with her persuading talent. The way she played Bastian was flawless. The Oracle continued \"You might be surprised, but the new Nothing is none other, than Xaide's son- Xander.\" Roni's eyes grew big and she tilted her head to Atreyu, but his expression was unreadable, like most of the time when they were not alone. \"He is a powerful magician, like his mother, and twice as evil. His heart in darker than coal and colder than ice. He will stop at nothing to get what he wishes. You will need great courage.\" The sphinxes spoke the last words a bit slower and quieter. Roni was trying to take it all in. Xaide had a son? Wow, she did not see that coming…powerful magician…twice as evil…darker than coal... \"Well, aren't you just delighted, Nancy Drew?\" she mentally scolded herself. \"You wanted an adventure and-voila, here you go, a villain, destroying Fantasia!\" Atreyu stepped forward \"What are we to do about him?\" \"The answer is simple, yet easier said than done. We regret having to tell you this, but you would have to slay him.\" Roni shot a worried look at Atreyu and instantly felt sorry for him. He was a great warrior, but he was not a murderer! Yes, he killed Gmork, but that was only because the giant wolf attacked him, and his life depended on it. Atreyu lowered his eyes for a moment; he obviously wasn't thrilled about the news either. He looked back up \"Where shall we find him?\" \"You will fly to Xaide's old castle, Horock. It is now taken over by him. Good luck, chosen ones, and don't lose too much time. Remember, he is growing stronger with each passing hour.\" The Southern Oracle finished his speech. Atreyu and Roni eyed each other and Atreyu turned around \"Falcor!\" he yelled and in a minute the all-too familiar pearly comet pierced the sky, getting closer and closer to them and finally landed at their feet. \"My young Master, Roni…\" he bowed his large furry head. \"I can see the Southern Oracle once again proved itself useful.\" \"You bet.\" Roni huffed. The Luck Dragon laughed and asked \"So, where to?\" Atreyu swiftly got on Falcor's back and reached out to help Roni sit behind him. \"To the Horock castle, Xaide's old residence.\" Falcor's ruby eyes widened \"For what ever reason, Atreyu?\" \"I'll tell you everything while we fly.\" \"Yes, but it is quite far away from here, I must tell you. As far as I remember, Horock is twelve thousand mile away. I am strong, but even I cannot cover such distance within one day.\" \"Then we will land somewhere and stay the night, so you could get some rest, and then carry on. What do you think, Falcor, can you get us there in two days?\" Atreyu asked, scratching the back of dragon's ear. \"Why sure, two days will do, but only if we stop just once for the night.\" \"Oh, good! We should take off right away!\" Roni exclaimed and Falcor smiled \"All right, hold on tight!\" and in a flash they were up in the air, rushing through the sky like the wind. During the flight Atreyu, as promised, told Falcor everything he and Roni knew about the new Nothing. The Luck Dragon was as surprised as they were, when they told him Xaide had a son. He was also a bit saddened by the fact that they will have to kill; someone. \"I know he is a villain, but murder is still a great sin, my friends.\" They lowered their eyes and then Roni noticed something that bothered her :The Oracle said, that one of them will have to kill Xander, it never said who exactly will have to do that. But Atreyu didn't seem to even think about it, it was as if he had already decided that it's gonna be him. \"Atreyu, you know you don't' have to be the one to…you know…the sphinxes said we have to do it, so it doesn't have to be you. Maybe I…\" \"No.\" he cut her off, momentarily knowing what she was going to suggest. She raised her eyebrows \"But why? Why does it always have to be you to do the dirty job?\" \"We're not discussing this, Roni. You will be helping me, but when the time comes, you will stay out.\" He said firmly, showing her that this was out of question. At first she wanted to be mad at him. She wanted to be angry at him for treating her like a helpless child, but on the inside she knew he was only thinking of her. He wanted to spare her the mental burden of taking someone's life, even if it meant taking it himself. Roni couldn't help but think what had she ever done to deserve him. Alriiight…that's it for now. As always, review and tell me whatcha think. Thank you)[Chapter 14] A/N. Hi everyone, I know I'm taking pretty long to update with this, but please don't hate me. I'm trying my best and I hope that's not too much of a problem for you. Anyways, here's the next chapter. On we go) Chapter 13. They've been flying for two days now, and Roni couldn't help but feel like a five-year old sitting in the back of her parent's car, asking \"are we there yet?\" every ten seconds. Of course, she didn't do that, but she felt like it. Their journey was quite pleasant, even though it got chilly whenever Falcor went up higher in the sky or sped up even farther. There was still enough provisions for another day or two –Urgl sure did her best to take care of them. But even if there weren't, Atreyu was an amazing hunter so as long as she's with him, they won't ever starve. She once saw him catch a fish from the river with his bare hands! To say she was a shocked is a horrible understatement. Right now it was around four o'clock in the evening of the second day and Roni couldn't hold herself \"Falcor, how much longer do you suppose we'll be flying? I mean, it's been long time since we left the Southern Oracle…\" Falcor chuckled \"I warned you, princess. But don't worry, we're almost there.\" Atreyu tilted his head to her \"You're bored?\" She shook her head \"No, it's just that we've had no movement at all since early morning and right now I feel like my butt is made of stone.\" He laughed \"You brittle little human.\" and earned a pinch from Roni. \"Distract yourself. Horock is a large castle shaped like a hand. Try looking for it like I do.\" She sighed and stared downwards at the territory beneath them. She eyed every meter of land they were passing, but could spot nothing that even reminded of a hand. Plus the trees were making it difficult to see much. And then, after ten or fifteen minutes some unclear sculpture started to appear in the horizon. Roni's eyes grew wide \"Atreyu, do you see that?\" \"Yeah, I do…\" They came closer and closer to the figure and after another minute or two they could clearly make out the shape- a hand sticking out of the ground, pretty revolting sight. \"We're here.\" Atreyu said \"Falcor, get just a little closer and then land.\" The Luck Dragon complied and soon they landed in a small forest field about twenty meters from the castle. They got off and looked up at it. Roni glanced at Atreyu and saw his unreadable expression \"What's wrong?\" she asked He slowly shook his head \"Nothing, just the bad memories…\" She sighed, sympathetically and changed the subject, distracting him from the unpleasant thoughts \"You've been in there right?\" He nodded \"When I came here with Bastian I had to climb all over the castle to find an unguarded entry.\" She breathed out, relieved \"Oh, so it should be easier this time, since you know it so well.\" \"Yeah, easier to move around, but we don't know what the new host has in there.\" Roni nodded \"Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go inside.\" Atreyu looked at her like she was stupid \"Yeah, let's march right through the main gate.\" Roni gaped and then felt like slapping herself. She gave him an «oops» look \"Sorry, blonde moment.\" He smiled \"Never mind, come on, they're not expecting visitors, so there must be a guard-free door somewhere.\" She nodded and walked away after him. They scowed the castle from all sides and at last, they found a small door that didn't seem to have anyone guarding it. They looked at each other and decided to take their chances and try getting in. They didn't have much to choose from anyway. The door was so small, they had to bend in half to get in. Atreyu went first and Roni followed. They looked around and saw that they were in a long dark corridor. The walls and the floor were made of stone and there was spider web on every corner, the only dim light was coming from the two torches attached to either wall. Roni eyed their surroundings \"Wow, looks like no one's been down here for a while.\" \"It's the corridor to the dungeon.\" Atreyu said. \"If we go straight, there will be a staircase in the end, it leads to the dungeon.\" \"That's nice, but right now I think we better focus on getting upstairs.\" Atreyu looked at her \"I know. But I've never been in this part of the castle, I don't know how to get up from here.\" Roni shrugged \"Well, I guess if we just keep walking, maybe we'll find something…And it's not like we've got any options anyway.\" Atreyu nodded and they started walking through the corridor. They walked fast and looked around, trying to spot anything at all that could lead them out, but it was sure a long passage. Roni was turning her head rapidly but could only see the cold stone walls …or not just them? \"Atreyu, wait!\" she said and he stopped and looked at her quizzically \"What?\" \"Look at this…\" she stepped closer to a wall and examined it. That's odd… The wall was made of huge square stones and between four of them she could see visible gaps. It was like very deep scratches, but it seemed that all the other stones were fine, it was only these. Atreyu looked at it too and she could almost hear the wheels turning in his head. Roni raised her hand and experimentally pushed it against one of the stones and suddenly…the stone pushed back with her hand! She quickly jerked away and they watched in dumbfound as the four large stones moved back into the wall one by one and then moved away, revealing a hole in the wall, light coming from outside it. They bent slightly and looked inside. What they saw was another corridor, except this one had a lot of light, numerous candle chandeliers were hung all over the ceiling, the walls had paintings on them, there were small decorated trunks every twenty meters, the floor was covered with printed carpet- the whole scenery showed that there was actually life in there. Roni looked at Atreyu, not without some pride, and he smiled \"Nice work.\" She looked up at the ceiling dramatically \"Yeah, I have my moments…\" He chuckled and they swiftly got through the passage and were on the other side in less than a moment, and at that moment the stones shut tightly behind their backs as if they had never opened. As always, link below-click-state your opinion, thank you)[Chapter 15] A/N. I was half-asleep when I wrote this, but my conscience has been eating me alive-I couldn't keep you waiting any longer) Enjoy! Chapter 14. They walked through the new corridor, looking around in the progress. It was very well decorated: numerous sculptures, vases, paintings, carpets…The place had it all. It could easily be described as some kind of royal hall, if it weren't for one thing- the only colors that occurred around them where dark purple, black and that sickly green (the one that reminded Roni of some kind of poison she saw in a cartoon.) But there was one thing that caught Roni's attention more than anything else- various statues which were placed to the walls of the hall every 20 meters they were passing. They were all so different from each-other: there were centaurs, small dragons, dwarfs, trolls and many other odd creatures that Roni couldn't even name. But the most outnumbering of all were the knights. There were a lot of different knight figures, and they all seemed so real! All the features were so clearly and perfectly detailed, it appeared like if they weren't made of stone, you could actually start talking to them, thinking they were alive. Atreyu was walking so fast, it seemed like he wasn't aware of anything around him! He was rushing through the hall, as if he knew exactly where he was heading. «Maybe he does know.» Roni thought and said nothing and continued keeping up with him. They were practically running, but she still managed to turn her head pretty fast and then suddenly, she saw something really weird. «What the hell?...» she thought «I could swear that knight just…» That was new. She could swear the head of a certain knight was facing the opposite wall when they passed it, but know…the head was turned in their direction, like it was mentally following them. «Mentally? That's ridiculous!» she thought «These are just statues-they have no mind!» Or did they? \"Trespassers!\" suddenly came from nowhere and both Atreyu and Roni stopped on their tracks. They hastily looked around, trying to figure out the source of the voice. And then their eyes had grown big: the two knights that were standing on the either wall of the passage, facing each other, stepped forward and turned to the imposters. They took out their swords and spoke one after another \"Who are you?\" \"What are you doing here?\" They kept silent for a moment, taken aback by the turn of events and the Roni thought of something. These two look strong all right…but were they even a little bit smart? If they're not, maybe they wouldn't even have to try fighting them. Roni defensively crossed her arms on her chest and daringly looked up at them \"And what are you doing here?\" Atreyu looked t her, confused by her actions and the two knights where obviously taken aback too. They looked at each other before one of them spoke up \"We are the guards of the castle.\" \"We serve Xander, the sorcerer, and protect the castle.\" \"How do I know that?\" Roni replied in the same daring tone The guards exchanged another confused glance \"We have swords…\" one of them said, hesitantly. Roni's thoughts confirmed. If they even responded to such a conversation with her and were falling for it-they weren't smart at all. Good. \"So? And I have a pocket knife.\" She reached in her pocket and pulled the three-inch knife she always carried with her and opened it, showing it to the guards. They simultaneously cocked their metal heads, studying it \"It is a weapon…\" one of the said \"Yeah…\" the other spoke up. \"So we're even.\" Roni concluded. \"Yeah…\" \"I guess…\" \"So you'll let us through and stop wasting our time. We have a very important appointment with the master of the castle and we're already running late because of you!\" Roni said boldly and even Atreyu looked surprised that she could be like that with two-meter tall, armed metal knights. \"And when he asks us «What took you so long?» I'm not gonna remain silent…\" she finished in a calm tone, which made it sound even more threatening. The guards began shaking their heads rapidly \"No, no, no! Please, excuse our rudeness.\" \"We beg you, please don't mention this to the master, he is so easily infuriated!\" \"He'll destroy us!\" \"Yeah…\" Roni replaced her knife back in her pocket \"Well…all right. I'll see what I can do for you.\" She said carelessly \"But only if you escort us to Xander's hall.\" \"Certainly!\" \"Why, yes, of course!\" the guards stuttered nervously. Roni smiled, pleased with her work and allowed the knights to lead them further. As they were following, Atreyu leaned to Roni and whispered \"You're amazing, you know that?\" She smiled smugly \"I am aware.\" Sorry it's a bit shorter than usual, but I'm fairly pleased with this chapter and hope you are too! Please don't forget to review.[Chapter 16] A/N. I know, I know…it's been a while, so without further ado- here's the new chapter! Chapter 15 After about ten minutes, Roni, Atreyu and the guards had finally reached the end of the hallway- a huge arch-like door with stone snake gravings all over it. Atreyu remembered the snakes, it's what Xaide's smoking thing looked like. Roni eyed the door up and down and turned to the two knights \"Your assistance is no longer required.\" She said with the same commandive, arrogant tone she mustered just now. Atreyu couldn't help but smirk-his girlfriend was one heck of an actress! The knights exchanged glances \"But wouldn't you want us to open the gate for you?\" one of them asked Roni considered it for a moment, but then thought that if they open it for them, they'll be still there when Xander sees the guests. One word from him and they'll know the girl's tricked them, and then bye-bye freedom- hello dungeons. Of course, Atreyu was strong, but he couldn't, in any way, fight off two huge stone knights with his bare hands. \"No, thank you. We can manage that.\" She concluded \"But we should announce you to the master.\" The other one said. \"We're good.\" She said sternly. \"But…\" \"You are not needed here!\" she snapped at the two, for a moment letting out her tucked-away bitchy side that she's only ever unleashed on the finest occasions, such as that one. The guards once again exchanged glances and decided to just leave already, not wanting to spend another minute in that girl's company. \"Suit yourselves.\" They muttered, turned around and started marching back to where they came from. Once they were out of sight, Atreyu turned to Roni, an uncharacteristically smug look on his face. She smiled \"What? I can be a brat if I want to.\" He grinned and then suddenly stepped forward and planted a kiss on her lips, but pulled back quicker than she could respond. She mischievously cocked an eyebrow \"Couldn't help yourself?\" \"No,\" he chuckled \"You were too adorable playing mean.\" She grinned and leaned closer to him \"I could do it more often, if that's what you're secretly into..\" she whispered right in his ear, sounding almost seductive. When she pulled away and looked at him, she couldn't help but laugh at the slightly red tinge that appeared on his face. \"What's so funny?\" he asked timidly. \"You're so cute when you're blushing\" she said, smiling. He smiled back for a moment and then the both of them switched their attentions to the main reason they were here. They eyed the huge gate and Roni touched the AURIN. \"You ready?\" she asked Atreyu. He nodded with a firm look. She sighed and said \"I wish for the gate to open.\" The AURIN immediately began to glow around her neck and the next minute the gate was slowly opening to reveal a large hall. The color pattern of the area was pretty much the same as everything else in the castle- black, dark green and dark purple. Atreyu and Roni waited for the doors to open completely and walked in. In the middle of the hall was a big dark green throne with four steps at the feet. They were facing the back of it, until it started turning. When it, at last, turned around they saw what, or who they came here for. It was a tall young man of about eighteen or nineteen with short black hair and very dark eyes. His outfit was kinda like Atreyu's-the leather pants and the half-open shirt, except it was all black. (A/N Think Peter from the new Red Riding Hood with Amanda Seyfried) He looked at them, his expression cold, but not at all surprised. As if two strangers walking into his hall was an ordinary thing for him. He stood up. \"Welcome to Horock.\" He gestured to the space around him. Roni was a bit taken aback by this. She'd expected a «What do you want?» or «Who are you?» or «What are you doing here?» -that sort of thing, but certainly not \"Welcome!\" She glanced at Atreyu, but his expression was once again completely illegible. \"Are you Xander?\" Roni asked in a firm voice. The man smirked \"Why, yes, I am\" he stepped down from his throne and began walking towards her, smirking all the way. Atreyu automatically reached for his dagger, but Roni held his hand in place. Xander made his way to them and stood in front of her. \"And what do you call yourself?\" \"Roni, Veronica Bux. And he is Atreyu, the warrior from the Great plains.\" She answered. \"Pleasure to meet you.\" He said in a low voice, addressing her alone, not regarding Atreyu with so much as a glance, and then carefully took her hand and kissed it in the ultimately gallant manner. Roni's jaw almost hit the floor at that, but she pulled herself together in time. She looked him in the eyes, as if trying to figure out the reason for his strange behavior. Atreyu was also taken by surprise at the actions. He looked suspiciously at Xander and at the way he was eyeing Roni. It almost seemed like he was trying to impress her. But why?... And then he caught up with what the man must have been thinking, his expression stiffening even more. «Not on my watch...» he thought. There was absolutely no way Xaide's son would be touching her, not while he's alive. Roni quickly regained her composure and snatched her hand away. \"You don't look very surprised to see us. Why? And aren't you gonna ask how we got past your guards?\" Xander laughed \"My guards are stone- strong as one and intelligent as one. Going past them is not really something to pride oneself on.\" Roni gritted her teeth as he continued \"As for the other thing, I knew you would come soon. It was foreseen.\" He said calmly, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. \"Foreseen by what?\" Atreyu asked sternly, finally interfering. Xander unwillingly tilted his head to him, giving him the most indifferent look \"By something of my own creation. Xaide may have been powerful, but not quite enough to make her own oracle, has she? Well, since she passed her powers to me when she died, I just…spent some more time developing what I had.\" He smirked again. \"So…\" he stepped away from them \"What exactly brings you to my castle?\" Roni looked at him incredulously \"What brings us here? Are you, perhaps, aware that you are the new Nothing, destroying Fantasia?\" Xander furrowed his eyebrows \"Me? Destroying Fantasia? Why, whatever gave you such information?\" \"Uh, The Childlike Impress?\" she stated a bit louder and in a more accusing tone \"You know, the one you trapped in her own tower?\" \"Oh...that…\" he dragged and then looked at them, his gaze changing from normal to wicked. Roni and Atreyu looked at the sudden change quizzically and then all of a sudden the doors flew open and three huge stone guards rushed in and before they even had a chance to register what's going on, the guards had Atreyu seized. Xander immediately shot to Roni and before she could do anything, he caught her from behind and covered her mouth with his hand. Roni struggled and squirmed, trying her best to writhe from his grasp, but he was too strong. Atreyu also tried to move, but could do nothing against three stone knights. He looked at Xander, rage mixed with confusion. He just sneered and took one step backwards, revealing a small, hardly-noticeable red button, just where his foot had just been. \"Take him to the dungeons.\" He ordered. Roni's eyes had grown wide with worry and she tried to whimper and shout, but all that came out was muffled screams. The doors were shut and she was left alone, face to face with Xander. Okay, as always, PLEEEEEEEEASE REVIEW! It really brings on the inspiration! See you later)[Chapter 17] A/N. The pictures of Roni, Xander, Atreyu, Moonchild and the Ivory Tower are now (finally) available on my profile-feel free to check those out!)) Chapter 16. Once he doors were slammed shut behind the guards, Xander roughly turned Roni around to face him, keeping his left hand clamped over her mouth. \"Now, let me put it to you this way\" he started in a calm, low voice \"If I want something, no one, and I mean, NO ONE stands in my way.\" Roni groaned something under his hand, but he just shook his head \"No, no, no, you will get your chance to talk. First I want to explain how things are going to work for you around here, sweet thing.\" At that point Roni bit down on his hand, hard. Xander groaned loudly and let go of her, as she furiously pushed him away. \"WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH ME?\" she shouted. Xander rubbed the bitten spot in attempt to soothe it, and then said in a surprisingly calm voice \"You know we're alone in this hall, there's no need to shout. And if you proceed abusing your vocal cords, I will start getting a headache, and that's the last thing you want me to have in your position.\" His matter-of-fact voice was both: angering and, somehow, calming. Maybe it was because when one doesn't respond to your shouting with his own, you don't get that much impulse for its resuming. Roni's ragged breath was slowly returning back to normal. In some way he was right- shouting isn't gonna get her anywhere. Even though it did help with letting out the anger, it also might earn her more trouble. She pulled herself together the best she could at the moment and spoke in a quieter, but still obviously irritated voice \"Why didn't you take me away with him?\" \"Why, would you've wanted me too?\" he scoffed \"Your boyfriend surely didn't prove that much worth here, just a few minutes ago.\" She narrowed her eyes threateningly. How dare he? As if Atreyu could do something against three stone knights! \"If you fought him like a man, he would kill you.\" She hissed. \"Then there's really no point in fighting «like a man» now, is there?\" he said and looked at her coldly. Roni powered her eyes and kept silent for a few moments, feeling a tad lost and stunned by his responses. Then she finally looked up at him again and asked \"I'm still waiting for the answer. What do you want with me?\" Xander looked away from her and started slowly walking around \"You're asking all the wrong questions…it's not what do I want with you, it's what YOU would want from ME while you're here.\" \"What do you mean?\" she asked, irritated. \"Well, you see, while you are in my castle, you and your boyfriend are at my mercy.\" He turned to her and snapped his fingers once \"That's how long it takes one of my knights to break his neck.\" Roni gritted her teeth and looked at him hatefully. Xander didn't respond to her look and continued coldly \"And you certainly wouldn't want that, would you? So, your job will be to prevent me from getting mad at you and giving my knight such an unpleasant order.\" He continued his careless walking around. \"I trust, you already understood that the basic part of it will be good behaviour. I will be a gentleman and take care of you, darling. You will be given personal chambers, bathroom, you will eat and drink with me and, perhaps, I might even let you walk around the castle a bit.\" Roni listened to him in frustrated astound, she shook her head not understanding \"Why? Why would you do all this? Why not just throw me into the dungeons with Atreyu?\" He looked at her and snickered \"Hey, I can get lonely too sometimes, can't I? There's really not much company here.\" He meaningfully looked around the hall and then started walking towards a door at the back of it. Roni gave him a questioning look and he gestured for her to follow him. She got that he probably wanted to take her to her «chambers» and did so, though she couldn't have done it less eagerly. He opened it and led her out into a corridor. She followed him all the way through it until he finally stopped in front of the last door in the passage. \"Remember this door and the way too it- I don't want you getting lost and stupidly wandering around the castle.\" He said and turned the doorknob, pushing it open. Roni slowly walked in and immediately heard the door slam shut loudly behind her. She rapidly spun around and sprang to it, banging furiously \"LET ME OUT! YOU HEAR ME?\" She heard Xander's laughter from the other side \"I just love your frenzy, sweet thing. Don't worry, I will…later.\" \"URGH!\" Roni gave one last powerful kick to the door and turned around, slowly sliding down it. She exhaled heavily and run her fingers through her fringe. Great. She's stuck in the castle of the new Nothing, obliged to entertain Xaide's son who claims to be «lonely», and Atreyu is in the dungeons. Perfect. Roni stood up and looked around the offered room. \"Wow,\" she thought \"Talk about devil's generosity.\" The room was huge! The walls were painted dark red with golden adornments, there was a big carpet in the middle and the bed was about 2kings-size. She eyed the two nightstands, the wardrobe, the desk and the small barred window. Barred. No matter how luxurious it was, it's still a prison. She sighed and dropped on the bed. Atreyu…She had to get to him, together they will figure something out. A/N You know how much I love the \"R\" word, guys) Please make my day![Chapter 18] A/N. Yes, I do realize how long it's been, and I feel terrible for making you wait so long. It's just that I've entered my senior year and there's a lot going on in my life right now. Plus I got my computer back two days ago. Okaay, so from now on, I'll try to keep the updates coming more regularly, and for now-enjoy the new chapter!) Chapter 17. \"Three hundred and seventy one..three hundred and seventy two…three hundred and seventy three…\" Roni's been lying across the bed, counting the little squares on the ceiling, playing with her Superman pendant for an hour now. After Xander locked her in and left, she's been trying her hardest to figure out what to do next, and in some time, her brain's efforts paid off. She decided to wait until Xander comes and gets her, for whatever reasons, then try make some contact with him in the nicest way she could muster (she already had most of her lines, questions and voice tone planned out and rehearsed). Then, when he relaxes a bit, she could knock him out with something heavy and run to the dungeons to get Atreyu. Sure, the plan wasn't perfect, pretty much anything could go wrong…but the one thing she was worried about the most, is her memory. She hoped with all she had, that it won't deceive her, and she will find her way to the dungeons without wasting much time. Just then, she heard a sharp knock on the door. \"What?\" she snapped. Sure, she was going to be nice..eventually. She doubted Xander would trust her even a bit, if two hours ago she was shouting at him, and then, all of a sudden , she's magically turned into a fairy princess. Roni had to make her anger meltdown look realistic. \"Master Xander demands your company for dinner.\" Came the voice of, as she thought, was another stone guard. She sighed and lazily rolled of the bed. \"Tell your master I'll be there in a minute.\" She heard the knight's heavy steps going away, and moved towards the door. «Well, good luck, Roni.» she thought to herself and turned the doorknob. Meanwhile Atreyu's been banging on the cell door for he didn't even know how long. The only thing he knew is that he was down here, and Roni was up there, with Fantasia's destroyer. How could he not notice that stupid red button on the floor? He shouldn't have taken Roni with him; he should have handled it on his own, like last time. But no, he let her convince him and now they're trapped, and who knows what Xander has in store for her. What if he tries to…no, he couldn't even think it. He couldn't live with himself if something happened to her. \"HEY! BE QUIET IN THERE!\" Atreyu heard the guard yell after another powerful kick on the door. He sighed heavily and started walking around the cell, staring at the ceiling, as if it could give some idea of how to get out. Back to the upper floor \"Well, look who's decided to honour me with their presence.\" Xander smirked as Roni walked in the dining hall. Finding her way here wasn't as hard as she thought it would be- she made it in less than five minutes. Thank god, he didn't put her in a room all the way at the rear end of the castle. She sent him a fake half-smile and sat across him, on the other end of the three feet table. She took a moment to look over the table and today's dinner menu, which was already served. «Does he eat like that every day?» she thought incredulously. There didn't seem to be any empty spot on it, different food covered every centimetre. And all of it looked pretty tasty..no, she mustn't look impressed. Roni put on her most sceptical look, folded her arms on her chest and waited for whatever is gonna happen next. To her surprise, Xander didn't seem to take any note of the fact that his guest wasn't eating anything, he calmly took some turkey, or at least, she thought it was turkey, and began feasting. «Could have at least asked \"aren't you hungry\" or something» Roni thought. After fifteen minutes or so, Roni got even more irritated at Xander's ignorant behaviour and finally decided to take an apple from the fruit bowl. «An apple isn't exactly a dinner.» So she won't look like she's accepted her being here. Just then she heard Xander chuckle \"I knew you couldn't sit through it.\" Roni shot him a look \"And I was beginning to think you could.\" She took a bite \"And what if I just sat there till you were done? Would you just let me starve myself?\" \"Sure.\" He replied simply \"If that is what you choose, who am I to get in the way?\" Roni gaped for a moment \"Well, aren't you a gallant host.\" Xander huffed and took a sip of wine. \"So, Roni,\" he started \"How is it? You know, on earth?\" Roni grinned, finally, a conversation. Now's the time to slowly turn nice. \"There are good times, there are bad…you know, like anywhere else.\" He nodded \"And how's your father? Does he miss us?\" \"Who do you mean by «us»? The Nothing and his evil ideas? Nope, don't think he misses those too much.\" She said in a jokeful tone, that will hopefully ease the tension. He chuckled \"I meant all fantasian creatures.\" She sighed \"Yeah, he does. After all, the most colourful part of his life was the time he spent here.\" \"Must feel weird, dating you father's best friend.\" Roni's eyes locked with Xander's cold ones. \"How do you know they were friends?\" \"I was fourteen, when Xaide died. I had a pretty good idea of what was going on outside the castle walls.\" Roni was puzzled for a moment «Fourteen? But then..» She quickly counted in her head. He looked 18-19, and Atreyu was sixteen right now. Of course, Bastian told Roni that when he went to Fantasia he was ten and Atreyu was twelve. \"So, you're…?\" \"I'm eighteen. Two years older than your boyfriend.\" \"Right.\" She nodded and stood up, walking around. \"So…care to show me that oracle of yours? I've never seen one, it sounds so…intriguing.\" She said in the nicest way she could, not to sound like she's up to anything. Xander grinned \"I was beginning to think you weren't a curious one.\" He slowly got up and made a sigh with his for Roni to follow him. Hope you liked it, and pleeease review, let me know if you're still there! Thank you)[Chapter 19] As you will soon notice, this chapter is almost twice as long as my usual ones. I just thought I should do something as a compensation for the wait.) Enjoy! And don't forget to review when you're done ;) Chapter 18 Bastian was sitting in front of the computer, trying to write up his work report. But as hard as he tried to concentrate, he wasn't making much progress. He looked up at the monitor and at the practically blank page, sighed and closed the laptop, figuring there was no point in his efforts. Who was he kiddin'? Of course, he wouldn't be able to get anything done while his daughter was in another world, doing god knows what. On Earth, it has been exactly five days since Roni had left, and he couldn't help but miss her terribly already. Not to mention, he was obviously worried about her. Yes, Atreyu was with her, and yes, he was probably the greatest warrior in Fantasia, but even he wasn't almighty. What if he gets seriously injured? (He couldn't even think the \"K\" word..) So bad, that he couldn't continue the quest? Would Roni then end up alone in this? No, no, he tried to reason with himself. Even in that most unlikely situation there would still be Falcor, who IS the Luck Dragon, and the AURIN, which will definitely protect her, and surely the Impress wouldn't let anything happen to her! And still… Oh, if only there was some way he could get in touch with them, if only he could somehow get a glimpse of what she's doing and where she is, just to see if she was okay. Suddenly the memories of his 10-year-old self came flooding back to him. How he stole the book from , how he locked himself in his school's attic, how he was reading along the lines of the book, following Atreyu's adventures on his quest… …Wait a second…the BOOK! Bastian slapped his palm on his forehead, amazed by his own slowness. \"Dammit, Bastian, you stupid ass!\" he scolded himself out loud and instantly rushed upstairs to Roni's room. He pushed the door open and laughed in elation, as he saw the book with the brown cover lying open in the middle of Roni's bed. Five days…it has been here for five days and he never even… \"Wow, I'm getting old.\" He chuckled and, in a moment, sat himself on the bed and picked up the book, feeling ten years old once again. After about half-hour of reading he slowly looked up and then hung his head down low. So, Atreyu was imprisoned, and Roni was face-to-face with this Xander guy…brilliant. He exhaled heavily and looked back at the page, knowing there wasn't anything he could do but to continue reading and hope for the best. Xander led Roni into a rather small round room with nothing but a black ottoman right in the middle. Roni looked suspiciously at it \"That's a funny place for a cushion.\" Xander sneered and silently pulled down a red switch that had gone unnoticed, since it blend in so perfectly with the dark red walls. Roni subconsciously took a step back, as the ottoman began rising from its place. As it rose, it exposed his bottom half, which was hidden under the floor and stopped rising when it was about five feet above the ground. Xander came closer and Roni took a moment to get a proper look at the construction. It looked like one of those crystal balls she saw in movies about prophesies, except that one as pretty big, definitely bigger than her head. It was approximately twice the size of a basketball. It was kept in place by metal stand, but it didn't look like it couldn't be pushed off. \"Quite something, huh?\" Roni heard Xander's self-satisfied voice. \"Nothing exceptional\" She said carelessly, folding her arms on her chest \"I've seen those before, they don't really work in my world. You're not impressing me.\" Xander grinned smugly \"Aren't' I? Well, it's not here to impress. It's here to acknowledge me of intruders heading my castle.\" He looked meaningfully at Roni. She growled under her breath and coughed discreetly \"So…\" she began \"How exactly does it work?\" \"Oh, nothing tricky really, you just activate it like this\" he extended his hand and placed it on the top of the ball, making grey light slowly form inside of it and expanding, until it looked like a ball of grey mist. \"And then you mentally ask it to show you the land around you in say…the nearest three kilometres. And don't take off the hand, or it would switch off.\" Roni listened closely \"So, it's basically like…\" \"It's basically like a window.\" he cut her off \"A window which can show you everything up to a thousand miles away. It also pays special attention to the most unusual objects appearing on the horizon like…for example…earthlings.\" He looked at her intently. She nodded in fake approval \"That's convenient.\" He smirked \"You don't say.\" He took off his hand and the mist inside the ball almost instantly melted away and the oracle once again became lifeless. Xander then stepped back and apathetically wandered around the small room. Roni observed that he always had that expression, like he was bored of everything around him and that he was doing the world a huge favour by his very existence. \"Wow, that thing must be pretty heavy.\" She stated, waiting for his reply. If she was going to do as she planned, she might as well find out if she could actually lift the thing. He shrugged indifferently \"Not anything I couldn't handle.\" Roni suppressed a relieved sigh. Xander wasn't all skin and bones, but he also wasn't exactly a load of muscle. And she was, luckily, a strong girl- she could always do more pulls ups then all her girl classmates and even several boys. \"Alright, I trust you've seen enough, it's about time to head back.\" He said and pulled up the switch and turned around, heading for the door. The crystal ball instantly began moving down. Now. Now was the time. She only had several seconds, while he turns the handle and before the oracle has disappeared under the floor. Not wasting a second, she gathered all her strength and bent slightly down, lifting the ball from the metal stand. It wasn't as heavy as it looked, but, by any means, it wasn't light! But if there was a time in her life when she had to put that strength of hers to its full use, that time would be now. In mere seconds she took a quick step forward and, not without a struggle, lifted it above her head and dropped the oracle right on Xander's. Surprisingly, the crystal ball didn't brake as it hit the ground, but, at least, its owner was out cold. Roni mentally whooped and ran out as fast as she could, bursting out the little room, then across and out the dining room and into the hallways, frantically looking around, her mind working like the energizer bunny, remembering and leading her the way to the dungeons. \"THAT'S MY GIRL!\" Bastian shouted with pride. He knew his daughter would find a way out of this…A slightly more violent way than he'd expected, but still a way! With his hope that something will be working out better growing stronger, he impatiently got back to the book. Roni was running down the hallway, which the two stone knights led her and Atreyu through before. She ran to the end of it and then looked around to see the very same knights motionlessly standing to the either side of the wall. Apparently, Xander's will didn't work on them while he was unconscious. She once again felt relief that the knights weren't going to stand in the way, considering she couldn't afford to waste any time, that could have been a real problem. She ran several feet farther, and kneeled at one of the walls searching it for the moving bricks, which had let her and Atreyu in this hallway. After several moments of randomly hitting all the bricks she could reach, she finally felt one of them push back, the rest following. As soon as the last magic brick moved out of the way, she skipped through the space and found herself once again in the long dark corridor with the stone walls and spider webs, the only faint light coming from the few torches hung on the walls. Atreyu's words played in her mind again… \"It's the corridor to the dungeon. If we go straight, there will be a staircase in the end, it leads to the dungeon.\" \"Right.\" She nodded and ran forward. In about ten minutes she finally reached the end of the stone corridor, the only problem was, there were TWO staircases, both leading down. But it was obvious they were somehow different- one was a much darker grey than the other, almost black. \" Left or right…left or right…\" she quickly pondered in her head. Having absolutely no idea which one of her choices could go wrong, she decided to just go with the left one. She rushed down the darker staircase, but as soon as she reached the second step, a chain suddenly shot out of a small hole in the wall and wrapped itself around her ankles, snatching her off her feet. Roni let out a startled yelp, and in a second she was dangling upside down about six feet above the ground. Bastian groaned loudly and slammed his fist on the nearby wall. A trap. Of course, a trap set especially for those who would come to free the prisoners. Then his gaze landed on the next sentence. Meanwhile Xander was slowly returning back to his senses. His eyes opened, gradually regaining focus… \"Oh, god, no!\" he shook his head \"I have to get in there!\" He gripped the book tightly and spoke into it \"Impress, please, I have to get in there!\" No response came. He gripped it even tighter and shook it a little \"Come on! I know you can do it! Get me in!\" Not a motion. He let out a loud groan and shouted \"MOONCHID, THEY'RE NOT. GONNA. MAKE IT! GET ME IN THERE! PLEASE!\" Just then, all of a sudden, the thin line dividing the two pages in the middle of the book began to glow and a gentle voice flowed through his mind \" The doors to Fantasia will always be open to those whose heart is young…\" Bastian felt a gush of wind on his face, the book in his hands began to shake as the light from the dividing line began to expand and glow brighter and brighter, almost blinding him. And then, he felt the already forgotten sensation of being sucked into the book, transferred to the land of all dreams. Bastian opened his eyes and found himself in a dark corridor. He quickly figured it was the one he was reading about just moments before. He felt a weird tug on his right hip, as if something heavy was attached to it. He looked down and couldn't believe his eyes. Zikanda. The magic sword, given to him at the beginning of his first adventure in Fantasia. His sword, which had been with him throughout almost his entire journey and served him more than honourably. Except the time it had pierced Atreyu's chest, but that was purely Bastian's doing, the sword didn't jump into his hands like it was supposed to, he pulled it out forcefully. He reached down and gripped the handle, remembering how swiftly it used to dance in his hand. The sword was not the only surprise- his entire body felt stronger, younger, practically radiating health. Then he heard a fumble at the end of the hallway and momentarily rushed towards it, as the reason for his being here came flooding back to his attention. Roni was hopelessly dangling upside down, the chain wrapped firmly and a bit painfully around her ankles. From this position she could hardly control her own arms. Her plan didn't work. There was no way she could get down from here on her own, and Atreyu being in the dungeons, the only ones who could get her down were either the guards or Xander himself. Either way, she could certainly forget about a cosy room at the top floor now, to say the least. And the next minute she heard someone's footsteps and saw a figure quickly advancing her. From her position upturned, she couldn't clearly make out who the person was, the only thing she knew, is that it was a young man and he had brown hair, not black, so it wasn't Xander. Probably one of the guards. To her horror, she saw the man effortlessly pull out his sword. Roni felt her blood turn cold and her heart beating at a rapid speed, as she tried to brace herself for the most expected strike. But none came. Instead, she heard a clash of metal and the next thing she knew, she was falling. The sword easily split the chains, cutting her down. But before she could hit the ground, the man caught her in his arms and helped her get back firmly on her feet, though still lightly supporting her. \"It's okay, baby-doll, I gotcha.\" The man breathed in a calming steady tone. As soon as her eyes got used to the upside-right world again, Roni incredulously looked over the man's features. It couldn't be… \"D-DAD?\" she couldn't believe her eyes or her ears! \"Yes, darlin', I'm really here.\" He smiled, still getting used to the fact that he really was there. She took a small step back and looked at him up and down wide-eyed, her mouth slightly ajar \"Dad…you're A TEEN!\"[Chapter 20] Chapter 19 Bastian furrowed his brows in confusion and quickly looked over himself. Unbelievable…so that's why he was feeling as if he was younger, because he was! He slowly lifted Zikanda to his eye level and looked at his reflection on the blade- staring straight back at him was his sixteen-year old self. He let out an excited chuckle, not being able to ignore the fact that he looked pretty good \"Awesome!\" Roni rolled her eyes \"Yes, dad, you look hot. Can we go get Atreyu now?\" Bastian shook the thoughts off, his mind getting back on track \"Right, get Atreyu…\" he breathed, stepping forward to the left staircase \"Dad! The other one!\" he heard Roni say, and the next second he grabbed her hand and they rushed down the right one. When they were down, they looked around and found one of the stone knights standing motionless against a nearby wall, obviously meant to guard all the prison cells. \"Atreyu!\" Roni called, wanting to figure out what cell he was in. \"Roni?\" came the reply from somewhere near \"He's over there.\" Bastian said and they ran to the fifth cell on the left. Atreyu quickly walked to the bars in as he saw them \"Bastian?\" he asked, looking over the young man next to Roni. He looked a lot like his best friend from the time he first came to Fantasia, except he was six years older (from what Atreyu guessed). Bastian smiled \"Yes, it's me. Stand back!\" he said and as Atreyu did, he reached for the sword handle. But he didn't even have to touch it to pull it out, because Zikanda had eagerly jumped into his hand just like it did back then. Bastian raised it up and in a flash the magic blade crashed upon the cell's lock, breaking it into pieces. The door swung open and Roni stepped forward, hugging him tightly, delighted to feel his arms around her again. \"Oh, thank heavens, you're alright.\" Atreyu breathed out, holding her close. He spent the last two days not knowing what could happen to her, and it was driving him mad with anxiety. Roni let go of him and Atreyu once again looked at Bastian up and down \"But how…\" \"The Impress let me get in here and, hey, look what else I got!\" he smiled, holding up the magic sword Atreyu was more than familiar with. \"Remember that?\" Atreyu eyed it \"Yes, thank you.\" \"So, what do we do now?\" Roni asked the both of them \"We do what we came here for\" Atreyu said \"We fight Xander.\" \"Precisely.\" They turned their heads and saw Xander's form standing in the doors with two knights behind him. Bastian tensed up: he looked so much like his mother; except for the hair- Xaide's was much more complicated. Xander smirked \"Nicely done, Roni. So now, that you've got your boyfriend out, what's you plan?\" then his eyes set on Bastian \"Wait a second, who the hell are you?\" Bastian stepped forward, keeping a firm grip on Zikanda, just in case \"Name's Bastian Balthazar Bux. I believe you've heard of me.\" Xander's eyes narrowed \"You.\" was all he said. Now he recognized him. The girl's father, the former Fantasia's Savior, the boy his mother served and messed with his head until the day of her terrible death. \"Yes, me. And we're taking you down.\" Bastian said in a low voice. Xander only grinned \"Oh really? Well, good luck.\" He said and turned to his knights \"Go get them.\" And that moment the two huge knights simultaneously took out their swords and started approaching the three, the sound of clashing metal filling the dungeons with each their footstep. Even in the dim lighting from the torches, their armor was shining intimidatingly. Atreyu instinctively pushed Roni behind his back \"What, you're not even going to attempt to fight us yourself?\" he shouted at Xander He laughed \"Why would I? No offends, but I'd much rather stay right here and watch my boys exterminate you one by one.\" \"Enjoy the show, Xander.\" Bastian said and lunged forward at the knights, letting the sword once again perform its magnificent dance. The blade flashed like a lightning and before Xander could comprehend what just happened, the first knight fell apart before his eyes. Just like Xaide's metal giants-these were made of nothing but the armor that moved on its own. It was only another swing of the sword, before the same thing happened to the other one, as it became nothing but a heap of metal at their feet. \"Last chance, Xander, surrender.\" Bastian warned Xander just sneered \"You've done a good job taking down the walking armor. Now, I' afraid I do have to fight you, as unfortunate as it is. And this time I'll make sure each one of you gets action.\" He winked his eye and snapped his fingers, and a mist instantly clouded the entire dungeons, blinding everyone for a moment. But when the mist has lifted they saw that there was now not one, but three Xanders! That's right, three completely identical copies of him, well, of course one of them was the real one and the other two were copies. All three Xanders smirked evilly \"Now, here's the trick.\" The one in the middle spoke up \"At this moment, the real Xander is me, which means my soul and mind is now in this body. However, when the fight begins it will be…travelling…amongst my copies. So you'll never know if you're fighting me or just the soul-less impersonation of me. One moment I'm here and the next…\" the one in the middle stopped talking. And the one on the left spoke up \"…I'm here. You know, I'll even be generous and give you a couple of minutes to plan something.\" He said with his signature arrogant grin. Bastian, Atreyu and Roni looked at each other and all came to a wordless agreement – they all understood it was the only way to defeat Xander-to kill him. They'll just have to see which one of them gets lucky and ends up slaying the real villain. Bastian couldn't help but feel the sting of fear for Roni as he thought about her fighting a grown man. He knew Atreyu could take Xander, no question, but Roni wasn't half as trained as he was! He glanced at his friend and knew he was thinking the same thing. \"Roni…\" Bastian said and when she looked at him, he took her hand and closed her fingers around Zikanda's handle. She looked at the sword and at her father \"N-no, dad, you can't…\" she stammered. How was he supposed to fight back if he gave her the magic sword? \"Yes, I can.\" He cut her off in a voice that didn't allow any objections \"It's mine; I can do whatever I want.\" \"But dad…\" \"He's right, Roni.\" Atreyu interfered, looking her in the eyes \"From the three of us you are the least trained one, and I think neither Bastian nor I could live with ourselves if something happened to you.\" Roni looked at Atreyu and breathed out in defeat. Could she ever object to anything he said? The answer was no, and she knew that full well. It seemed like he was the only one who could make her go with almost anything. She put her hand on the side of his neck and allowed herself to place a kiss on his lips, which she sure hoped wouldn't be their last. As they parted, she adjusted the handle in her grasp and looked at Bastian with all he love and gratitude she had \"Thank you, dad.\" But, by any means, she will not leave them disarmed like that. She touched the AURIN and said loud and clear \"I wish for Atreyu and Bastian to be armed with the best swords in Fantasia.\" Immediately the AURIN began to glow a bright light, and the next moment both Atreyu and Bastian had the most reliable swords in their hands. They took a moment to study them and nodded Roni their approval. Looks like they really were the best Fantasia could give. Atreyu and Bastian stood on Roni's either side and the three stepped forward. \"Come on, Xander.\" Bastian acknowledged that they were ready to fight. \"Bring it on.\" Roni said, her voice a tad above a whisper. A/N. The pic of teenage Bastian is available on my profile. Please review![Chapter 21] Chapter 20 The three Xanders grinned, took out their swords and charged; the fight began. Instantly, as one of them lunged at her, Roni felt Zikanda jumping upwards in her hand, shielding her from the blow she didn't even register coming. Before she could comprehend what she was doing, the sword started another glorious performance on its own accord. The clone (or the real Xander, who knows?) attacked, and Roni dodged, Zikanda's blade flashed and he moved out of its way. As Xander had warned, sort of, he was very good swordsman, and even Zikanda couldn't take him down as quickly as it did the knights. In fact, it couldn't even cut her opponents sword in half, something it also was capable of with others. Apparently, Xander's weapons were enchanted also. But even though it wasn't able to destroy Roni's opponent in a blink of an eye, there was no denying that without it, she would probably be dead already. Having zero training in that aspect, and never before holding a sword in her hands, Roni appeared like a professional fighter with Zikanda doing most of the work, all she had to do was to follow its lead. Several meters away, Atreyu was also fighting his own personal Xander. Even without the advantage of a magical sword, he was once again proving to be the excellent fighter he was. His sword sliced through the air and went for Xander's shoulder, where it was blocked by the challenger. Atreyu saw the blade rising up and ducked just in time, practically hearing the steel glide through the space just above his head. On the other half of the place, Bastian was not doing so well. The absence of his enchanted \"friend\" was visibly reducing his fighting skills. After all, being raised on Earth, it was only natural he didn't have much combat practice. The only thing he could do, was to remember the moves Zikanda performed when it was with him and try to copy them. Luckily, that was enough to keep his opponent in check and not being an easy target, even though Bastian kind of accepted the fact that he's not going to win this fight any time soon. At that moment he caught himself thinking the same thing he was when he was ten, before he went to Fantasia: he wished he was more like Atreyu. And just as Atreyu's rival tried to hit his legs, Atreyu jumped nimbly above the blade, crossing it with his, and with a little more force, Xander's weapon was sent flying out of his hands, and Atreyu's sword went through his stomach. But instead of falling on the ground, the defeated opponent just turned to ashes and dissolved in the air, proving to be just one of the clones. Nevertheless, Atreyu was now free-handed and able to help either Roni or Bastian. He first checked on Roni and was quite relieved when he saw Zikanda proving most useful. Then his eyes fell on Bastian and he instantly knew that if anyone could use his help right then, it was him. Meanwhile, Bastian's Xander had just succeeded in knocking him down, by hitting his knees hard with the flat side of his blade. As he fell back, he involuntary let go of his sword, and it landed several inches out of his reach. Bastian began crawling backwards, but just when Xander raised up his blade and was about to strike down \"HEY!\" He turned around rapidly and was met by Atreyu's sword handle hammering his temple powerfully, making him collapse on the ground, his head accidentally landing at a very unfortunate angel, thus, breaking his neck. Bastian looked at his friend, slightly panting \"Thanks.\" «for saving my life again» he added mentally. \"Don't mention it…\" he watched as another clone slowly dissolved in the air. That only left one… Bastian got up to his feet, picked up his sword, and they both turned to Roni, who was obviously left fighting the real Xander. As Xander dodged another attack, he angled his sword and went for Roni's neck; luckily Zikanda was quick in its track and got in the way of the blade only several inches away from death. The swords clashed together, forming a cross, and neither wanted to let go. Roni concentrated in putting all her strength in that moment, and in a second, Zikanda finally went through Xander's sword, literally slicing it in half. At that point Atreyu and Bastian come closer to them, and Bastian struck his sword handle on the back of Xander's head, forcing him to fall to his knees. Atreyu came to his side and placed the tip of his blade at Xander's throat, as if saying \"one move and you're dead\". Seeing this as her chance, Roni automatically raised Zikanda above her head, blade downwards, preparing to attack. But then…something stopped her. Her mind was slowly kicking in again, preventing her from finishing this. She knew this was what they came here for, this was what they had to do, and she was in the perfect position to end this but… \"What's wrong, sweet thing, can't do this?\" Xander looked at her. Roni forced a smirk \"Heady tonic, holding life and death in the palm of one's hand.\" i Xander grinned \"Indeed. Well, what are you waiting for? Go on.\" He was taunting her on purpose and she knew it. Yet, she still couldn't bring herself to…she was not a murderer, no matter who she was to slay! As she was fighting with herself, Bastian decided to end this on his own and raised his sword \"DAD, NO!\" Roni cried and he held his attack, looking at her questioningly Roni lowered Zikanda and placed the tip at Xander's throat, just like Atreyu \"First, you will release the Impress.\" Xander's grin grew wider \"Hmm, very good, I knew you were a clever girl.\" Bastian quickly shook his head in protest \"We don't need him for that! We kill him, and his spell, or whatever it is, dies with him!\" \"How do we know?\" Roni countered her voice an octave higher than she'd expected \"The only thing we can be sure about, is that if we kill him now, and the spell isn't lifted, the Impress will be trapped in the tower forever!\" \"How can the spell not be lifted, if we kill the one who placed it?\" \"Easily! Do you know exactly how magic works here? No, neither do I, so I suggest we not risk it!\" \"Oh, so you suggest we trust him to just lift the spell, and then leave with his promise to \"not do it again?\" Bastian retorted sarcastically, his voice also getting a bit louder. \"Don't put words in my mouth, that's not what I said!\" \"Urgh, this is impossible, Roni, you are so stubborn!\" \"Yeah, I believe I got that from my daddy!\" \"Roni, Bastian, that's enough!\" Atreyu finally interfered, subconsciously easing his grip on the sword \"Roni, remember what the Southern Oracle said? Xander IS the Nothing, we destroy him-we free the Impress!\" Roni slowly nodded her head \"Yeah…it did say that…\" Maybe it really was the only solution, the Southern Oracle couldn't be wrong. She was merely a second away from nodding Bastian that he could kill him but suddenly… Xander, taking advantage of Atreyu being distracted, grasped the blade with his bare hand and snatched it away from his throat. In a quarter of a second he sprang from his knees and punched Atreyu in the stomach, so he won't stand in the way for at least a few moments. It all happened so fast, and before the three could comprehend what was happening, Xander sneered \"So long\", snapped his fingers and disappeared. A/N. Thank you, Curious Reader for some tips for this chapter) Please don't forget to review! i Virtual cookies to you if you know which movie that's from, and who said it! (no googling!) =)[Chapter 22] A/N. Annalese Mills, I feel most honored that you love my story this much and it served as an inspiration to write your own. I think that's one of the best rewards a writer could get. Thank you for you kind words. Also thank you, Curious Reader, and sorry about the pause, I recently graduated High School and…yeah, life's been pretty hectic. Anyway, hope you enjoy the next chapter! Chapter 21 Atreyu, Roni and Bastian retrieved to the forest, a few yards away from Xander's castle. The fall Atreyu got from Xander punching him earlier has resulted in a deep scratch on his upper arm, which Roni was currently patching up. She soaked a piece of cloth in water from the nearby river and was carefully pressing it over the gash. No one has said more than a couple of words to each other since Xander got away, but the one, who's silence was the most deafening, was Bastian. He sat on the ground, looking down, slowly twirling Zikanda's handle in his hands, a most grim expression evident on his face. Both Roni and Atreyu had been constantly glancing at him, as if trying to read what was on his mind, but neither found it relevant to start a conversation with him. Finally, Bastian looked up from the ground and spoke up \"So what now?\" he half-asked in a calm but firm voice. Roni cautiously looked at her father \"What do you mean?\" \"Xander got away. We have no clue where to even start looking for him, if he's smart, and I think we all know he is, he's not coming back to the castle any time soon. So I'm asking- what now?\" he pierced the sword through the ground in front of him. Roni glanced at Atreyu, but his expression was unreadable as he looked intently at his friend. She didn't look at Bastian and proceeded taking care of Atreyu's scratch \"I don't know, we'll figure something out, we always do.\" Bastian made a quiet huffing sound. \"What was that?\" Roni asked Bastian seemed to be focused on the sword handle as he spoke quietly but sternly \"We wouldn't have to be figuring something out, if somebody hadn't decided to play righteous where in wasn't needed\" Roni's eyes narrowed as she turned her head to her father \"Are you implying this is my fault?\" He exhaled sharply \"Well, whose fault is it, Roni? You should have finished him off when you had the perfect chance!\" \"Excuse me, if I couldn't just go ahead and slash someone's throat!\" Roni retorted, her voice an octave higher than she expected \"It was and is the only way to save Fantasia, and you know it!\" She sprang to her feet \"Oh yeah? Then why didn't you do it?\" He got up as well \"Because I was a little busy holding him down for ya!\" \"Enough.\" Bastian and Roni turned their heads as they heard Atreyu's voice and watched him stand up.\"If it is somebody's fault, its everybody's. And scolding each other will get us nowhere. So I suggest we drop the matter and focus on figuring out how to find Xander.\" He said in a composed and stable tone. Roni looked at Atreyu and then at Bastian \"I'm going for a walk\" she said and made her way into the forest \"Roni…\" Bastian began, but was cut off by Atreyu \"Bastian.\" He looked reassuringly and seriously at his friend, putting his hand on his shoulder \"…Maybe it would be best if I talked to her.\" Bastian pondered about it for a moment before giving a small nod of his head. Atreyu took his hand away and walked after Roni. She sat down at the stream she got water from earlier and rested her chin on her knees, hugging them with her hands, looking at the water. This was ridiculous, it wasn't her fault!...Was it? After all, she was the one with her sword raised above Xander's neck. She was in the perfect position, had the perfect chance and…blew it. She let him get her into believing that killing him wouldn't stop Fantasia from dying. How could she have been so stupid to fall for that? He was obviously just trying to save his life and he did, in his sneak way… \"Roni?\" she heard Atreyu's voice from behind her, but didn't turn her head, still wrapped up in her thoughts. Atreyu came closer and silently sat down next to her. He chose not to force a conversation on her and rather just wait- if she wants to talk to him, she will. \"…He thinks it's my fault\" Roni stated quietly \"And you know what's the worst of it? He's right.\" She sighed softly and looked down. Atreyu slowly shook his head and comfortingly put his arm around her shoulders \"He doesn't blame you, Roni. He's just a little…hot-tempered. Especially now, that he got turned back into a teen.\" \"But he has every right to blame me!\" she looked into his eyes \"I was the one, who didn't get rid of Xander when I could. It could've ended right then and there and Fantasia would have been already restoring! But because of me…\" she shook her head and buried her face in her knees. Atreyu carefully touched her face and lifted her chin up for her to look at him \"You were only thinking of what would be best for Fantasia. You were right, we couldn't have known for sure if the spell would be lifted if we destroyed the magician. And when I remembered what the Oracle said, it was already too late. It's not your fault, Roni. I don't want you to think it is.\" He finished in a soothing tone and pressed a gentle kiss onto her lips. She kissed him back, waves of comforting warmth flowing through her body at their contact. As they parted she smiled softly \"But really…what are we go going to do now?\" Atreyu got up to his feet and took her hand, pulling her up with him \"I will call for Falcor, you know how wise he is. We will think of something together.\"[Chapter 23] A/N I know, it's been forever, I'm sorry. College has proved to be a lot of work and it's a completely different life, so I had to prioritize a little... but like I said, I really don't want to abandon this. So, I actually had to re-read the last couple of chapters of my own story to catch up on what's going on, and... yeah, here's the new chapter. Hope you enjoy and please leave a review. Thank you! Chapter 22 Atreyu and Roni returned from the river, finding Bastian seated on a log, reluctantly boring a hole in the ground with the tip of his sword. \"Bastian.'\"Atreyu eyed his friend, drawing his attention to them. He lifted his gaze from the ground and let out a quiet sigh, standing up to his feet as he looked at Roni \"… I'm sorry. Okay?\" he held up his hands for a moment \"It wasn't your fault, I guess... guess I wouldn't have been too thrilled if you just went ahead and slit his throat without blinking either.\" he gave a small nod, shoving his hands into his pockets. A light half-smile formed on Roni's lips \"'It's all good.\" casting a glance at Atreyu, she walked to a nearby log and sat down, crossing her legs \"So then... any ideas?\" Atreyu looked into space in front of him, crossing his arms, his face an expression of thought and concentration \"Xander seems to have fled the castle for now. If we're gonna figure out where to start looking, we might want to search it.\" Bastian looked up at him \"You're not thinking that Xander just left his castle unguarded for anyone to drop by, are you?' \"No, I'm not. But I do think that if we've managed to fight off three Xanders just a couple of hours ago, we'll be able to take on whatever is to attack us.\" \"He's right.\" Roni slowly stood up from the log \"I mean... it's not like we have much choice here. We have no idea where Xander went, so far we have it narrowed down to \"everywhere\".\" she shrugged her shoulders \"My vote's on searching the castle.\" Bastian glanced at the two before getting up to his feet also, figuring there really was no other way out of it \"Well then... let's get going.\" he said, placing Zikanda back in its sheath. Not more than twenty minutes later they entered the castle once more, using the same small entrance Atreyu and Roni went through to get inside the first time. Even though Xander was no longer there, they still didn't feel like walking through the main one. Looking around, keeping their guard up for any sudden movements, they made their way along the corridors. Luckily Roni remembered the grand hall she ran from earlier and led Atreyu and Bastian to the big decorated double-door, which could have only been one thing- Xander's chambers. They stood in front of it, silently studying it with their eyes for a moment. Bastian cautiously stepped forward and tried pushing the door open, but not at all to his surprise, unsuccessfully. Roni nodded her head, confirming it must be held closed by Xander's magic and reached for the AURIN around her neck when suddenly Atreyu's hand covered her own, stopping its movement. She furrowed her eyebrows, giving him a confused look. \"Roni..\" he replied to her questioning gaze \"I wouldn't waste your wishes like that.\" he lowered her hand down, meaningfully eyeing Bastian. Bastian turned his head to them, catching the look \"Hm... yeah, he's probably right.\" he frustratedly rubbed the back of his neck \"I mean, if we look back at my history with the wishing thing...\" Roni looked down for a moment, considering \"But I'm only using it when there's no other way. Look at this door, it's Xander's chambers, clearly it won't open by itself and I highly doubt it can be broken through.\" Atreyu looked over the door and took out his dagger, kneeling in front of the lock, his eyes narrowing in concentration as he attempted to pick the lock open. After several minutes of trying he breathed out in defeat and stood back up, shaking his head. \"I can't open it. Maybe she's right.\" His gaze once again fell on Roni, a small frown crossing his features, making it apparent that he didn't want her to do it. A ghost of a frown appeared on Roni's lips for a second also, but knowing full well that's what she had to do, she reached out and gave his hand a reassuring squeeze before closing it around the AURIN \"I wish for the doors to open.\" she said in a firm tone as the amulet started glowing a bright light and the huge doors slowly opened up, inviting them into the luxurious suit that was Xander's quarters. As expected, the room was nothing less than magnificent. With the king-sized bed, the golden-threaded cushions, the numerous paintings and extraordinary furniture, the room reflected perfectly Xander's self-centered and arrogant nature. The three stepped in, taking in their surroundings before proceeding to walk all the way inside, their eyes scanning the room for any signs of clues. Roni walked forward, immediately busying herself with searching Xander's desk while Atreyu and Bastian fixed their attention on numerous drawers, Atreyu occasionally knocking on the wall for any secret passages. Minutes passed in silence with only the sound of fumbling and knocking in the room. Bastian sighed and closed another empty drawer, turning his head to Roni \"Any luck, baby-doll?\" \"Not really.\" came the response as Roni ferreted in the old useless scrolls and various objects. \"You?\" Bastian let out a quiet huffing sound, signifying a \"No\" as he got back to searching. Atreyu ran his dagger up and down the wall as he walked by it, when his gaze fell upon the rug on the floor. He stopped walking and intently fixed his eyes on it. The one thing he could trust at all times was his instinct, and right now it was telling him that he should lift that thing up. Without a moment of hesitation he stepped to it, grabbed the edge of the rug and flung it away, allowing himself a small grin at the sight revealed before him. \"Roni, Bastian.\" he called for the other two \"Look at this.\" They turned their heads, hearing Atreyu call and quickly walked to his side in hopes that he might have found something. And indeed, he has. A map. A miniature map of the nearest parts of Fantasia was clearly drawn on the floor, right on the place the rug has been hiding. There was the Ivory Tower, the Swamps of Sadness, Perlin, the night forest, Xaide's/Xander's castle, and amongst all the other things, there was the one location with a tiny, barely-noticeable red cross marking it. \"Amarganth.\"Atreyu and Bastian said in unison, casting a glance at each-other. \"The Silver City...\" Roni spoke, remembering her dad's stories about his time in Fantasia. \"You think...?\" \"I say it's worth checking out.\" Bastian stated, nodding his head. \"Amarganth is the only place he's marked here. It may not necessarily be his escaping resort, but it definitely means something to him.\" \"Then that's where we'll be going.\" Atreyu concluded as he memorized the map. ","Summary":" A/N- Okay, so this is my very first story, so be nice! : ) In case you're wondering-I changed the g"},{"Movie":"Neverending Story","Title":"Neverending Story: The Strongest Magic","Author":"tragicwitch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7883972","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello one and all and thank you for reading my new undertaking. I tried posting this in the book section but no one seemed to be reading it. I will be writing this mostly in the book universe, with really only one nod to the movie, and fans of the book might hate me for it. Atreyu will not be green in this story. Reason being I only recently read the book and while it is leagues better than the movie, Noah Hathaway is still the Atreyu I grew up with as my hero who I wanted to be just like. Even when I read the book I still could only picture him the way I grew up with him. So for this story he will stay that way. Anyway please read and enjoy. I do not own Neverending Story or possess any rights to Michael Ende's masterpiece. I'm just honored by the privilege this site offers to let one of my stories roam Fantasia. I do however own any original characters that may pop up. To make the story easier to follow, everything that happens in Fantasia will be written normally while everything that happens in the Human world will be written in bold. Thank you again. Prologue: The Circle of the Night Bastian Balthazar Bux had experiences under his belt beyond his years. Indeed beyond the years of anyone his age, or even older. It was what made him who he was, which was a confident youth of agreeable humor and virtually no inhibition when it came to speaking his mind. Because of this confidence he excelled in both academics and athletics. His teachers knew he was going to make a great noise in the world one day. No one could explain how he had transformed from the pudgy little urchin who had so often been the butt of everyone's jokes (peer and teacher alike) to the golden boy of their town. Adults liked him, girls liked him, boys respected him at the very least. But don't misunderstand this to mean that he was in any way arrogant. No Bastian was not arrogant. He simply had far more experience than anyone would have guessed, and this accounted for his near fearlessness at anything he attempted. But how he came to be this way is a story that has already been told. But the reason that this at least must be told is that on this particular day there was something that, even for one as fearless as Bastian Balthazar Bux, was very troubling indeed. \"I must be going mad\". He said to himself. Because he swore he had seen the very same cat that was trotting gingerly along the wrought iron fence along the corner of his block as had been at the schoolyard that very morning. He stopped to look closer. No he wasn't mistaken because this black cat had the very same streak of violet fur near its crown. He wondered how the cat had come by such a peculiar marking. Such coloring on a cat was certainly not natural. Whoever owned it must have been very strange. The cat must have noticed he was observing because she (he had a feeling it was female) suddenly met his gaze. Her eyes were blue and like a cat's they seemed to carry that attitude of passive curiosity and boredom all in one. He dismissed the thought quickly when she leaped off the fence and pranced across his neighbor's yard. But when he caught sight of her again, this time across the street from his house where he peered out his window, he suddenly found himself wishing his father had not left him home alone for the weekend. But all thought of the strange cat had vanished by the time he remembered he had promised to call Christa that night. She would soon be through with school for the year and the two of them could not wait for when her mother Anna would bring her home and the two of them could visit. Though they had grown older and entered their high school years, two things between them had never changed. One, Christa still loved to hear Bastian's stories, especially the ones about his adventures in Fantasia. And two, Bastian was still very fond of her, and growing fonder still. He related his experience with the cat to her, but she must have thought it was him just getting ready to tell another story because she didn't seem too concerned. Though she admitted cats in general gave her the creeps. She told him not to worry about it and he decided she was right. After he hung up with her it was very late. He dressed for bed and took one last look outside his bedroom window, half expecting to see the cat staring back at him from across the street just as she had been earlier. The street was empty. \"Christa's right.\" He said to himself. \"Just a cat.\" And with that he laid his head down to sleep. But as he drifted off, there was still that one small remaining nagging feeling that something was off about that cat. It wasn't strong enough to rouse him when sleep finally took him, but there came a time when he wished he had listened to it. The window to his room slid open ever so gently so as not to wake him. Bastian did not stir, and the owner of the pale hand that reached through his window and spread its violet fingernails over his sleeping head would make sure he stayed that way. Bastian felt nothing as the spell was cast. That's the thing about sleeping spells; you usually don't feel them. With Bastian lying in an enchanted sleep, the one who had opened his window floated uninvited into his room. At first glance she didn't seem all that imposing. A petite little thing she could easily be mistaken for no older than fourteen. But this girl was clearly more than she seemed. The moonlight shimmered on the one violet streak in her otherwise night black hair, and the long black cat-like tail that swished back and forth beneath her skirt cast an eerie shadow on the floor. And if Bastian had been awake to see her eyes he would have seen the same blue eyes he had seen in the black cat earlier that day, with that same look of curiosity mixed with petulant boredom. Her voice carried virtually no feeling in it when she called. \"It's clear.\" Two more shadows crept into Bastian's room in much the same way as she had. The first stood hunched and its head swiveled from side to side as it sniffed the air in a most canine way. In fact its features seemed quite canine indeed, with the beginnings of a snout protruding from its face, and long furry fox-like ears which like his wildly long and tangled hair were an outlandish shade of azure blue. A network of piercings lined both ears. A light coat of the same colored fur extended all the way down its arms which were covered in a swirling matrix of black markings. Its hands appeared much larger than they should be and ended in crude hooked claws. Around its neck it wore a black spiked collar, and like the girl it had a long tail covered in the same blue fur as his ears. It spoke in a voice that was low like a man's, but somehow had a feminine quality to it. \"Why did we have to come all the way to this world Fay?\" it whined, addressing the girl. \"It's so boring. They don't even believe in magic here.\" \"Not to mention the risk it presented to us crossing the rift between worlds.\" Said the last one in a polished voice that was sharp with culture as well as arrogance. In comparison to the other two he was quite ordinary looking, though his white collared shirt and black coat with black cravat seemed very outdated, not to mention sloppy. His hair was unkempt, his cravat looked like it had been halfway tied before he'd given up on it, and his coat was stained with ink, chemicals and who knows what else. The moonlight gleamed off of his crooked rectangular glasses. \"That barbarically obdurate lizard nearly caught up to us that time. And the day she does is the day she swallows us whole.\" \"We didn't come all this way so you could bore me with your complaints Thoth.\" The girl said in her usual flat tone. \"Nag, find it.\" The creature with the snout lowered its head and began to sniff like a dog. The other two watched as it moved toward the door. \"It's not in here.\" It said, moving out of Bastian's room and into the hallway. It continued to sniff out the object of their intrusion while the other two followed it. Bastian all the while lay motionless in his bed. \"Remind me again why we needed to come all this way when you have a perfectly suitable one that led us to this delusion of an experiment?\" the young man in glasses inquired. \"Because I only possess a copy. In order for us to get there we need the real one.\" The girl replied. \"Strange to think that such a thing exists in this world where there is so little magic.\" Though the girl rarely, if ever smiled, the beginnings of a wry smirk tugged at the corner of her mouth. \"If this next experiment goes the way that I've planned, we'll soon see that this world is in possession of the most powerful magic of all.\" \"Not that again Fay.\" The young man sighed. \"We've been over this a thousand times and we've never gathered any conclusive data to support your theory.\" \"But we have gathered data. And you lost our last wager, so it is my turn to conduct the experiment. I will prove that it is the strongest magic.\" \"Mighty talk for one who has never felt it.\" He said bitingly. To this the girl had no answer. The creature that was their third companion slung its arm over the young man's shoulder and drew its face uncomfortably close to his. \"Oh come on Thoth, let Fay have her fun. This experiment sounds like it's going to be a real party.\" \"You,\" the young man in glasses said as he shrugged out of the creature's grip, \"will go anywhere there is promise of fine food, drink, and other such debauchery.\" \"As though the two of you are any different.\" \"Certainly not. I am a man of science.\" \"Details, details.\" The creature teased. \"Enough.\" The girl snapped. \"Keep looking.\" \"I don't have to, I found it.\" The creature pointed toward the door in front of them. It reached for the knob and jiggled it. \"Wouldn't you know. Locked.\" \"Let me.\" Said the young man in glasses. He reached for the keyhole just beneath the knob and pointed his fingertip at it. As impossible as it sounds he actually fit his index finger into the keyhole and turned it. The door opened quite easily after that into the study of Bastian's father, though Bastian was permitted to use it as a quiet place to read. The creature didn't waste any time, slinking its way to one of the bookshelves and running its claw-tipped fingers over the books in the shelves. At last it found what it was looking for. \"Here it is!\" It said in a sing-song voice, pulling a single book from the shelf and laying it on the desk where the other two gathered around. It was a book bound in copper colored silk that shimmered when they moved it about. On the cover above the title there were two snakes intertwining; one light and one dark biting each other's tail. The young man in glasses huffed, completely unappreciative of the treasure in front of him. \"It doesn't look any different than the one you have.\" \"But it is.\" The girl said as plainly as one would state the color of the sky. \"She's right\" the creature agreed. \"I can smell it. It's rich with magic. Strange magic. I've never really smelled anything like it before.\" \"Well we didn't come all this way just to look at it.\" The young man said impatiently. The girl seemed to agree. \"Open the book Nag.\" The creature did as instructed and flipped the book open. Its pages appeared to be printed in two different colors. All three of them laid their hands on the book, and here one would find that the three witches had more in common than black twisted hearts. On the backs of their right hands were identical markings; a crescent moon with three stars arching over it. Their fingertips glowed with dark violet light. \"Time to begin.\" Said the young man in glasses. \"This is going to be so exciting!\" screeched the creature with blue fox ears. The girl with the purple streak in her hair kept her cold blue eyes transfixed on the pages of the book. \"To Fantasia.\" And in a flash of dark violet light they vanished. Only the book remained on the desk. Somehow it had been shut. Just below the symbol of the two snakes read the title plain as day in intricate lettering; The Neverending Story.[Chapter 2] A/N: Okay I promise I'll limit the number of author's notes I put here. But it would seem that reading the Neverending Story was easier to understand when what happened in the human world was written in one color while everything that happened in Fantasia was written in another. For this purpose, from here on out Human World happenings will be written in bold print. Chapter 1: The Right Book A dair stared at the paper in front of her as though it were a person who had just told her it didn't like the way she dressed (though it certainly wouldn't have been the first if it could talk). Her latest abysmal attempt at a creative writing assignment had a large scarlet F stamped at the top of it. \"Now you understand why I asked you to stay after class.\" Mr. Fillmore said sympathetically. \"Miss Artemis, as you know I don't give failing grades. Creative writing is purely subjective. It's an art form. I grade papers based on the effort of the student.\" \"I was up until one in the morning writing this thing.\" Adair made a half-hearted attempt to defend her work. \"Be that as it may, your work lacked any sort of passion. And not just this one but every assignment you've handed in this term. And it would be a discredit to you if I allowed you to simply fly through my class without taking anything away from it. So let's talk about the root of the problem. Do you feel anything for this subject matter?\" \"That's just it! I haven't felt anything for any of them. I really don't like writing!\" She threw her hands in the air. Mr. Fillmore simply folded his hands on his desk. \"Then if you don't mind my asking, why did you take this class?\" \"I needed some fine arts credit.\" She answered honestly. \"It was this or choir. I figured it would be better if I just let the teacher see how terrible my writing is instead of letting everyone else hear how terrible a singer I am.\" \"I didn't say your writing was horrible Adair. I simply said it lacked feeling. Your heart is not in this work. If I thought it was horrible we wouldn't be discussing this right now. Now you are a bright girl I'm sure. There is a lot of potential here. We just need to see if we can make it shine.\" \"And what would you say would make it better?\" \"Well for one you could stop writing out gruesome deaths for your main characters. I'm all for freedom of expression, but there's a difference between creative writing and passive aggression.\" Adair sighed in defeat. Gruesome death for the miserable characters she was forced to write about was the only thing she had to look forward to in these assignments. \"Mr. Fillmore I can't fail on this paper. I'll be good with a C but if I fail it…\" She hesitated which seemed to perk her teacher's interest. \"I just have a lot riding on this okay? Is there anything I can do?\" \"Well it would seem that for you to progress at all you need to find yourself a muse. One that isn't covered in blood and screaming death metal in your ears.\" He smiled, but it quickly faded when it became clear she didn't appreciate the joke. \"Alright here's what we'll do. I'll let you make up the assignment. I'll enter your grade on this paper as a C on one condition. You bring me an extra credit paper.\" Adair eyed him warily. \"On what?\" \"Anything. I'm not assigning you any subject matter. You can write about anything you want. You have one week. All you have to do is get out there and find something that inspires you and write about it. Believe me, you'll know when it hits you.\" The second bell rang for lunch and Mr. Fillmore bid Adair good afternoon as she gathered her things and left the classroom. Sitting in the usual spot for lunch, at the base of a tree at the edge of the outside commons, she related her new problem to the only person in the world she could talk to; her best (and really only) friend Jason. Everyone else at lunch kept their distance from them for the most part. Adair could have been called a Goth with a rim of black eyeliner around her hazel-green eyes, but her usual choice in outfits like the one she was wearing now; black skinny jeans and hi-tops with a black and gray striped T-shirt under a form fitting black cardigan was plain in comparison to the actual Goths of their school, all chains and studs and leather. So she was at best a Goth who didn't care enough about it to put that extra ounce of dread into her appearance. She didn't have a single piercing, she didn't wear any lipstick over her naturally pink lips, and she left her hair its natural shade of dirty blond rather than dying it oil black. Jason was slim and seemed to wear the same outfit every day; a long sleeved two in one T-Shirt with boot-cut blue jeans over a pair of motorcycle boots even though he neither owned nor had ever ridden a motorcycle. His hair was dark brown and about shoulder length when he left it down. However he liked to keep it tied back in a ponytail because he insisted it made him look like Orlando Bloom and Adair didn't feel the need to tell him otherwise. He swallowed whatever the cafeteria had seen fit to slop onto their plate that afternoon. As usual he'd downed his own portion in half the time it had taken her to take the first bite, and he was already asking for hers. She was a little jealous he could eat so freely without gaining a single pound. \"You going to eat that?\" he asked again. She slid her tray off her lap and handed it to him. \"Knock yourself out.\" She rolled her eyes as he dug into her lunch as vigorously as he had his own. \"Are you listening?\" \"Yes Adair, I can listen and eat at the same time. I'm a big multi-tasker that way.\" He wiped the remains of what she thought was gravy away from his mouth with the back of his hand. \"Why don't you try reading a book?\" \"What?\" \"You know, a book. BOOK\" he said slowly, opening his hands and closing them in front of him. \"You know, those things with pages and words that you always see me holding.\" \"Read a book? That's your idea.\" \"Yep.\" \"This is really easy for you to say. You're good at this kind of thing.\" \"It's not exactly hard. Fillmore said you needed to find some inspiration. What's more inspiring than a book? That's what they're for.\" \"Apparently Lemming never made you read Lord of the Flies.\" \"Alright, but this is about finding the right book. Look just go by Coreander's Old Books after school. Here I'll give you the address.\" He pulled a marker from the backpack next to him and held out his hand for hers. She gave it to him and he scribbled an address on the back of her hand. \"They've got everything there, and since they're all old you can get them pretty cheap too. Just find one that grabs you and I'll meet you at your Aunt's place tonight.\" Adair rolled her eyes again. \"Sounds promising.\" \"Hey I know this is a big deal for you-\" \"It's a huge deal!\" She cried, cutting him off. \"If I fail this assignment, Aunt Rosemary won't sign for my internship for the secretary position in the city, and then that will put all my plans for moving out of this place on hold. I can't stay here anymore! I'm so sick of this place!\" \"And Fillmore says you lack passion.\" Jason muttered. \"Look, you want to pass this class then trust me. Alright? Go get the book and I'll meet you at Rosemary's place later.\" Adair gave him a questioning glance. \"Why can't you come to the bookshop with me?\" Jason shrugged. \"Detention.\" \"For what?\" \"I might have tuned out when Huffman was giving us our instructions in chemistry and added too much sulfur to the mix he gave us.\" She winced. \"How bad is it?\" \"I'll let you know when I finish cleaning the ceiling.\" True to its name, \"Carl Conrad Coreander, Old Books\" wasn't much of a bookshop so much as a book graveyard. Adair slid in through the doorway to a long narrow room lined with shelves of books of all shapes and sizes. Unlike other bookshops she'd been in, the air wasn't permeated with the smell of coffee. No this shop had a more homely feel to it. While the books seemed kept in good condition for the most part, it was clear most of their spines had been well worn from previous ownership. The tinkling of the bells must have alerted the shop owner because she heard a brisk shuffling from the back room. An elderly gentleman shuffled into the front of the shop to greet her. Adair had learned that there were two kinds of old people in the world. The ones who let their years show with permanent frown lines in the wrinkles of their face, and those who had a perpetual smile imprinted in the dimples around their mouth. They were like trees that way, how the rings inside a trunk could tell a story. This man was the happy kind. He wore a blue striped button down shirt and a pair of plain brown khakis with some casual cordovan shoes. His eyes were clear blue behind his glasses and his hair, though gray and receding at the crown of his head still looked thick and healthy. \"How do you do young lady?\" He asked congenially. Adair shrugged. \"Fine I guess. Are you the Mr. Coreander that owns this shop?\" She indicated the sign behind her. The man looked at the door where the shop's name could be clearly seen on the back of the glass pane. He adjusted his glasses. \"It would seem this shop actually belongs to a… Rednaeroc.\" He chuckled, pointing out that the sign she was referring to could only be read backwards from inside the shop. When she didn't laugh back he cleared his throat. \"No I am not. Though he was a dear friend. I am the Mr. Bux who owns this shop. Bastian Balthazar Bux at your service.\" \"Bastian Balthazar Bux? Carl Conrad Coreander? B's C's was that on purpose?\" The man smiled. \"Funny you should ask, we noticed that on the first day we met. Though the alliteration was purely coincidence. And what may I ask is your name?\" She bit her lip when she realized her blunder. \"Adair.\" She answered frankly. \"Adair….?\" He pressed. She sighed. \"Adair Alicia Artemis.\" Mr. Bux chuckled again. \"But my dear, that's all A's. Seems you'll fit in quite well here.\" \"My friend told me you could help me find a book.\" \"Friend?\" \"Jason. The one with the boots and the ponytail.\" \"Oh Jason, yes of course I know him. Regular here.\" He stroked his chin. \"I might be able to help you. It all depends of course. What is it you're looking for?\" Adair paused. \"I don't really know.\" \"Ah, just browsing then. Well what is it you like to read? A good romance novel perhaps?\" \"No!\" She said a little too quickly. The thought made her gag. \"Anything but that.\" \"Oh very well, a fantasy perhaps. A girl needs a little fantasy in her life.\" \"I'm not sure about that either.\" She admitted. Mr. Bux knit his graying eyebrows over his eyes in what looked like concern. \"My dear is there any kind of book you're interested in?\" \"I'm not much for reading.\" A look of understanding dawned on the old man. \"I see. That explains it then.\" \"Explains what?\" \"Why you look so old. I could see it from across the room. You're carrying the world's problems on your shoulders. Reading, discovering, feeling, these are the things that keep us young my dear. Without reading, we're really just going through our life's problems on our own.\" \"I can manage my problems just fine thank you. And I'm only seventeen.\" She said with a little more venom than she'd intended. She didn't like this man. There was something about him that made her feel like he could read her as easily as one of the books he kept. He seemed to take the hint. \"Alright I didn't mean any offense. Just give me a moment and I guarantee we can find something suitable. I won't allow you to leave the shop dissatisfied. It's simply a matter of finding the right book.\" There it was again. The same phrase Jason had used. That phrase was beginning to annoy her. \"What's the difference? A book's a book.\" \"Not true my dear, not true at all.\" He continued as he began to rummage through the shelves. \"There are books about love, there are books about adventure, there are books about talking animals, science, history, pirates, books about magical nannies who gallivant all over Europe by flying with a magical umbrella…\" He paused for a moment and looked at her with those clear blue eyes in a way that made her feel like he was reading her again. \"And then there is that one special book that changes your life forever. It's not a simple thing Miss Adair Alicia Artemis, no not simple at all.\" She shuffled from one foot to the other uncomfortably as he stared at her, either studying her or lost in thought she could not tell, until at last a loud ringing broke him from his reverie. \"Oh that would be my wife. If you'll excuse me for a moment. Feel free to look around. Let me know if something peaks your interest.\" He ducked out of the room to answer the phone in the back room. She knew she shouldn't be surprised the old man still owned a landline, but it was still strange to her that something like that still existed anywhere. She resigned herself to scanning the shelves for titles that jumped out at her. A few did here and there, ones with words like \"Dark\" or \"Blood\" or \"Revenge\". But then one caught her eye that didn't appear to have a title, or at least not on the spine. But the strange symbol on the spine caught her eye; a pair of snakes, one light and one dark intertwining in a circle, each biting the others' tail. She pulled it from the shelf. It was bound in copper colored silk that shimmered when she moved it about, and the same symbol that was on the spine was also on the cover just above the title. She sighed when she read the title's intricate lettering. \"The Neverending Story.\" Yeah, I only have a week. I don't have time for never ending. She thought to herself. \"You should get that one.\" Adair spun around. The voice did not belong to the old man. Standing in the shop with her she found a girl about her age, maybe a little younger. She had long night black hair with a purple streak in it. Her blue doll-like eyes stayed on Adair with a mixture of curiosity and boredom. Her wardrobe was a bizarre; resembling something out of those Animes Jason liked to watch. She wore a knee length black dress with a white lace petticoat underneath it. The dress left her shoulders bare, but her arms had loose white sleeves laced just above her elbows and held in place by black buckles. The loose cuffs of the sleeves had the same ruffle as her petticoat. Her legs were clad in black and white striped stockings and black knee-high boots. Her fingernails were the same color as the streak in her hair. Adair had been startled by the girl's sudden appearance. She hadn't heard her enter the shop. But the outlandishness of her outfit helped her get over it. She gave the girl a wry smirk. \"Did you get lost on your way to a convention?\" \"No.\" The girl said flatly, lacking any of the usual confusion or resentment Adair had come to expect from those who suffered her sarcasm. She either didn't notice the comment had been meant as an insult, or more likely she just didn't care. \"You should read that book. I hear it really speaks to people.\" \"Yeah, I'm not much of a reader. I'm just looking for something to read for a school assignment.\" \"Suit yourself. It was only a suggestion.\" The strange girl replied, her face unchanging and reminiscent of porcelain. She turned on her heel and made her way toward another part of the shop that was hidden behind another row of bookshelves. Adair heard her whisper as she left. \"But you won't find another book like it. Not in all the world.\" Then she was gone. \"Okay.\" Adair said more to herself. Was this what reading really did to you? Between the old man and the weird girl she was getting the feeling she was in one of Jason's Anime's. These people couldn't be for real. She thought of telling Jason about the strangely dressed girl she had met, thinking he'd immediately want her number. But try as she might, she couldn't picture fun-loving Jason going anywhere with someone so disjointed no matter how weird they dressed. All the while she still found herself holding onto the book. She wondered if it was worth it to try the weirdo's advice. What was so special about this book that claimed to never end anyway? She looked around. There was no sign of the old man, though she could faintly hear his voice in the back room on the phone, and it didn't sound like he meant to end his call anytime soon. There was also no sign of the girl she'd been talking to, but she didn't mind that so much. In fact she hoped it stayed that way. What she did see was an armchair almost hidden behind a shoulder high wall of books. Considering sitting down to read she was reminded of a little old woman curling up on a rocking chair in front of a fire with a book and a pair of reading glasses. And that in turn reminded her of the earlier (and frankly quite rude) observation Mr. Bux had made that she appeared old. He'd most likely laugh at her. But Adair wasn't normally the kind to let what others thought bother her, and when she did it was short lived. She shrugged and gave in to what she believed to have been inevitable and settled herself into the armchair. She opened the book and began to read; The plains of Fantasia were always a welcome sight to his eyes. Their lush grasslands rich with the light of the sun seemed to stretch on forever. He filled his lungs as though trying to taste the scent of the wind that blew through his hair on the back of his flying Luckdragon. On the horizon he could see little plumes of smoke from campfires, and his sharp eyes were beginning to see the outlines of the huts of his people. They had made it. Atreyu the Warrior of the Plains was home. He had traversed all over Fantasia and had many fantastic adventures, and he still had many more ahead of him, but for a little while at least he would be back among his own people, those he still called family. \"Falkor!\" he called to the white Luckdragon who was not only his trusted mount, but also his most loyal and dearest friend. \"I want you to land!\" \"What?\" The Luckdragon asked in his deep bronze-like voice. \"But we haven't even reached the village yet!\" The two of them needed to shout to be heard over the wind. \"I know! Just land! You can go on ahead!\" Not sure what his little master was playing at, but not seeing any harm either, Falkor descended to the grasslands. Atreyu leaped off and Falkor turned his head to look at him with his great ruby eyes. He wasn't like other dragons in Fantasia with their hardened scales and great spiked wings who were considered evil and destructive beings in Fantasia. Falkor was a Luckdragon with a long graceful serpentine body with pearly pink and white scales and a face like a lion. They were also said to bring great fortune to those they travelled with. Atreyu found this to be beyond doubt. Having Falkor as his friend he considered fortune enough. And he credited him for many narrow escapes they had made in the past. \"You go on ahead Falkor. I just want a little time to run through the grass before we get there.\" \"Suit yourself. I'll meet you there. Try not to get yourself into any trouble before you reach the village.\" The dragon winked his glistening ruby colored eye. \"I'd hate to miss out on any of the fun.\" And with that he took off into the sky again. Despite his size, Falkor was as light as a cloud and swam through the air like a fish through water. Atreyu watched him fly away then began to make his way through the tall grass of his homeland. He trekked slowly at first, but steadily he gained speed, wanting to feel the warmth of the sunlight in the grass. He was a healthy youth of about seventeen with deep tanned skin and dark hair that fell about his shoulders. The padding of his soft buffalo leather boots was swift along the ground. His dark eyes were intense and focused the eyes of a hunter, a warrior, which is what Atreyu was. But in the eyes of the plains he would always be their child, and its tall green grass welcomed him with all the tenderness of a loving parent. He let the boy in him laugh out loud as he bent his head and tried to see how fast he could run through the grass. Then he stopped suddenly as he became aware of a strange prickling sensation on the back of his neck; the feeling of being watched. In the way of weapons he had his bow and a quiver of arrows strapped to his back, and a dagger at his waist, but even though that sensation had taken him by surprise he didn't reach for either of them. There was something familiar about this presence. He turned around and saw nothing. He squinted his eyes trying to see far off. The grass as the wind blew through it looked like the waves of a vast ocean. It took him some time to see past them until at last, there it was. Someone else was standing in the grass with him. She was hard to see at first, but little by little she became clearer. At first all he could see was that she was a girl dressed in dark clothes about his age. Then more of her began to come into focus. Her long hair was the color of gold desert sand, and her eyes were the color of the grass, green but shifting into shades of blue and gold at times. The clearer she became, the closer it seemed she was to him. Soon she seemed close enough that he caught her scent in the wind. She was— \" What are you doing!\" The outcry brought Adair from the grassy plains of Fantasia in a shocking whirl back into the old bookshop. It was Mr. Bux standing in the doorway to the backroom and looking far more anxious than when he'd first gone back there. \" What?\" She asked, shutting the book but keeping her finger in the page she'd been reading. She bolted up from the chair. \"You said I could browse.\" The old man made an attempt to calm himself, but he wasn't succeeding. He was breathing heavily and there was still a note of desperation in his voice. \"Yes of course. You're free to browse and read at your leisure. Now how about we find something for you to go home with shall we? 'Jane Eyre' perhaps? Seems right up your alley.\" \" Actually I think I've already found one. This one seems like the right book.\" She held it up for him to see and was surprised by the look of sheer horror that rose in his face. \" Any book you like Miss, any at all. I'll even give it to you free of charge! But not that book. That one is not for sale.\" Adair narrowed her eyes. \"Then you shouldn't have put it with the ones that were.\" \" I didn't! It must have been… put there by mistake.\" He began to take careful steps toward her. \" Yeah, well I'm not changing my mind.\" She insisted stubbornly. Hadn't he been the one who'd insisted she find 'the right book'? Well now she'd found one that for the first time she didn't want to throw into a fire after the first paragraph. Why was he trying to change her mind all of a sudden? She drew the book closer to her protectively as he drew nearer with reaching hands. \" Please Miss Artemis,\" he said in a pleading voice. \"Give me that book.\" Then without warning he lunged and seized the book with both hands. Adair recoiled and held on with all her strength. She ground her teeth together. \"Let… GO!\" She finally succeeded in tearing the book back from his grasp and both of them staggered backwards. Adair actually fell and landed on her rear. Like a cornered mouse she scooted backwards when he advanced on her again. In a burst of adrenaline she leaped back to her feet and sprinted toward the door. She threw it open, the book still clutched tightly in her hands, and sped down the block as fast as her feet could carry her, tucking the book tightly against her chest. Mr. Bux, by now very out of breath could only call after her from the door to his shop. \"Miss Artemis! Miss Artemis! Please come back! You don't know what you're doing! Come back!\" It was several blocks before she felt safe enough to stop running. In dismay she looked down at the act of petty theft in her hands. She had just stolen one of the old man's books. Well it's his own fault for scaring me like that. She reasoned to herself. The old man would be lucky if she didn't try to charge him with harassment. And if the book wasn't for sale, why had it been on the shelf? Still, Adair was a lot of things, but a thief she was not. She went over and over in her head trying to figure out why she'd gone ahead and stolen it. Had Mr. Bux really scared her so badly? No it was more than that, much more. In that short passage she had read something strange had happened. The boy she'd read about, Atreyu? The girl he had seen, was it possible he had seen her? The girl sounded a lot like her, although she'd been described in far more beautiful words than she would have used. Her hair was sandy-blond, not the color of gold desert sand. Impossible. There was no way the girl he had seen was her. But then if it hadn't been her, why had she seen him? Up until that point she'd been able to picture everything in the book clearly; the plains, the village in the distance, even the Luckdragon who sounded to her like the most absurd creature ever to be thought up. But when it had come to the boy she had seen him perfectly in every detail, and in a far more real sense than just imagining him. She had seen the sun gleam off his dark hair that reminded her of raven's feathers. The soft leather of his clothes had seemed so close she'd wanted to reach out and touch it. She'd even seen something that the book hadn't mentioned; on a part of his chest that was exposed by the opening of his leather tunic was the faded pink remains of what must have been a grisly scar at one time. And those eyes, she had seen him study her with that hunter's gaze. As she studied the book's cover the twin snakes seemed to be grinning at her like they knew a secret she did not. She made a note to give Jason some money to pay Mr. Bux with later. Because of one thing she was certain. However much she had doubted the artsy talk of her friend Jason, and the ranting of the old man, she knew she had found \"the right book\" and she was not about to let it go. Aunt Rosemary's house was the usual scene of chaos. Her cousins Bryan and Jamie were running through the living room with their loud obnoxious toy ray-guns. Brian nearly ran into her as he pursued his brother. He was a gangly child with brown hair and eyes and torn jeans. \"Adair's home!\" Jamie called. He was the younger of the two brothers and looked like Bryan in miniature, with slightly more rounded features. Bryan took a defensive position behind the couch and began shooting at Jamie. The gun made a loud sci-fi blasting noise. \"Hey Mom wants you to do the dishes!\" Aunt Rosemary was in the kitchen sitting at the table with her two year old daughter Lizzie in her lap, trying to tie the child's black hair into twin braids. She scolded her son from where she was still struggling with his baby sister. \"Bryan you know good and well I asked you to do that! And put those away please, I have a headache!\" She struggled in vain to hold onto Lizzie who started squirming at the sight of Adair. The little girl slid off her mother's lap and ran toward Adair with outstretched hands. The left half of her hair was braided tight while the other half hung free over her face. She wrapped herself tightly around Adair's leg. Aunt Rosemary sighed and turned to her niece. \"Where have you been? I was expecting you back an hour ago.\" Her Aunt was a pretty woman in a maternal sort of way with a heart shaped face and almond colored eyes with thick brown hair that seemed so long and unruly at times that she always kept it tied back and pulled away from her face. On the whole she was a very small woman as well, barely clearing the top of her twelve year old son's head with her chin. And when she was in the mood to scold, which she was now, she always folded her arms and hooked her left eyebrow. But she did it with a tired smile. \"I needed to pick up a book for an assignment.\" \"Well you should have called. I didn't give you that cell phone so you could play Angry Birds on it. Bryan, Jamie, will you please put those things away!\" Her boys giggled and ran upstairs away from their mother's growing frustration. But no one heard any further blaster noises. The boys may have been bratty and obnoxious in Adair's opinion, but their one redeeming quality was that they were mindful of their mother. Aunt Rosemary sighed again. \" Listen I know I asked Bryan to do it, but could you please do the kitchen? I need to leave for work soon.\" Aunt Rosemary worked at a spa in the city. She worked long hours and sometimes had to be gone over the weekend, leaving Adair alone to tend to her cousins. \"I don't have time for that.\" Adair protested. \"I'm backed up with my homework.\" \"I understand, but you know that if I'm not here Bryan won't do it and then it'll just pile up and not get done. Besides, if you're really set on moving to the city for that internship you're going to have to learn how to make time for these things.\" There it was. Her Aunt was not above holding that over her. Aunt Rosemary did not like the idea of Adair getting an apartment in the city. And why should she when that would leave her alone at home with her own delinquent sons and baby girl. Maybe if you made your sons pull their own weight around here, my leaving wouldn't be such a shock to you. She thought bitterly. For she was convinced that doing household chores was the only reason her Aunt even kept her around. \"Fine. Whatever. I'll do it.\" Aunt Rosemary made a mock sigh. \"Oh thank you so much. What would I do without your selfless sacrifice.\" She said sarcastically. \"Yeah well you better figure out because the second summer hits I can't move out fast enough.\" She turned to stomp up the stairs to her room. \"Adair!\" her Aunt called. She guessed it was to ask her to do the kitchen again. \"I'll do it later!\" She marched to her room and wasn't surprised at all to find the boys hiding in there, giggling to themselves in her closet like she'd never find them. She shucked off her book bag and tossed it onto her bed before she threw the door open and grabbed them both by the shoulder. \"Get out! Your Mom's leaving for the city soon and I'm in charge. I catch either of you in my room one more time I'm putting you both in one of my dresses and posting pictures all over the internet.\" That was an empty threat. Adair didn't own a single dress. They both looked like they wanted to add to that, but she quickly shut the door behind them and locked it. She leaned against the door and let out a long slow breath to clear her head, sinking down to the floor. She was finally alone. Well not entirely. She had one roommate, but one that she didn't mind at all since they never had much to say. A white cat with black ears and a black tail and legs lay curled up on her bed. Now that the boys were gone her cat felt safe enough to stop pretending that she was asleep. She uncurled from her place on the bed and stretched her claws in the way that cats do before bouncing off the bed to rub her head against Adair's leg. \"Hi Iole. It's just you and me right now.\" She said absently, stroking her fur. \"Pretty soon it'll be like this every day when we move to the city. Would you like that?\" Of course Iole had nothing to say, which is why she and Adair got along so well. The book caught her eye again and she got up to clear a space for herself on her bed. She sat Indian style and opened the book across her lap. Iole followed and curled up next to her. As she looked for the space where she had left off she was overcome by this feeling of anticipation that was completely foreign to her. She didn't really have much to look forward to in her day-to-day life, and this certainly never applied to a book. But here she found herself anxious to get back to where she'd been before Mr. Bux had interrupted her. \"I'm telling you both I saw her.\" Atreyu repeated defiantly. He had arrived at the village and had been welcomed warmly by his tribesmen; the men who congratulated him on the feats of bravery they had heard he'd undergone, the women who greeted him tenderly with maternal caring, and particularly the children who all looked up to Atreyu like an elder brother crowded around him and clamored to hear stories of his adventures. They'd had something of a feast in his honor and a dance that had gone on well into the night. Now he was free at last to share what he had seen on the plains with two of his closest friends; Falkor, and Bahzha, a member of his tribe that had travelled with him once a long time ago. But that is another story and shall be told another time. They had remained gathered around their fire while the majority of the village had retired to bed. He hadn't wanted to raise concern among his tribesmen, so he'd decided to share what he'd seen only with the two of them. But neither of them seemed to believe him. \"Why don't you believe me?\" \"It's not that we're trying to doubt you Atreyu.\" Falkor assured him in as low of a voice as he could manage so they wouldn't arouse any of the villagers. This wasn't an easy task for a Luckdragon. \"It's just that there haven't been any humans in Fantasia since…\" \"I know that. But I know what I saw. Maybe another one has come. Hasn't that been the tradition? That a human come to Fantasia when we are in our greatest need? Falkor you've seen it, those things that have been terrorizing the countryside?\" \"Atreyu we've only heard the stories and seen the aftermath. We've never actually seen any of what they call Demons.\" \"But they've all told the same stories. The gnomes tell it, the gjinn's tell it, the elves tell it, the Sassafranians, the Blondycats, even the Headfooters. And it's not like them to make sense.\" Bahzha shrugged as he continued to whittle at the wooden flute he was making. He was tall and lean and seemed carved entirely from bone and sinew. This seemed to contradict his name which in the language of the Plains people meant 'Little Warrior'. \"Fantasia's always been plagued by the Creatures of Darkness. The Childlike Empress allows them to exist here because they are the dreams of the humans just like you and I. She draws no distinctions. It's just something we've had to learn to live with.\" \"But these aren't like the Creatures of Darkness. The ones who have seen them have said they don't feel like they belong in Fantasia. They're foreign… wrong.\" \"You mean like the wolf you met in Spook City?\" Atreyu shuddered at the most unwelcome memory. \"Yeah, like that.\" \"Still,\" Falkor argued \"if a human had come to Fantasia there would have been news of it at the Ivory Tower first.\" \"No one's heard news from the Childlike Empress in a long time.\" Atreyu pointed out. \"The Magnolia Pavilion hasn't opened for years. I think it has something to do with the Demons.\" \"You're sure it was a girl you saw?\" Bahzha asked. Atreyu eyed him skeptically. \"Yes. Why?\" \"Perhaps what you saw wasn't really a human, but a message from Fantasia.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I'm only saying, if you're sure it was a girl….\" \"Bahzha not this again!\" Atreyu grew instantly exasperated. \"What?\" Bahzha asked defensively. \"I don't think I'm alone on this one. You've travelled to nearly every corner of Fantasia by now. Maybe this vision you had was trying to tell you that it's time to settle down. Deisha's mother tells me she's still available. You know she's always taken a shine to you.\" \"No.\" Atreyu answered adamantly. \"Not until I finish the stories.\" \"That's just it Atreyu! You'll never finish the stories, because no real story is ever finished. It'll just lead you to another one, and then another, and still another. You've done well keeping your promise. Maybe it's time you stepped down and let someone else start fulfilling them.\" To this, Atreyu had no answer. He'd gained a great deal of frustration trying to convince his friends of the truth. He knew what he'd seen. And this absurd theory that it was Fantasia telling him to stop adventuring and get married was enough to make him get up and stalk off to the edge of the village. I know how he feels. Adair thought. To have no one take you seriously and insist they know what's best for you without really understanding where you were coming from was something she was very familiar with. Her Aunt didn't understand her, that was for sure. She had just barely been convinced that Adair's moodiness wasn't attributed to drug use. And still she caught her gaze flicker to her arms as if to make sure she wasn't cutting herself. Jason was the one she could confide in the most, but she couldn't say he understood her any better. Still he tried a lot more than Aunt Rosemary, and he'd never jumped to such drastic conclusions as she had. She went on reading. Again Atreyu was overcome with that feeling that he was being watched. He turned slowly to find that he was alone in the darkness at the edge of the village. He could see the glow of Bahzha and Falkor's fire, but there was no other sign of life. He hadn't noticed how far from the village he'd wandered but this didn't bother him too greatly. He sat down and let his thoughts sort themselves out. More and more he found himself wishing he could see Moon Child. The news that she hadn't been seen for so long troubled him. The Childlike Empress was the source of all life in Fantasia, and while she didn't do much in the way of ruling, without her Fantasia felt uneasy and leaderless. He'd seen it in the eyes of all the Fantasians he had visited recently. He knew the appearance of these demons and the news that their Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes remained silent through it all troubled each and every being of Fantasia. They had to be connected. And though he knew whether she was around or not, that he could never see Moon Child a second time, he still wished to hear her voice, to feel her assurance. Atreyu was startled suddenly by another feeling. He was being watched once more, but this time he did feel the need to reach for his knife. Whatever had its gaze on him now was indeed hostile. He hadn't heard anyone approach, but he didn't miss the glowing green eyes glowering at him in the distance. As he focused he could see that they sat in the center of a pale face that glistened in the moonlight like scales. But that was all he had time to see because at that moment the creature pounced. Atreyu braced himself for the impact and let himself fall with the beast as it fell on top of him. As he landed on his back, he slid underneath it and thrust his dagger upward into its throat. The creature made a sound like a whimpering dog before falling to the side. He leaped back to his feet and watched it fall to the earth. Its face was pale and scaled as he had seen, but it had a snout and a maw like a wolf's. Its four legs were scaled as well, ending in long hooked talons. But the rest of the beast was covered in mangy black fur. Atreyu had seen many monsters in his adventures, but only one had ever made him shiver with such a cold and unnatural aura, and that creature just like the one that lay before him felt wrong all over. It reminded him of the way oil slid along the surface of water, but could never really mix with it. This was one of those monsters known as demons that he had heard of. He turned and made to run back for the camp to tell his friends of what he'd seen. He was so caught up in the excitement of finding the proof of what they'd been discussing, and the relief of having escaped with his life that he didn't notice the creature had staggered back to its clawed feet and was bounding after him on all fours with head bent. With claws outstretched and fangs wide it leaped for Atreyu. \"Look behind you!\" Adair cried, and felt immediately how silly that was. She was reminded of those people who go to see a scary movie and shout uselessly at the young vulnerable heroine to turn around before she's brutally stabbed to death by the slasher. She shook her head and tried to read again. \"Look behind you!\" Atreyu heard it clearly and turned just in time to see the demon leap for him again. He knew it was the same one he had cut down because it still had the gaping wound in its throat that he had put there. Acting on instinct he stepped to the side just before it reached him and plunged his knife into the same place, this time with such force that the demon's head fell from its shoulders. The thing fell a second time to the earth, and this time Atreyu watched to make sure it was dead. Then he gaped as it never hit the earth but vanished in a dark mist. He didn't have time to wonder how that had happened or what it meant. He had to warn his village. \"There is no way that just happened.\" No sooner had he started in the direction of the village then he saw them. A pack of black shapes was closing in on the camp quickly and silently. He ran faster, his chest heaving with panic. They were all asleep. The demons had the edge of surprise. Only Falkor and Bahzha were awake, but from where they were they couldn't see them. And he was too far away to cry out the alarm. What was more; they weren't the only shapes moving in the darkness. He could hear more, at least four. And these ones were closing in on him. Atreyu was among the fastest runners in all of Fantasia. But not even he could outrun these creatures as they caught him on all sides. He stopped when he saw that he was surrounded. They edged toward him, snapping their jaws trying to get a taste of his flesh. Atreyu held his knife out as they closed in, prepared to face death fighting like a true warrior. He was afraid not for himself, but for his tribesmen who were still sound asleep. Adair was suddenly gripped by a fear similar to the kind that Atreyu was feeling. She was afraid for him. The thought of the boy she had seen so clearly earlier that afternoon, now surrounded by fiendish creatures that sent chills up her spine when she pictured them, armed with only a knife was unbearable. And the worst part was how calmly he faced them even when he knew he had no chance of winning. She didn't care how great of a warrior the book made him out to be, she knew no one person ever won in a fight against a pack of wolves in this or any world. \" No, no, no,\" she said to herself over and over, hoping, waiting for something to happen, something to change. Nothing did. She read that they were still getting closer and Atreyu wasn't making any movement to run or escape. She found herself wishing with more feeling than she'd felt in a long time that something would happen that would save him. Something had to happen. She would not allow the book to end this way. She was so intent in her wishing that she hadn't even noticed the strange light that was suddenly coming off of the book. But Iole noticed. The cat backed away slowly as it glowed brighter and brighter. Soon it filled the whole room, and Adair still hadn't a thought in her head other than willing the words on the page to change. \" Come on, come on, COME ON! Something happen!\" Then in a brilliant flash, Iole found herself alone in Adair's bedroom with the book still open on the bed. And that is how Adair Alicia Artemis came to Fantasia.[Chapter 3] Chapter 2: A Human in Fantasia Blinding light filled the council chamber of the Ivory Tower; the one that sat at the foot of the steps that led to the Magnolia Pavilion, the sacred throne room to the Childlike Empress. The Fantasian Council Members that were in attendance had to shield their eyes from its brilliance. Every nation of Fantasia's vast empire was granted a seat on the council for an elected representative, including those that were home to Fantasia's darker creatures; the Night Hobs and the werewolves and the witches and such. But today there was only a handful sitting in council (thirty or forty) including a certain centaur named Chiron who was among the most faithful of the Empress' subjects. There was also the high general of the Ivory Tower's army; a boisterous and energetic knight named Heremoor. Both knew what this light meant, but could scarcely believe it. \"It can't be.\" Chiron whispered. \"It's impossible!\" Heremoor cried. The light finally began to fade. It had come from an object of most precious value in Fantasia which at this time was encased in an altar of pure crystal. The object had many names in Fantasia. The Gem, the Glory, to name two. But its true name was AURYN, the amulet of the Childlike Empress, the granter of wishes, and the herald and sign of her messengers. Those who were permitted to wear it did so as proof that they were acting in the Empress' name. Why it was encased in crystal at the current moment shall be explained hereafter, but for now all that must be said is that it had been the source of the great light that had filled the chamber. And that was a sign that could only mean one thing. \"A human in Fantasia?\" one of the councilors said in awe. It was a woodland fairy queen, all arrayed in a fine gown made of autumn colored leaves and a crown of bright meadow flowers, with wings like a butterfly's. Despite the length of her gown and the somber setting, her feet remained bare. \"That can't be!\" cried another, a Sassafranian. They were a species in Fantasia that was born old and died young. The one that sat as representative of his people in the council was a blond child in white robes that nearly swallowed his tiny form. He looked little more than ten years of age, so by Sassafranian standards he was an elder of great wisdom. \"No human has ever entered Fantasia before save by the power of our Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes!\" \"Still,\" Chiron the centaur began to reason, \"We cannot simply ignore this sign the Glory has given us. It warrants investigation. Milady Octavia,\" he said, addressing the woodland fairy. \"Do your people feel anything on the wind?\" \"There was a powerful surge only a moment ago, perhaps right before the Gem began to shine.\" \"Are you able to trace it?\" \"I should be.\" \"Then you must accompany General Heremoor. General, will you go and find the human?\" The Knight clad in gleaming white armor with the square jaw and long hair the color of the sun and just as bright bolted from his seat and pounded a steel clad fist against his chest. \"At once. If it is true and a human has come to Fantasia at last, they should be brought to the Ivory Tower at once for their own safety. I shall ride at the head of my valiant eagle riders and make haste!\" Meanwhile, in a much darker corner of Fantasia than the Ivory Tower, and through far more clandestine means than the light of the AURYN, the Circle of the Night had also become aware of the great change in Fantasia. They had no reason to doubt that a human had come because they in large had been the cause. The creature known as Nag grinned with its angular teeth as it picked up the new scent. It squealed in excitement. \"It worked Fay.\" \"Already?\" Thoth queried from a corner of the darkened chamber where he tinkered with a device suspended on a set of metal rings that hummed electrically. \"I must say, I have enjoyed the rich flora and fauna of this world, and I've recorded some delicious discoveries from our stay. But I suppose all good things must come to an end, correct Fay?\" The other two turned to their silent associate who sat on a small wooden stool with her hands in her lap, surrounded by scores of candles. Despite the deadpan expression on her face, the metronomic swishing of her black cat-like tail suggested she was the most excited about the new development. Mounted in front of her on a wooden pedestal was an open book, and this is what held her focus. Before her eyes, the blank pages filled with words one line at a time as though it were being written by an invisible hand. Her voice did not betray any excitement however. \"Time for the real experiment to begin.\" The light that flooded the grasslands bloomed with such force that Atreyu was knocked onto his back. Shielding his eyes with one hand, he tried to see what had caused it. It had come from the sky like a bolt of lightning and was pure white. The first thing he saw was that the creatures that had surrounded him had fared far worse against this light. Those that had been nearest him ready to pounce had been hurled to the earth and were starting to vanish into black mist as he had seen the first do, as if the light burned them. Those that had stood behind backed away snarling and shielding their eyes. Little by little its warm glow subsided and Atreyu saw who stood before him. It was the girl he had seen earlier that day; the human girl with the desert colored hair and hazel green eyes. She wasn't looking at him, but at something in her hands, or more accurately the lack of something in her hands. She wriggled her fingers a few times as if to feel something that wasn't there. A look of horror crossed her face as she realized her hands were empty. She looked up slowly and he was the first thing she saw. She jumped back and screamed. \"Ah! You! You're not-you can't be—\" she stammered. Then she seemed to become aware of her surroundings for the first time. \"…Where am I? There is no way I just… AAAAHH!\" She jumped again when she saw the scaled wolf demons that were starting to gather their courage (indeed if creatures such as they could be described as having courage). A loud tolling chime rang out through the plains just then. The light must have alerted Falkor and Bahzha, who in turn must have seen the encroachers. Now they were sounding the alarm and the Plains People were springing into action. Acting quickly, Atreyu leaped to his feet and took the girl by the wrist. \"Run!\" Whatever shock might have taken her, the girl at least didn't need any reinforcement on that front. They broke through the ranks of the still stunned demons who gathered their senses and took off in pursuit. They closed in quickly, but by that time Atreyu and Adair had reached the village where the men and some of the older boys were engaging the demons with spears in hand. The women were charged with gathering the children and protecting them. \"Falkor!\" Atreyu cried, calling out to his friend. The Luckdragon knew what to do. He inhaled deep through his snout and then blew in a stream of azure fire that lit up the night. Falkor's blue flames cooled to red and gold when they ignited the ground. In one mighty breath he had created a circle of fire around the entire village, keeping the demons that had not already entered at bay with a wall of flames. Many of the hounds were caught in the fire and writhed in pain on the ground before vanishing into smoke. But the spears of the Plains people could only stun the creatures with wounds, and no matter where they struck they did not seem capable of inflicting a fatal blow. The Luckdragon's fire seemed to burn them as it would burn any other, and this gave Atreyu an idea. Still leading Adair by the hand he dashed back to the campfire where he and Bahzha had sat together mere minutes ago. Bahzha was doing his best to defend himself against one of the demons. Each one was easily the height of a man even on all fours. Already Bahzha had pierced its ribs three times, hoping to puncture a lung, but the creature only seemed more aggravated than ever. \"What are these things?\" Bahzha cried, catching sight of Atreyu. \"And who is she?\" This would have been an ideal time for Atreyu to say something to the effect of \"I told you so\". But at the moment they had bigger problems. Adair followed Atreyu as fast as her feet could carry her in complete silence. Of course her head was swarming with questions, but its funny how running for your life can put all of those on hold. \"Stay behind me human.\" Atreyu ordered, releasing his grip on her wrist. He snatched up a torch from where he had sat earlier and plunged it into the fire. The oil it was doused with over the binding of tinder made it ignite at once. With torch in one hand and knife in the other, he leaped to Bahzha's defense, keeping Adair in a guarded position. With a swift motion he swung the torch into the hound's face. The fire scorched its scaled snout right between its glowing eyes. Perhaps the most disturbing thing about these demons was that no wound inflicted on them seemed to bleed. It was like their being was hollow, void of any life. Just roiling gnashing forms of anger and bloodlust. The wolf demon yelped and leaped back, covering its face with its paws. Not giving it time to recuperate, Atreyu plunged his knife into the wound he had created. It evaporated without another sound. Adair caught another on her flank and her shriek of terror alerted Atreyu. As it bounded into the air with its powerful hind legs, he swung himself protectively in front of Adair. With all the might in his young and practiced arm he thrust the firelight into the heart of its maw, burning it from the inside out. It vanished before it hit the ground. Atreyu called to Bahzha. \"Fire lets us hurt them! Our spears can't kill them on their own! Tell the others! GO!\" Bahzha left at once, pausing only to gather a torch for himself. In a short time the men had each armed themselves with torches as well as spears, and the women had built fires around themselves and the children, using their own torches to create a defense. While the fire gave the Plainsmen at least something to fight the intruders with, it by no means gave them an advantage. The demons had the advantage in numbers, and they attacked in packs of three or four at once. The Plainsmen had already sustained casualties. As valiantly as they fought, some of them were dragged off into the darkness by the jaws of the awful creatures. Falkor was their greatest ally at this time. His wall of fire had kept the greater number of the demon pack outside the boundaries of the village, and as he swooped overhead with his blue fiery breath he felled many of them. But suddenly Falkor was pulled violently from the sky by some invisible force. He fell to the earth with a mighty crash. He struggled to return to the sky, but he found that his arms and legs had been bound by transluscent threads as hard as wires. From the edge of the village, someone or something was lashing these same threads back and forth across the ground to clear a path through the wall of fire. Like the lash of a whip the cords cleared an opening just large enough for the waiting pack to burst through. And with the Luckdragon still down there was nothing to stop them from surrounding the village. The men were soon pressed back and cornered to the place where the women had gathered the children. And with all of them gathered in once place, the orchestrater of the attack saw fit to show his face. And for a moment, all the village was silent as death. Even the children who had been crying into their mother's laps stilled themselves. A pack of black wolves with white scaled faces flanked a tall dark figure dressed in black leather trousers and boots with cruel steel spikes on their heels. He wore a black leather coat that hugged his waist and fell to his knees, but was left open to reveal a bare chest. And from his hands writhed a series of white cables which he lashed back and forth as though he were a lion tamer cornering a beast. \"Well, well, well,\" he crooned in a shrill voice. \"I didn't think much of it when I was ordered to burn the settlements of the Plains People. Who would believe my luck that I should meet none other than Atreyu, the famed hero of Fantasia. How the threads of fate do tease.\" Atreyu was already at the front of the lineup with dagger and torch at the ready. He bared his teeth when he saw who led the pack. \"Chember!\" he snarled. \"You're in charge of these things?\" \"I wouldn't say that.\" The man reached for the nearest one and stroked its snout. \"More like they're on loan.\" Adair peered over Atreyu's shoulder which is where she had ended up when they had been cornered. She squinted to get a better look at the man who led the demon hounds and had to stifle a gasp. He could hardly be described as a man at all. What she had first thought was pale flesh exposed in the opening of his long coat was in truth covered in plated segments like the shell of a crab. It looked lumpy and jagged. What she had believed to be his hair was actually a row of leathery tentacles sprouting from the crown of his head and slicked back like corn rows. Instead of a nose he had three horizontal nostrils stacked on top of one another. The worst was his eyes. They were black where they should have been white, with glowing red pupiless irises, smattered with poisonous yellow specks. The villain sniffed suddenly with his strange nostrils he had in place of a nose as though he had caught a peculiar scent. \"Now what is that? It doesn't smell like the Plains. And its not the Luckdragon either. Now what could it be?\" At last those horrible red and yellow eyes came to rest on Adair who shrunk back from their venomous gaze. \"As I live and breathe. This evening just keeps getting better. Atreyu, you've brought another human to Fantasia!\" He laughed a high piercing laugh and took a step forward. Atreyu drew himself sharply in front of Adair and held his knife out. The other Plainsmen followed his example and drew themselves closer about her. She was inclined to let them shield her. She still hadn't a clue what was going on. Chember grinned with two rows of teeth as narrow and sharp as needles. He licked his lips with a long black tongue that she could see was narrow and forked like a snake's. \"Am I inclined to believe you're going to stand in my way?\" To this, Atreyu merely lowered himself to a ready stance. This didn't deter Chember any. In fact it seemed to excite him. \"Very well. Continue on my pets. But Atreyu is mine.\" Then with a flick of his whip, the hounds resumed their attack and the village was drowned in roars and screams once more. Every able bodied man and woman fought ferociously to defend themselves and the children from the pack. Atreyu leaped forward with his dagger, but Chember lashed his cords at him, coiling them around his wrist, swinging the boy mid-charge in the other direction. But Atreyu had another weapon; the torch. When Chember pulled the restraint tight, Atreyu held the fire to it. His adversary recoiled as his cords ignited. Freeing himself from his grip, Atreyu lunged again, but found his dagger blocked. The cords in Chember's hand had woven themselves together and hardened into a long pointed spike. With one in each hand he came at Atreyu fiercely, laughing as he pushed him back. Chember and Atreyu had met before in the young warrior's sojourn across Fantasia, and they were on par with one another as far as skill. Chember was a creature of darkness and as such had been dreamed up as bloodthirsty and vicious as they come. Killing was an art to him. It excited the same way an athlete took to a sport. But what Atreyu lacked in Chember's finesse he made up for in ferocity and focus. But here is where the boy and the villain differed the greatest; Chember liked to cheat. Unknown to Atreyu, Chember had signalled one of the demons to circle around them, and when Atreyu had his back to it with all his focus centered on Chember, the blackguard gave the unspoken order for it to attack the boy from behind. It collided into the young warrior's back with such force that he was thrown forward. He held fast to his dagger, but the torch was flung from his grasp. He gasped for breath, but what little he had left was kicked swiftly from him as Chember swung his boot into his ribs. Adair flinched as the torch rolled to her feet. Thus far she had been nearly immobile unless prompted to move. The sudden shock of her new surroundings and the fear of the abrupt attack by creatures that seemed to have leaped from her nightmares had nearly numbed her completely. But she'd had time by now to gather her bearings, and here she found that there was something even stronger than her fear; outrage and adrenaline. And seeing Atreyu face down in immediate danger was enough to bolster her resolve at least as far as retrieving the fallen torch. Chember had been so drunk with bloodlust in his battle with Atreyu that he hadn't spared another thought for Adair, discounting her as a frightened weakling that he would collect as a spoil of victory when he was finished. That's why when he raised one of his spikes, poised to bring it down on Atreyu's head, he didn't see Adair with the torch until she swung it with all the force she could muster into his stomach. Chember wheezed and staggered back, but she didn't give him any time to catch his breath. Winding her arm back for a second blow, she swung the torch into his face. Chember clasped a pale hand over his face, but instead of a cry of pain, Adair heard only a low chuckle. \"Oh, I'm sorry pretty girl. You wanted to play too didn't you.\" He lowered his hand and centered those eyes on her again. A terrible burn mark stretched down the side of his face, but that didn't slow him a bit. Those horrible red and yellow eyes were so jarring that Adair paused, transfixed by that horrid gaze. This would have been the end for her had it not been for Atreyu, and as we'll soon find this saying would be true for her for quite a while longer to come. Chember's first step towards Adair became his last. Atreyu who still lay stomach down on the ground brought his knife down hard into the villain's boot. This time Chember did shriek in agony. Atreyu left his knife where it was and jumped to his feet, catching both of Chember's wrists in his hands, using all of his strength to try and grapple the murderer to the ground. As Atreyu wrestled with his enemy, Adair became aware of the other danger. The wolf that had tackled Atreyu before was now right behind her. She could feel its breath on her neck and hear its low growl. Its breath wasn't warm and moist like a dog's breath. Instead it carried a chill like the air in a musty attic, and smelled just as foul. She turned slowly to face those glowing green eyes at the top of that pale scaled muzzle surrounded by matted black fur. The worst part to her was that she couldn't even scream. She couldn't move, couldn't even form a coherent thought in her head because this creature filled with more terror than even its master. The wolf licked its chops. The torch fell from Adair's hands and clattered uselessly to the ground. Then suddenly she found it was gone. The green eyes, the stretching jaws, the rancid breath were suddenly gone, vanished before her eyes. Or at least that is what she believed. In truth it had been carried off in the the talons of a mighty bird that was easily the same size, and then dropped into the fire that still blazed around much of the village where it would gnash its teeth no more. Now because the tribes of the Plains People preffered to be solitary and apart from much of the rest of Fantasia, a flight from the Ivory Tower to their grasslands is usually a journey of many days and nights. However, for practiced flyers and elite soldiers such as those that flew under the command of General Heremoor, and guided by the magic winds of the Autumn Fairy Court, the flight to the plains could be made in a miraculously short time. All over the village the demon hounds were being snatched up in the talons of the mighty eagles. Upon each rode one of General Heremoor's valiant soldiers. And one by one they were dropped howling from great heights, or straight into the flames. Chember snarled as he saw his forces being picked off and licked his sharp teeth with his black forked tongue, lowering his frenzied gaze once more to Atreyu who still held him fast. \"Perhaps another time.\" Then with a howl of pain he jerked his wounded foot upward, ripping Atreyu's knife from where it had him pinned, and drove his knee into Atreyu's stomach. Pausing only long enough to tear the dagger from his foot, Chember placed two fingers into his mouth and whistled. One of the hounds broke ranks with the others and bounded toward him. Chember leaped onto his back and held tightly to its night black fur. The coward rode away from the village, turning back to use his cords to lash away any eagle riders that gave chase. Soon he reached the edge of the plains and his path was lost in the mountains. Adair cast her eyes around to see the eagle riders landing. Their riders were clad in bright white and gold armor that clattered loudly when they slid off their winged mounts. The Plainsmen welcomed them gladly, shaking hands and offering thanks for their assistance. A sudden fluttering noise right by her ear startled Adair so greatly that she tripped backwards and fell into a sitting position. She looked up to see a tiny pair of sparkling brown eyes with flecks of green around the edges looking down at her. They belonged to a very small woman who couldn't be more than a foot tall. She wore a dress that seemed to be made of autumn colored leaves that fell to her knees and left her dainty feet bare. In her long curling brown hair she wore a crown made from the same kind of leaves. She was held in the air by a pair of wings that resembled a Monarch Butterfly's, but their edges were rigid like the leaves. Those wings had been the source of the fluttering that had startled her. The fairy spoke in a voice that was light and breathy and highly excitable like a playful wind and carried a musical tone in it like wind chimes. \"It's true! There is a human in Fantasia!\" \"Then we got here just in time.\" Said a much deeper voice. Adair looked to the fairy's left to see a mountain of a man clad in the same gold and white armor as the other eagle riders, but this one wore a long flowing cloak of pure white, and his shoulder guards were molded to look like glaring multi-rayed suns. This man had to be the leader. He had a square jaw and a hard brow that made his clear green eyes look like two jade stones set into a statue. His blond hair was long and swept back, gathered at the middle of his back by a set of leather thongs. In a movement so swift she didn't even have time to be surprised, he fell to one knee and gathered one of her hands in both of his to pay her a great show of respect. \"Truly an honor to meet you.\" Adair didn't like the attention. She'd never liked any kind of attention truthfully. So this man's sudden reverence at their first meeting made her wildly uncomfortable. \"Um… Sure. And you are?\" \"General Heremoor of the Shining City of the Never Setting Sun, and Captain of the Ivory Tower's Guard, defender and shield of her majesty the Childlike Empress. And your most humble servant.\" Adair was thankful she didn't have to reply to that because a third voice brought her back to her senses and caught the attention of the other two. It was Atreyu's. \"General Heremoor, we of the Plains People thank you for your assistance.\" At the sound of that voice, Heremoor's eyes seemed to glow and become even more intense than they already were. \"ATREYU!\" Again Adair was surprised by how swiftly the man could move despite his size and the heavy armor he wore. He leaped back to his feet and swept Atreyu up in a crushing embrace, lifting his feet off the ground. \"Most valiant warrior in all of Fantasia! Trusted and honored champion of the Childlike Empress! How brave of you and your people to face such insurmountable odds from such nightmarish creatures! We saw the fires in the distance and flew as swiftly as we could to your aid! How I wish we could have gotten here sooner! But, to see you going toe to toe with the butcher who led this assault all on your own in the defense of your people and this beautiful young woman!\" Adair could scarcely believe it, but it seemed there were actual tears spilling from the giant knight's eyes. \"I shall praise the Empress' name forever and ever that I was fortunate enough to know a young man of such incomparable valor!\" Now that Adair was able to get a better look at him, Atreyu looked to be roughly the same age as her. But as he squirmed to escape Heremoor's tightening embrace it made him look like a small child. The man completely dwarfed him. \"General… You're crushing me.\" He wheezed. \"Ah yes of course. My apologies.\" Heremoor released him at once and Atreyu dropped unceremoniously to the ground. The eagle riding knights and the rest of the Plains Tribe had begun to gather around them and whispered among them. Adair got to her feet and dusted herself off only to find that all their eyes were on her. The sun was beginning to creep over the horizon and she could see more clearly now and denial pounded in her thoughts as she began to recognize the Plains Village exactly as she had pictured it. The huts were fashioned from thick purple buffalo hair, and the people were all dressed in soft leathers with olive toned skin and dark hair. She recognized Bahzha who had been described as the tallest of the tribe, staring out her with his mouth hanging open. She almost yelped when she saw Falkor's lionish face peering up over the crowd, resting his great glittering ruby eyes on her. The Knights were not so uniform. Though they all wore the same armor but many of them didn't appear as human-like as Heremoor. Some had the head of a fox, others a boar, and some even bore the scaled faces of a lizard. And peppered about the gathering, flitting in and out of sight were small fairies like the one that had first startled her. They wore clothes made of leaves and vines and grass and flowers, and their skins ranged anywhere from deep chesnut to hunter's green. \"Atreyu!\" someone called over the gathering throng as they pushed their way through to the front. It was a Plains Girl with white feathers with black tips tied into her dark hair by a leather band. She rushed to Atreyu's side where he still lay on the ground where Heremoor had dropped him. She dropped to her knees and began to fuss over him. \"Are you hurt?\" \"I'm fine Deisha.\" He assured her, shrugging her off and getting back to his feet. Adair felt her breath catch in her throat when he stepped in front of her and they stood face to face. This was the first time she had really gotten to see him, at least in good light and not in the middle of a frenzied pack of wolves that wanted to kill them. If she had continued denying even after all she'd seen, the doubt was shattered when their eyes met. This was the boy she had seen when she'd first begun reading. His image had been burned into her brain clearly and though he was bruised and battle weary, he was true to that vision in every detail. His raven hair and dark eyes that carried a hunter's gaze were the same. There was no fighting it anymore. She had entered the world in the book. \"Forgive me.\" Atreyu said suddenly, and she realized he'd been staring at her for awhile not saying anything. \"We haven't really met yet. I am Atreyu of the Plains.\" He extended a hand to her. She looked at the offered hand then back to his eyes. For some reason she didn't feel anxious to have him looking at her. In fact she'd completely forgotten all the other eyes that were still glued to her. \"I'm Adair.\" She said, taking his hand. As they shook, she would never know why but she felt compelled to finish. \"Adair Alicia Artemis.\" He grinned a small half-smile. \"Well Adair Alicia Artemis, welcome to Fantasia.\" The knights of Heremoor's eagle riders, the fairies, and the tribe of Plains People were abuzz with excitement and curiosity. Inside the largest hut in the village, the tribe's elders had convened with General Heremoor and the Queen of the Autumn Court whose name Adair had learned was Octavia. Among the Plainsmen in attendance gathered in the great round hut were various clan leaders including Bahzha, the shaman woman, and lastly Atreyu. Atreyu, though still young was considered by his tribe of the same rank as a chief due to his bravery and accomplishments as their greatest warrior. So it was only natural that he be present at this council. Adair was present because, much to her chagrinne, she was the very reason for this meeting. The pit in the center of the hut that had housed a crackling fire at the meeting's start was now nothing more than a pile of smoldering embers. Octavia who remained hovering a few feet above the ground floated to Adair. \"Tell us once more, how did you come to Fantasia?\" \"I've already told you everything.\" Adair replied with no small amount of frustration. \"I stole the book from the creepy old man's shop and ran straight back to my Aunt's house. I started reading about Atreyu and I just kind of found myself here when he was fighting those things.\" \"You didn't see anyone else?\" The mighty General Heremoor prodded. \"You didn't see the Childlike Empress?\" \"No. The book talked about her a little bit, but I have no idea who she is, just that she's kind of important.\" \"Kind of important?\" the General thundered inignantly, rising quickly to his feet. \"She is the source of all life in Fantasia! She is at the very center of our world!\" \"Calm yourself General.\" Octavia said in a sweet voice. \"She's only a child. She can't be expected to know of such things.\" \"Even the smallest child in Fantasia knows this!\" \"Indeed, every child in Fantasia is taught to love and respect our Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes.\" Octavia reasoned. \"But this child is of the Human World. And keep your voice down. This is supposed to be a secret council.\" Adair didn't know what she disliked more; the way that the old man in the shop had said she looked old, or the way these people kept referring to her as a child. General Heremoor folded his arms and sat back down. The Fairy floated to another corner of the hut. \"This is very strange. No one has ever entered Fantasia save by the whim of the Childlike Empress. But Adair seems to have found herself here as if by accident.\" \"Nothing in Fantasia is an accident Milady Octavia.\" Said one of the eldest chieftans among the Plainsmen. He had a face as weathered and set as the bark on a tree, and his once dark hair was almost completely white. \"Everything happens for a reason.\" \"I'm only stating that her coming is most unusual. Atreyu, you have walked with humans more than anyone here. What do you make of Adair's story?\" Atreyu had scarcely taken his eyes off of Adair. She saw him looking at her everytime she looked up at where he sat across from her in the circle and found herself quickly looking away. And up until now he'd barely spoken. His dark eyes were unreadable as they studied her. They looked too old to be set into his boyish face. \"Bastian mentioned being led into Fantasia by a book. But he was guided here by reading about my quest, and then led in by Moon Child. Adair's coming…\" He paused, considering his words carefully. \"It all seems too fast.\" The hard faced chieftan spoke again. \"Many of Moon Child's decisions are not easily understood.\" \"But this seems strange even for her. Adair didn't even receive the AURYN from her as Bastian did, and every other Human who entered Fantasia before him.\" \"Bastian?\" Adair thought out loud as something in her memory nagged at her to pull it out. \"Yes.\" Atreyu answered. \"The last human to come to Fantasia. Bastian Balthazar Bux.\" Her jaw dropped. \"That's the crazy old man that I got the book from!\" Atreyu looked confused. \"Old man? You must be mistaken. Bastian is no older than I am.\" \"No I don't think so. There's no way there are two guys with a name that ridiculous.\" Though Adair was hardly in the position to criticize names herself. \"That must have been why he didn't want me to read it.\" \"That's not possible.\" The boy said flatly. \"If the man you met really was Bastian he would have wanted you to have the book. He knows Humans need to come to Fantasia and make both worlds well again.\" \"Well he knocked me over trying to get it back.\" Adair answered sharply. Octavia's eyes took on a look of keen curiosity. \"If he didn't want you to read it, then why did you?\" \"What? I don't know.\" \"Adair,\" the fairy prodded, and Adair was reminded suddenly of her Aunt Rosemary. \"Was there someone else who wanted you to read the book.\" The question brought back the chilling memory of the strange girl Adair had met in the bookshop; the one with the purple streak in her hair. For some reason, that doll-like face made her shudder thinking about it. \"There was a girl. She told me I'd never find another book like it. Not in all the world.\" She echoed the strange girl's declaration almost word for word and from that she gained an understanding of why Octavia had asked. Had the girl been the reason she read the book and found herself here? It's true she'd felt compelled by that statement to at least give the book a try. But that wasn't why she'd continued reading. She'd kept reading because… she felt heat rise in her face when the thought struck her and it sounded silly in her head. \" I kept reading because I saw Atreyu.\" \"Girl?\" General Heremoor asked. \"Who was she? What did she look like?\" \"Weird.\" Adair said honestly. \"I didn't get a name, she was just weird. She had a purple streak in her hair.\" \"It's a vague description.\" Heremoor mused. \"Could it have been one of the Creatures of Darkness?\" \"I don't believe so.\" Octavia answered. \"How could one of them leave Fantasia? Not once in all of existence has anything that belongs to Fantasia crossed the threshold into the Human World. Not even the Childlike Empress is capable of that. Only a human can travel to and from the two worlds. Shaman Ze'hara, what do you make of this?\" The autumn fairy addressed a Plainswoman arrayed in a bucksin dress with strings of beads hanging around the permimiter of her neckline. She looked to be about the same age as Aunt Rosemary and her lips were pursed and serious. Her eyes however had a distant look in them. She was a shaman of Atreyu's tribe. From what Adair knew of that term she was supposed to be some spiritual leader who received visions and such. Something of that nature was hard for her to swallow even in Fantasia. The beads that hung from her dress clattered as she rose to her feet. Ze'hara was a tall woman, and very thin, all angles and limbs. Her dark hair hung below her waist and was draped around her shoulders like a cloak. She reached into a small leather pouch that hung from her belt and pulled out a strange powder that had a purplish hue. She gathered it in her palm and held it to her lips. She stepped in front of Adair and crouched to get near her face. Adair tried to protest this invasion of her space as well as the use of this substance on her, but Ze'hara ignored her and blew the purple dust right into her face. She coughed as the dust filled her nose and settled on her hair and clothes. Ze'hara's eyes were wide, boring into her like the woman was trying to see through her. \"Atreyu is right.\" She said in a low voice. \"Too fast. It was not Moon Child's whim that brought her here, but the will of another. I can feel a dark energy all around her. It's all twisted and wrong like the branches of a tree that has lived too long. It is not of Fantasia.\" \"Not of Fantasia?\" Atreyu breathed. \"Then where did it come from? Is it like the demons?\" \"Unsure.\" Ze'hara replied. Adair shifted uncomfortably under her piercing gaze. The shaman lifted a hand to her own eye and wiped a tear away from her cheek. She stared at it in surprise as if she wasn't aware she had begun crying. \"What is it Ze'hara?\" the old chieftan asked. Ze'hara lowered her gaze back to Adair. \"This child has suffered. There is great pain roiling in her heart like the waves of an ocean. She's spent much time trying to freeze it, and in so doing has built a wall of ice around herself.\" For the first time the woman's face softened in sympathy. But to Adair that was worse than her blazing intensity. She flinched as the woman reached to place a hand on the side of her face. \"My child what happened to you?\" Adair felt a surge of resentment rise inside her, and she felt it rise in her face, but she quickly forced it back down. \"I think you're all right. I don't think I'm supposed to be here. So how about one of you whip up some big magical wardrobe or a rabbit hole or something and get me back to my world.\" They all looked at her in confusion, and that was how she liked it. No one understood her and she didn't want them to. Octavia shook her head sadly. \"That is not in our power. As I said, we cannot cavort between worlds. Only you may do that. If you wish to return you must find your own way back.\" \"How am I supposed to do that when I don't even know how I got here?\" \"Moon Child.\" All eyes turned to Atreyu. \"Moon Child can help. She must know how to get you back to the Human world. We need to go to the Ivory Tower.\" Octavia and General Heremoor exchanged a glance. It was subtle, but Atreyu caught it. \"Would the Childlike Empress see her?\" \"Who can say?\" Octavia replied cryptically. Atreyu eyed them both with an air of suspcion. \"I've heard in my travels that it's been a long time since anyone has seen or heard from the Childlike Empress. Some say it's been years since the Magnolia Pavilion has opened. Why do you think that is?\" \"The Empress' decisions are her own.\" Heremoor remarked sternly. \"It is not for us to question the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes.\" \"I wasn't questioning Moon Child. I only wanted to know why no one has heard from her.\" The knight and the fairy didn't seem to have an answer, but Atreyu seemed to think they were holding something back. \"Will Moon Child see Adair?\" General Heremoor's eyes were two emerald stones as he stared back at Atreyu and said nothing. Octavia looked from the General to Atreyu, and then to Adair. \"Adair Alicia Artemis is the first Human to enter Fantasia in years.\" Heremoor said finally. \"It makes sense that the Empress would wish to see her.\" Once more the General was on his feet, and then in the next instant was kneeling in front of Adair again, swallowing her hand in both of his. His jade green eyes glistened as they looked at her. \"I would be honored if you would allow me to escort you to the Ivory Tower my lady.\" \"Um… sure?\" Adair replied, but she didn't sound sure at all. \"But General, what of Chember?\" Octavia interrupted, hovering just over the knight's shoulder. \"Shouldn't your forces give chase? If you capture him he might be able to tell us more about the demons that have been attacking.\" \"By the light of the AURYN you're right!\" General Heremoor's head nearly hit the roof as he bolted to his feet again and Adair guessed it would have burst through the hut if it had. \"The scoundrel is making his escape into the mountains as we speak! By now he could be coaching those filthy mongrels into attacking another settlement! We should leave at once! But then what of Adair? It's far too dangerous to allow her to travel on her own. Fantasia is dangerous even in the best of times.\" He spread his arms passionately. \"Adventure, beauty, and danger around every corner, under every rock, over every mountain, in every valley! That is the majesty of this great land that we love! But without a guide I shudder to think of what could befall young Adair if she travels on her own, especially in these uncertain times.\" \"I'll go.\" Atreyu offered. Bahzha turned his head and looked at his young friend curiously. \"But Atreyu, what about the stories?\" \"They can wait. This is more important.\" \"That settles it then!\" Heremoor boomed. In one move he wrapped an arm tightly around Atreyu, lifting him off the ground again. \"Atreyu you are a shining example of chivalry and bravery!\" Adair nearly yelped as the giant man caught her in the same hold. \"Lady Adair you are in the most capable hands in all of Fantasia! With Atreyu as your guide you will arrive at the Ivory Tower safe and sound in no time. I wish the both of you safe travels.\" \"Yeah,\" Adair groaned under the strain of his grip. \"but if you don't put me down I'll croak before we even leave.\" \"Understood.\" Both Atreyu and Adair dropped to the ground as Heremoor released them. \"My Eagle Riders shall take flight after Chember at once! We'll get to the heart of these monstrosities plaguing our great land even if we have to wring it from him! Octavia, you and your people must report everything to the Ivory Tower. Return at once.\" He ordered as he left the hut. Octavia nodded. \"Understood. Atreyu, do you wish for one of my court to remain with you to speed your journey?\" \"No thank you Milady.\" Atreyu declined respectfully. \"I don't want to risk drawing too much attention. Chember knows Adair is here, so it's safe to assume the other Creatures of Darkness will learn as well. Don't worry, Falkor will be with us.\" Octavia smiled. \"Well my court may be swift, but they're hardly a match for a Luckdragon. Safe travels Atreyu and Adair. I will see to it we are ready when you arrive.\" And with that, the fairy vanished. Because fairies are so small and so in tune with nature, the eyes of a fairy are capable of catching small things that are easily overlooked by most others. This is why they are privvy to all the secret pathways in the world and can travel great distances in the blink of an eye. It had taken an hour guiding General Heremoor's troops from the Ivory Tower to the Plains. But since they now travelled on their own, Octavia and her court had already returned and were telling the council everything that had happened on the Plains. \"Come on.\" Atreyu motioned for Adair to follow him. \"We'll need to gather some provisions. It's a long flight to the Ivory Tower.\" \"Uh, flight?\" Adair suddenly felt queasy. He looked back at her as if that had been obvious. \"How else did you think we were going to get there?\" \" Our Mom left for the city already. Adair's in her room.\" Brian answered in a bored tone. He and Jamie were unwinding from shooting each other with their ray-guns to shooting at soldiers in a video game in the living room. Baby Lizzie sat transfixed by the television. \" Alright thanks buddy.\" Jason nodded. \"Any closer to beating my high score?\" \" I cleaned you off the scoreboard last week.\" \" No you didn't Brian.\" Jamie giggled. \"You threw the remote across the room because you died like fifty times.\" The TV made a blaster noise and Jamie's onscreen soldier persona fell dead to the ground, shot by his own brother out of spite. Lizzie pointed at the screen. \"Uh-oh.\" Jamie glowered at Brian. \"You suck.\" Jason chuckled as he started upstairs. \"Keep trying guys. Someday you might be half as awesome as me.\" \" Tell Adair she still needs to do the kitchen!\" Brian called after him with a smirk. Jason reached Adair's bedroom and knocked once. \"Adair? Sorry I'm late. It took me longer than I thought. I think I've permanently left my mark on Huffman's room.\" There was no answer. \" Adair?\" He knocked again, then turned the knob. \"You asleep?\" He let himself into her room expecting to find her crashed out on her bed. But the only one he found curled up on the bed was her cat Iole. And beside her rested an open book. Adair was nowhere to be found.[Chapter 4] Chapter 3: The Vampiress C ats in general were not friendly with Jason. He was more of a dog person. And even though he'd been friends with Adair for the longest time, her cat Iole had always brushed him off as cold as any captain of the cheer squad. So he didn't really spare her much more than a glance. He reached into his pocket and dialed Adair in his contacts. He waited but it went straight to her voice mail. It didn't even ring. He texted her instead, asking where she was. Then he turned to leave and see if Brian or Jamie knew where she might have gone. As he made the first step he was startled by a small tugging at his jeans. He looked down. Iole had leaped from the bed and latched her claws onto his jeans. She released her hold on him and jumped back onto the bed where the book still lay open. He shook his head. \" Stupid cat.\" He made to leave again, but once more Iole was on the floor tugging on his leg. And once more she jumped back onto the bed. This time the white cat tapped the book with her black paw. \" Alright, this is weird.\" He decided to give into her and made a seat for himself on the bed. He took the book in his hands and opened it. Adair shook her head vigorously. Jason dropped the book at once. Adair? That couldn't be right. He looked back at the cat who was regarding him more carefully than she ever had before. \" What do you know?\" The cat simply stared back at him. She seemed to share the same feeling he had; he was going crazy. There was no way Adair was actually in the book. It had to be a coincidence. Maybe she'd taken his advice about finding a book that reached out to her and picked a book with a heroine that had the same name as her. It was an odd coincidence, but it wasn't too far of a stretch. Then again, she still wasn't here. He shook his head and opened the book again. He'd see, he told himself, the Adair in the book was not really his friend. Adair shook her head vigorously. \"I'm not getting on that thing.\" \"This thing ,\" Atreyu retorted sounding highly offended \"has a name. Falkor, this is Adair. We're taking her to the Ivory Tower.\" \"Pleased to meet you.\" The great Luckdragon winked with one of his glistening ruby eyes, not sounding offended at all by Adair's rudeness. \"I already told you, there's no way I'm flying on him. I don't fly period. Seriously the last time I flew I passed out, and that was in a plane. I don't want to pass out on a flying lion.\" \"Luckdragon.\" Falkor corrected her. \"Whatever.\" \"You've flown on plains before?\" Atreyu asked in bewilderment. \"How can the plains in your world fly? Isn't that dangerous?\" Adair shook her head realizing her mistake. \"Not plain like here, a plane . It's a big metal bird that people fly inside.\" \"You fly inside a giant bird? That sounds awful.\" \"Rest assured young lady, I'm a lot safer than any metal bird.\" Falkor promised in his deep bronze voice. \"You can trust me.\" \"Was the last human this whiny Atreyu?\" someone called rudely as she brushed past Adair. It was the Plains girl that had rushed to Atreyu after the battle to see if he'd been injured. She had a bow and a quiver of arrows strapped to her back and was carrying a leather pouch in her hands. She stalked to Falkor's flank and began securing it to where Atreyu had already tied their provisions. \"What do you think you're doing Deisha?\" Atreyu took her by the arm before she'd finished. \"What does it look like? I'm packing my things to go with you.\" \"No you're not.\" Atreyu said firmly. \"I think I am. Look at her. Does she look like she's going to be much help if you're attacked? You're going to need someone to watch your back if you run into more of those demons.\" \"Falkor and I can handle ourselves just fine.\" \"Your bruises from last night tell a different story.\" Deisha retorted, placing a hand on her hip. \"You're getting too reckless and sooner or later your luck is going to run out. No offense Falkor.\" She rubbed the Luckdragon's hide. \"None taken.\" Falkor bellowed. Atreyu sighed. \"No. It's too dangerous.\" \"It's no different than hunting the purple buffalo. Besides…\" Deisha dropped her voice as if she were trying to keep Adair from hearing. She heard anyway. \"You heard what Ze'hara said about her.\" Atreyu narrowed his eyes. \"That was a secret council. Why were you listening?\" She fumed at him. \"Because I knew what it meant. That you were going to get caught up in this mess and take off again after you just got here! You're always doing that, and whenever you leave, each 'adventure' you go on is more dangerous than the last one. You never take any thought for what it would do to… the rest of us if something were to happen to you. You're right. It's dangerous out there, especially right now and I'm not waiting around and worrying about you this time.\" Adair interrupted them. \"You know all the arguing is just wasting time, and it doesn't change the fact that I'm not flying on Falkor.\" \"It'll waste time if we go on foot.\" Atreyu shot back. \"I don't care, I'm keeping my feet on solid ground!\" Deisha groaned. \"You're really going to trust your life to this mouse?\" \"No one asked you to come. If you've got a problem with me you can leave.\" \"I'm coming because I have a problem with you human. I heard what Ze'hara said and I don't trust you!\" \"For the last time Deisha, you're not coming!\" A roar sounded out through the whole village that was strong enough to shake the huts. \"CHILDREN!\" All three of them snapped their attention to Falkor. The Luckdragon took a deep breath to calm himself. \"Atreyu I think we need to think more of Adair's safety. I don't think it would hurt to have an extra bow with us. Adair, you're not the first to have a problem with flying that I've met, and while I don't understand it in the least I'll try to be sensitive. I'll stay low and start slow until you get used to it, and we can stop and rest whenever you like. Deisha, I'll support your decision to come so long as you curb that tongue of yours and keep whatever misgivings you have against Adair to yourself. Now are we all in agreement?\" Atreyu nodded grudgingly. Deisha gave Adair one last bitter glance and nodded. Adair narrowed her hazel green eyes at Deisha and brushed her sand colored hair from her face. Her fear of flying was suddenly overcome by a new found animosity for the Plains girl. \"Sounds good to me. Fly as fast as you want.\" I'll just make sure that when I blow chunks it'll be in her hair. Whatever doubt had still lingered in Jason it was gone now. This girl was definitely Adair. Atreyu helped Adair climb onto Falkor's back and Deisha followed behind her. He went to check the provisions and secure his bow and his dagger. As he finished the preparations he stopped by Falkor's ear and whispered. \"Are you sure this is a good idea?\" \"You know Deisha.\" Falkor said in as low of a voice as he could. \"She'd have held onto my tail and not let go if we hadn't agreed to let her come, and nothing you could do or say would make her let go.\" \"Falkor it's bad enough that we have to put up with Adair.\" \"You don't like her?\" \"I didn't say that.\" Atreyu answered defensively. \"Still, she's no Bastian. She seems so… hostile.\" \"I think a better term would be guarded.\" Falkor reasoned. \"You're right, she's no Bastian. Bastian at least knew a little of Fantasia before he came here. Adair hasn't a clue where she is and doesn't sound like she wants to be here as he did. She's frightened. You might want to be sensitive to that.\" \"Still, with both her and Deisha? We're going to have our hands full just keeping the peace between them. Deisha promised to keep quiet but we both know she can't keep her mouth shut. How are we going to make this work?\" \"Normally I'd answer 'with luck'. But…\" the Luckdragon hesitated. \"But?\" Atreyu asked. \"You need a lot more than luck when you're dealing with women.\" In spite of the anxiety he felt at Adair being trapped in a book and still trying to wrap his head around how that had happened, Jason had to admit he liked Falkor. Soon the four companions were flying over the landscape of Fantasia. It took a very long time because Falkor was forced to fly slowly for Adair's sake, but in time they left the grassy ocean of the plains behind them and crossed over into the range of the Silver Mountains. \"I think I'm going to be sick.\" Adair would say. Then Deisha would sigh. \"Oh for the love of the Empress, not again!\" Adair would glare over her shoulder. \"You know we could still throw you off.\" And then Deisha would answer back with something like \"I was going to say the same about you.\" And finally Atreyu would have to intervene. \"That's enough out of both of you! If we're going to make it there safely we'll have to work together.\" That would bring on an uneasy peace for a while, and Atreyu would be grateful for the silence. But once Adair began to feel sick again it would all start over. By the time they finally settled down to camp for the night, Atreyu had a pounding headache. They had at least reached the other side of the Silver Mountains when Falkor landed. Atreyu fashioned a small shelter while Deisha used some of the provisions they'd brought to cook a stew in a kettle over the fire they'd made. Adair hadn't eaten a thing since they'd left the village and was starving by this time. But the lingering queasiness from the flight left her staring hesitantly into the wooden bowl of stew Deisha had just given her. \"What?\" Deisha snapped. \"Are you going to complain about the food now?\" Adair glowered at her once and then began to spoon it little by little into her mouth. If she hadn't been so angry at her, Adair might have noticed that Deisha had some unusual features for a Plains girl that she hadn't seen in any of the women in Atreyu's village. She had the same deep tanned skin and black hair, but her eyes were green rather than dark, and her ears were leaf shaped. She'd come to learn later that Deisha's grandmother had been a famous Elf hunter before she fell in love with one of the Plainsmen. But that is another story and shall be told another time. Atreyu was just finishing staking down the tent. \"Leave her alone Deisha. It's been a long day for all of us and we're going to have another one tomorrow.\" \"It wouldn't be so long if someone could get some courage and let us fly.\" \"You were no better the first time I let you ride Falkor. Remember?\" Deisha tensed. \"You promised you'd never bring that up.\" Adair grinned darkly. \"What happened?\" \"Nothing.\" Deisha answered too quickly. \"She screamed and held onto me. I don't think she opened her eyes once. And when we landed she still wouldn't let go. I had to carry her back to her hut so her father could pry her off of me.\" He laughed and Deisha splattered him in the face with a spoonful of stew straight from the kettle. \"Ah! Deisha that's hot!\" \"Serves you right. I'm going to find some firewood.\" \"We have plenty.\" Atreyu pointed out, wiping his eyes. \"Well I'll get some for later then!\" She shouted and then stormed away from the campsite. Falkor breathed a heavy sigh. \"I think I'll head back into the mountains to sleep. I wouldn't want anyone who saw me find out where you've camped.\" \"Are you sure you'll be alright?\" Atreyu asked. Adair caught a hint of desperation in his voice. In truth he didn't want to be left alone to deal with the two of them. \"I'll be fine Atreyu. And with luck, so will you.\" The dragon winked and flew off into the sky. Adair watched him fly away. \"Why would anyone see Falkor sleep?\" \"Falkor sleeps in the air.\" Atreyu explained. Her eyes widened. \"Really?\" \"Even when he's asleep Falkor doesn't like to stay in one place too long. He won't even go inside a building no matter how big it is. He's only truly happy in the sky. In fact he's asleep right now.\" She wondered if she was ever going to get used to this place. It was only her first day in Fantasia and she hadn't even seen that much of it yet. But what she had seen made her feel very lost and confused like she could no longer trust the ground beneath her feet. \"How did you and Falkor meet?\" she asked. She'd been wondering how something that seemed as powerful and old was bound so strongly to someone as young as Atreyu. Falkor was clearly older maybe by hundreds of years for all she knew about Luckdragons, but from the way they spoke it was clear to her that Atreyu called the shots in their travels. Atreyu seemed caught off guard by her question. He and Falkor had been constant companions for so long now it was hard to remember anything before that. But the day they met had been such an incredible story he'd never forget it. \"I saved him from a Creature of Darkness named Ygramul the Many. I was on a quest. I was looking for her because I'd been told she was the only way to reach where I needed to go. When I arrived at her lair I found Falkor caught in her web while she tormented him.\" She tried to picture a younger Atreyu charging in to rescue Falkor from Ygramul who she pictured as a gigantic spider much bigger than even Falkor. \"How did you get him out?\" \"He sort of got himself out, but since it had been because of me that he learned how, he said that his life was mine. I was glad to have him around, but to tell you the truth he saved my life that day as well. And he's done it countless other times. He's the best friend and companion anyone could have. We've been all over Fantasia together.\" Adair found herself suddenly envious of Atreyu for two reasons. The first was that she envied his freedom. He seemed able to go and fly wherever and whenever he pleased while she was struggling to break out of a small town she hated and find a fresh start. The second thing she was jealous of was that he had a friend that understood him. \"What about you? Do you have a family in your world?\" She gave a start. \"Sort of.\" \"You said you live with your Aunt. What's she like?\" \"Controlling.\" She answered honestly. \"And she has three kids, all brats.\" Okay well Lizzie was only a baby and very affectionate, but Adair didn't hold much stock that she'd turn out any differently than her brothers. \"Why don't you live with your mother and father?\" Jason gripped the book tightly in his hands. No one, no one , not even he asked Adair about her parents. It was just not done. She closed her eyes. She'd been hoping he wouldn't ask that. What surprised her most was that he asked her in such a straight forward way, like it had never even occurred to him there was a reason she hadn't mentioned it herself. Normally she grew angry when someone brought up what she didn't want to talk about. But the way Atreyu had asked her and the mild way he was looking at her made it impossible for her to be angry at him. She was upset of course, but not angry. Still she felt her hand tighten into a fist. \"In my world,\" she said in a cold tone \"it's considered rude to ask people personal questions like that.\" Atreyu seemed a little hurt by the reprimand. \"I'm sorry. I was just trying to understand you a little better since we'll be travelling together. If you don't ask one another questions in your world then how do you come to know your friends?\" \"You don't.\" she said with an air of finality. If Atreyu had been a hot tempered person he may have brought up that she had been the first to start asking questions, but he wasn't. Courageous, daring, stubborn, outspoken, these were all terms that applied to him, but he was not short tempered. His experiences in Fantasia had helped him to develop great patience. And what was more, Ze'hara's words at the village played again in his head. This child has suffered greatly . She had said. She's spent much time trying to freeze it, but in so doing has built a wall of ice around herself. So instead of snapping back at her he nodded in understanding. He would just have to be patient. She would just have to tell him in her own time. She doesn't have to tell you at all! Jason thought bitterly. This Atreyu kid had known Adair for barely a day. What right did he have to try and pry into the deepest parts of her life that she never even shared with him? They'd known each other since the fourth grade and she had always kept that \"wall of ice\" as the little punk had called it up as a front. But there were times few and far between that she had let it down and Jason had been able to see the real Adair that was trying to break through and wake up. Then the ice would cover her again and she was all sarcasm and bitterness. But what he had seen was worth waiting for. So for that reason he'd remained her friend all these years trying to reach her, waiting for the day she'd finally let that guard down. This was why being forced to read Adair's peril rather than being there for her while she was forced to put her trust in a complete stranger was more than distressing for him. It was downright killing him. He shook his head. What little of the real Adair he knew had taken him almost seven years to discover. This Atreyu had another thing coming if he thought he was going to achieve that in a day. Atreyu's ears prickled at a quiet moaning sound. It was just on the edge of camp but it was coming closer. Adair noticed his change of mood. \"What is it?\" He held a hand up to quiet her so he could hear better. \"Someone's coming. It sounds like… crying.\" \"Deisha?\" she asked, though she couldn't really picture the short tempered plains girl crying for any reason. \"No. I can hear their footsteps and they sound very small.\" After straining her hearing Adair could hear the light sobbing as well. It definitely wasn't Deisha. A small flickering light glimmered at the edge of their camp. Atreyu jumped to his feet. \"It's a Will-o'-the-wisp.\" \"A what?\" \"A will-o'-the-wisp. They're tiny little sprites that like to play tricks on travelers by making them lose their way. They're normally full of energy, but this one's dragging its feet. Something must be wrong.\" At first all she could see was a little bulb of flickering light moving very slowly across the ground. It moved to the petrified stump of a tree and rested on top of it. Slowly Atreyu crept to where it rested and Adair mimicked his subtle movements. Will-o'-the-wisps as a general rule are not only mischievous; they can also be painfully shy. When they drew nearer Adair could see the silhouette of a tiny figure inside the ball of light that appeared to be very nimble. But right now they appeared forsaken and pathetic. If it were on its feet she guessed it'd barely reach her knee. \"What's wrong?\" The little will-o'-the-wisp gave a start when he heard Atreyu's voice. \"You should get out of here!\" it cried in an urgent whisper as though it were afraid someone might hear it. \"Why?\" Adair asked. \"It isn't safe. They've already got them all. They got her too, and it's all my fault. You need to get out of here before they catch you too.\" Atreyu held up his hands. \"Alright slow down. Who are they? And who are you?\" The will-o'-the-wisp sniffed and took a deep breath. \"Forgive me. My name is Blubb.\" \"Well Blubb, I see you're carrying a white flag with you. Are you a messenger?\" Blubb lifted the small white flag that had been resting across its lap that Adair hadn't noticed before and said with a small amount of pride \"Yes I am. My friends and I are the most famous messengers in all of Fantasia.\" Its shoulders slouched a little. \"Or at least we were.\" And all at once it began to sob again. \"Take it easy.\" Adair admonished. \"Just tell us what happened.\" \"Well, my friends and I were on our way to the Ivory Tower. We have a message for the Childlike Empress. We were just passing through the Whispering Woods when… SHE appeared.\" Adair and Atreyu exchanged glances. \"She?\" Blubb shivered. \"Shadeseeker.\" This didn't mean anything to Adair, but she could tell it meant something to Atreyu. \"Shadeseeker?\" \"She's a Creature of Darkness, a Witch, and a dangerous one. She's preyed on Fantasians for over a hundred years. She steals their life to keep herself young and beautiful.\" \"It was awful.\" Blubb whimpered. \"She descended on us with a group of… things! I don't know what else to call them! They're just not right!\" Adair looked to Atreyu and he nodded. \"Demons.\" \"Yes I suppose you could call them that. It certainly fits. She leads them, and she ordered them to capture us. She's taking them to a place called the Forest of Thorns. One of my friends is a Rock Biter so he made a huge fuss trying to protect us, but there were too many of them and in the end only I could get away. I wanted to go find them, but I couldn't leave them. So instead I've been hiding nearby and leading her in circles to slow them down until I could find help. They've stopped for now. For some reason the monsters won't go near the Silver Mountains.\" \"Well we're here now.\" Atreyu laid a comforting hand on Blubb's back. \"We'll get your friends out.\" Instead of rejoicing Blubb simply hung its head. \"That's what that girl said.\" \"Girl?\" \"Deisha!\" Atreyu groaned. \"Blubb, what happened to her?\" \"She tried to attack Shadeseeker with her bow but the witch has sharp ears, and she's fast. She turned and snatched the arrow right out of the air! After that…\" Blubb began to cry again. \"Oh it's awful. She's doomed!\" \"It's alright Blubb. Like you said, she's stuck right now so we have time to figure out a way to save them.\" \"Not her.\" Blubb shook his head. \"You don't understand. My friends were taken prisoner. They're only alive because Shadeseeker said they're too ugly to eat. But now that she has that girl…\" Adair looked to Atreyu. \"Could we call Falkor back?\" \"We probably don't have the time.\" He reasoned. \"And if the witch is as close as Blubb says then she might hear us. We'll have to think of something on our own. Blubb, where are they right now?\" Blubb sniffed and lifted his face. Adair could barely make out two tiny eyes inside the ball of light. \"I'll show you.\" After Atreyu had gathered his bow and knife from their campsite Blubb led them to a ledge overlooking a small clearing. The two had expected more of those snake faced wolves, but they were yet to learn that twisted beings such as demons came in all shapes and sizes. They, like the evils that spawned them came in great variety. The clearing was swarming with at least a hundred maroon colored imps. They were about as long as Atreyu's forearm and flew on bat-like wings. They had a pair of short hooked horns on the crown of their head and long thin tails like a rat's with a barb at the end. The worst part however was that they all lacked faces. \"They have poison in the barbs on their tails that puts you to sleep. That's how she caught us.\" Blubb explained. The companions of the will-o'-the-wisp were easy to spot. At least the Rock Biter was because of his tremendous size. He was ten feet tall and had shoulders as broad as the roof of a house. He seemed to be made entirely out of stone. His powerful hands were bound tightly together by steal manacles secured by a length of chain. Then there was a little night hob with his hands chained behind his back looking about wildly with his saucer eyes. His mount; a great bat was chained down by its neck where a group of the demon-imps tormented it with their claws. The last who was so small they almost missed him was a creature known as a Tiny in dapper dress and chained beside his mount; a trusted racing snail. \"Blubb, where's Shadeseeker?\" Blubb pointed a trembling finger into the clearing. \"There.\" The witch wafted into the clearing. She was a tall woman in a billowing black robe-like dress that had a form fitting bodice, but a flowing skirt with an opening down the center leaving her legs exposed. The neckline was so low that it left everything above her chest bare. Her long sleeves hung with scarlet trim that was cut to invoke the image of flames. Her long black hair that hung all the way to her waist had deep crimson streaks in it. As they watched, she pulled something from within her sleeve and held it up to her face, stroking her hair lovingly as she did. Atreyu squinted to see it. \"What is it?\" \"It's a mirror.\" Blubb answered. \"That's the source of her spell. She forces others to look into it so it can steal their youth. They become older and older the longer she makes them look at it. Then she turns it on herself, and through her reflection the stolen youth becomes hers. I watched her use it. We weren't the only ones she captured. There was a water nymph.\" Blubb shuddered. \"Apparently Shadeseeker thought she was beautiful enough to eat. There wasn't anything left of her when she was done.\" That, Adair thought, put a whole new spin on the phrase \"beauty is a curse\". In the clearing the witch snapped her fingers and four imps flew to the captives, each one taking a chain in their hand. All four pulled a prisoner out from the group and dragged her forward. Atreyu gasped. \"Deisha!\" In the blink of an eye he fitted an arrow to his bowstring. Adair grabbed his wrist and tried to make him lower it. \"Slow down. You remember what Blubb said. That's how Deisha got caught.\" \"We can't just sit here!\" \"We won't. I have an idea.\" The two continued to converse in hushed voices. Meanwhile in the midst of the gathering of prisoners and demons Deisha was dragged before the witch. Shadeseeker smiled with her blood red lips and spoke in a voice as smooth as honey, but it carried poison in it. \"Listen well little girl from the grasslands. You know who I am and as I've explained to you I can steal every remaining year of your pathetic little life and make it my own. But I'm in a bit of a predicament. My useless escort doesn't seem able to enter the Silver Mountains and I'm a little pressed for time. I need to reach the Forest of Thorns before the week is out. Your people are skilled hunters and trackers. You can find a faster way than through these blasted mountains can't you? So how about we make a deal. You lead my 'friends' and I out, and I might let you keep a few of your years. Do we have an understanding?\" Deisha looked down at the ground. The witch lifted a cold hand to her face, grasping her chin, and forced her look up at her. \"Oh come now dearie, no need to be so shy. You're very pretty, and fierce. I admire that. Serve me well and I might even let you become a protégée instead of stealing your beauty. It's been a long time since I've added to my coven.\" Deisha snapped her teeth at Shadeseeker, forcing the witch to recoil. \"I would die before falling in with a hag like you!\" The word 'hag' made Shadeseeker quiver with rage, but she suppressed it and sighed. \"You people can be so uncivilized. Oh well, I suppose I'll have to use other ways of making you cooperate.\" She raised her hand as if to snap her fingers to give the demon-imps a command, but suddenly one of them flitted to her side and flapped its wings right by her head. It had no mouth to communicate with, but Shadeseeker had other ways of understanding the messengers she'd been given. \"Oh really?\" She smirked. \"Well what are you waiting for? Do what you do best.\" She snapped her fingers and ten of the imps swarmed the edge of the clearing and dragged a struggling figure into the open out of the bushes. Deisha froze when she saw who it was that the witch had captured. It was Adair. She resisted their pull but she found the little pests were stronger than they looked. Shadeseeker smiled again as she strode confidently to where Adair was forced to her knees. \"Now what do we have here?\" She took the girl's face in her hand just as she had with Deisha and forced her to look up. Then her eyes took on a look of surprise. \"My, my, my, can it be? I had heard whispers that a human had come to Fantasia again but who would believe my luck that you should fall into my hands first? Oh this will please Lord Volrac greatly.\" Despite the dangerous situation she was in Adair gave her a wry smirk. The last time she had fought demons had been different. Chember had been intimidating and the snake-wolves had filled her with terror. She'd always been afraid of wolves and dogs and anything of the like. But the imps did not overcome her with the same fear, and the witch who controlled them she wasn't afraid of at all. She could see it in her cold reddish-brown eyes. This Shadeseeker was no different than others from her world consumed by their superficial beauty. \"It's not going to last forever.\" She would say to one such girl she attended school with who couldn't seem to be bothered with anything practical because she was always checking herself in the mirror to make sure her hair was still perfectly in place, or her makeup wasn't smudging as if anything had changed the last time she had checked five minutes ago. She despised girls like that, and she hated this witch who had taken the obsession to an entirely new level. Yes, Adair knew just how to deal with someone like Shadeseeker. Jason remembered that encounter. It had been Samantha Thompson. Samantha had made a very off-handed comment at him about how he'd never get a girlfriend if he didn't cut his hair. Adair had pointed out that Samantha had only gotten as far as she had in life through her looks, and that one day she'd find they didn't count for anything. Without any talent or skill or the slightest experience at what it was like to work hard she'd one day lose all her beauty and become a poor lonely spinster. Samantha had gone home crying. In the long run it was Adair who'd been made to apologize to Samantha in the principal's office. But for Adair that apology came out \"I'm sorry you had to find out that way that you're a useless Barbie doll that everyone's going to get bored with one day.\" \"That's right. I'm the first human to come to Fantasia in a long time. You might never get another chance like this.\" Shadeseeker narrowed her eyes. \"What do you mean?\" \"Have you ever taken from a human before? Don't you know anything about us? If you take from me you might never have to steal someone's youth again.\" The witch sneered. \"You are quite beautiful little girl, but you can't fool me. I can tell you're trying to distract me from my goal. Is this Plains girl a friend of yours? Is that why you've come?\" \"Maybe you're right, maybe you're wrong.\" Adair replied. \"But if you don't take your chance now you might never find out what I could have given you. You shriveled old hag.\" Shadeseeker kept her voice level, but she couldn't hide the twitch in her eyebrow. \"What did you say?\" \"Oh I'm sorry, do you prefer crone? Biddy? Bag? I have more.\" The witch peeled her blood red lips back in a snarl. \"You're going to have to do better than name calling.\" \"I was just wondering what you're using to hide those crow feet because it's not working. Oh maybe you're trying to go with a more rustic look. My grandma does that. It works for her. She doesn't look a day over sixty five.\" Shadeseeker drew very near to her face. \"You might want to watch your tongue little girl. You clearly know what I can do, so don't provoke me.\" Adair coughed. \"Oh wow, have you heard of a tic-tac? Your breath smells like a corpse. Oh wait… sorry I forgot. Is that why your name's Shadeseeker, because you have to hide your rotten ugly face in the shade?\" \"That's enough!\" the witch shrieked and drew herself back. Reaching into her sleeve she pulled out the brass handled mirror. \"Now you've done it. Perhaps Lord Volrac will praise me for killing you instead!\" Adair tried to look away but her head was jerked toward the mirror by one of the imps who dug its claws below her eyebrows and forced her to keep her eyes open. She didn't see herself in the mirror, or rather she did, but not in the right sense. What she saw was a much older version of herself mirroring her fright. But little by little the old woman in the mirror moved back through time, growing younger and younger. Shadeseeker held the mirror closer to her and snarled. \"Now watch as your pretty little face decays into nothingness.\" There was a shrill whistle in the trees above them just then; the signal Adair had been waiting for. \"Same to you.\" She growled, then in a move so sudden it surprised the imps she tore one arm free and grabbed Shadeseeker by the ankle. The witch was so startled she was thrown off balance, flailing her arms in the air, the mirror still clutched tightly in her hand. Atreyu's arrow shot from where he was hidden and struck the glass dead-center. The sound of its shattering filled the clearing. Shadeseeker shrieked in alarm and horror as she watched the fragmented shards spill to the ground like jagged rain. She fell to her knees and snatched up one of the larger shards and stared at it. \"No, no, NO! NOOOOO!\" Adair couldn't see her face, but she watched as her black and red hair faded and thinned to wispy gray curls. All at once she snapped her head to transfix her gaze on Adair. \"LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE!\" She was unrecognizable. Her flesh was withered and gray, her eyes sunken in like the eyes of a skull, and her lips were chapped and stretched thin over crooked yellow teeth. Her hands were gnarled like tree branches. She screamed and kept her hate filled eyes on Adair. An ominous humming sound filled the clearing as the imps began to swarm like a hive of angry bees. Shadeseeker peeled her lips back once more. \"KILL THEM! KILL THEM ALL!\" Atreyu burst from his hiding place and charged forward with his dagger in hand. Blubb dashed ahead of him. \"Blubb get the key!\" The tiny and nimble will-o'-the-wisp spun circles around Shadeseeker who tried in vain to swat him away. Her rapid aging had apparently slowed the frightening speed she had once possessed. Blubb retrieved a small skeleton key from her sleeve easily and dashed to the prisoners. He unchained Deisha first while Atreyu sprinted to the place where they'd stashed away her bow and arrows. Adair ran with him as the imps swarmed all around them. \"Deisha catch!\" Atreyu called, tossing her bow to her. Blubb worked furiously to fit the key into each shackle that held his friends while the two Plains warriors covered him with their bows. Once free, the Rock Biter, the Night Hob, and the Tiny began to fight furiously to escape, though the Tiny and his snail were of little use in a battle. The Rock Biter on the other hand could easily catch groups of the imps in his mighty hands and crush them like insects. Atreyu and Deisha were expert marksman with their bows, but sadly they found that the imps were much like the last demons they fought and could only be stunned by their arrows and not wounded. Adair found she could fight them off no better than the little man who rode the snail. \"Come on!\" Blubb cried. \"If we can get back into the mountains they won't follow us!\" \"Follow me! Try not to let me step on you!\" The Rock Biter roared in a deep mighty voice that made the ground shake. Using himself as a wall against the imps, he charged ahead while the others ran behind him. Adair screamed as she felt something take hold of her hair and yank her backward. It slowed her enough that a group of imps caught up each of her limbs and lifted her high into the air. Atreyu spun around and lifted his bow. \"Adair!\" But he found he couldn't make the shot. The imps were moving too fast for him to shoot without the risk of accidentally hitting Adair. Kicking and screaming the girl was hauled back into the clearing where they dropped her from a ten foot height right at the feet of the witch. Her head spun with dizziness as the fall took its toll on her. Shadeseeker leered down at her, no longer the beautiful enchantress she had once been, but a desiccated hag. \"You my pretty,\" she snarled in a much older and more ravaged voice \"I will kill with my own hands.\" Before the girl could move, the hag was on her, those long gnarled fingers grasping tightly around her throat. \"Adair!\" Atreyu called again, and without thinking charged back into the clearing. Deisha followed right behind, and they were gone before the others could stop them. The imps zipped all around them. They raised their bows, but the demons snatched them right out of their hands, and soon were holding them aloft just as they had taken Adair. Meanwhile the edges of Adair's vision were beginning to blur as the hag strangled the life out of her. \" Crap! Now what?\" Jason thought hard. There had to be something he could do. He couldn't just sit here and read out his best friend's death. He had to think. He'd played Dungeons & Dragons all his teen years. He knew how to strategize. Atreyu and Deisha had been the strongest assets, and now they were immobile. Of the remaining party members, only the Rockbiter was of any real use, but they were expecting him and he'd soon be put back to sleep with the poison of the imps. Then with a jolt Jason remembered someone was missing. \" Falkor!\" The Luckdragon would be able to burn those imps away like they were nothing. Maybe if he called the dragon's name into the book, he'd be alerted to the danger and come flying to the rescue. It was a long shot, but then again if this was all really happening, Falkor was a Luckdragon . If anyone could beat the odds it was him. \" Falkor! Wherever you are wake up! They're in danger!\" Adair struggled vainly to free herself. Her breath had been knocked out of her by the fall, and what little remained was being choked out by the witch. Just when she was sure she was going to black out completely she suddenly became aware that Shadeseeker's grip had slackened. The dark edges around her vision gave way to a brilliant blue light. That could only mean one thing. Falkor soared overhead, breathing a bright stream of blue fire. The imps were falling to the ground in burning writhing heaps. The ones that weren't burned began to flee, including the ones holding Atreyu and Deisha. The two of them fell to the earth and landed in a crouch. Skill like that could only have come with lifelong practice in the art of survival that the Plains People were taught since childhood. Desperately Atreyu clawed for anything he could use as a weapon. His bow lay halfway across the clearing where the imps had dropped it and he would never reach it in time before Shadeseeker had finished with Adair. Then his hand fell across something jagged and sharp. He looked down and found one of the remaining shards of Shadeseeker's mirror. It was long and when he picked it up the weight of it felt perfect in his hands. He arched his arm back and threw with all his might. The shard of glass spun through the air. Adair coughed as air suddenly rushed back into her lungs. Shadeseeker was screaming, and when she looked up she saw the hag holding her hands to her face. She backed away still on her back and cringed as Shadeseeker pulled something long and gleaming out of her eye. The shard of glass dripped from its tip with the witch's blood. She growled like an animal at Adair and took one step, and had it not been for Atreyu she would have had her way. The young Plains warrior had charged across the clearing and threw himself head long into the witch. With a swift jab to her wrist, Atreyu knocked the shard of glass out of her hand. Then something struck the ground between them before the witch could do anything more. It was an arrow. Deisha had not hesitated to retrieve her bow and was already preparing to loose another arrow. Shadeseeker screamed and fled from the clearing as quickly as she could. \"Get back here!\" Deisha charged after her. \"Deisha!\" Atreyu called. \"Let her go.\" \"Let her go? Did you see what that dried up gorgon almost did to us?\" \"Well she can't anymore. And I don't want to have to save you more than once in a day.\" Deisha scowled but lowered her bow and trudged back to him. Atreyu turned and offered Adair a hand. \"Are you alright?\" She took it and let him help her to her feet. \"Yeah I think so. Just dizzy.\" Falkor landed beside them as lightly as a bird. \"Now what did I say about not letting me miss any of the fun Atreyu?\" he winked. \"You okay Miss Adair?\" \"Yeah thanks to you.\" She smiled. \"I thought you were asleep. How did you manage to get here just in time?\" Falkor gave a great hearty laugh. \"With luck!\" She shook her head. \"Of course.\" Jason sighed with relief. \"Sure Falkor. Go ahead. Take all the credit.\" \"Well actually that's not quite true.\" Falkor felt compelled to explain. \"Something actually woke me from my sleep. It felt as though someone was calling me and telling me you were in danger.\" Deisha knit her brows together. \"How could that be?\" Atreyu took on a serious look. \"I wonder if… Adair, where did you say you left the book in your world? The one that you said had me and Falkor in it?\" As though she needed explaining as to which book he was talking about. \"It should still be in my room on my bed. Why?\" \"Is there any chance someone else could be reading it?\" \"The only one allowed in my room right now is my cat, and I doubt she's up to any reading today.\" They stared at her blankly for a moment and she sighed as she remembered who she was talking to. \"No, cats can't read in my world. They're just pets.\" Jason started as someone opened the door to Adair's room. It was Jamie. \" What are you guys doing in here? It sounded like you were fighting.\" He looked around in confusion. \"Where's Adair?\" Jason thought quickly. \"You were right. We had a fight and she left.\" But his tone wasn't convincing. \" I didn't see her leave.\" Jamie said with skepticism playing across his eyes. \" Listen, stay here with your brother and sister. Lock the door and don't answer it for anyone. You might want to call your mom too and tell her to come home early.\" Now Jamie looked worried. \"Is something wrong?\" \" No nothing's wrong,\" he lied, and suddenly felt he needed to give the kid something a little more concrete. \"Don't worry. I'm going to fix it. If your brother asks, tell him me and Adair went to a movie and Adair left you in charge.\" \" Me?\" \" Yep. Make sure your big brother behaves himself.\" Jamie smirked. \"Sounds like fun.\" Jason pounded fists with him and tucked the book under his arm before racing down the stairs. Brian was in the living room. \" Where are you going?\" \" Adair left. I'm going to meet her at the movies. She left Jamie in charge.\" Brian's jaw dropped. \"What?\" Jamie was already at the bottom of the stairs and grinning broadly. \"You heard him. Now go get ready for bed young man.\" Brian glowered. \"Yeah that's not going to happen.\" Jason didn't stick around long enough to find out how the dispute he'd caused turned out. He jumped into his little green BMW and sped out of the neighborhood back to the main part of town. He needed answers, and he only knew of one place he was likely to find them. If this was one of Mr. Bux's books then maybe he knew what was going on. He had to get Adair out of the book.[Chapter 5] Chapter 4: The Variable D arkness had fallen by the time Jason reached \"Coreander's old Books.\" He tapped the glass on the front door, hoping the old man hadn't closed up shop yet. \"Mr. Bux! Mr. Bux!\" To his relief the familiar spectacled eyes came to stare at him through the glass. The elderly gentleman opened the door and made to invite him in, but Jason didn't wait for the invite, brushing past him in a hurry. \"Well this is a surprise Jason. I didn't expect to see you here so late. I'm about to close up shop but I wouldn't mind staying a bit later if you wanted to browse.\" \"I'm not here to browse.\" Jason replied, taking the book he'd found in Adair's room from under his arm. He held it up so the old man could see. \"Is this one of your books?\" Mr. Bux's face was blank as stone, but there was a silence between them. Still his face was unreadable when he said \"I can honestly say I've never owned that book.\" \"My friend was supposed to come to this shop earlier today. A girl named Adair. Did you see her?\" \"Oh yes.\" Mr. Bux nodded. \"Moody little thing she was, but she did mention you.\" \"Did she leave with this book?\" The old man shrugged. \"Perhaps. I know she left with a book, but I'd be hard pressed to remember which one. Why is it so important to you? Is everything alright?\" Jason sighed and looked away. Either Mr. Bux really didn't know anything, or he was a genius at playing dumb. How was he supposed to explain this? \"You'll think I'm crazy.\" \"Maybe\" the old man smiled. \"But aren't we all just a little? What fun would life be otherwise?\" He hesitated, not knowing how to reply. Something was off about this. Mr. Bux may have been old but he was still the sharpest person Jason knew. There was no way he would have forgotten if Adair had bought this book from him. Mr. Bux put a hand on Jason's shoulder. \"Jason, I've known you for a long time, long enough to know that you're an honest lad. Now whatever is troubling you, you know you can tell me.\" Jason let out a long slow breath. \"Adair was supposed to come here and get a book, and then I was supposed to meet her at her house. But when I got there she wasn't in her room and her cousins never saw her leave. All I found in her room was this book, and for some reason the girl I'm reading about in it sounds a lot like her. She even has the same name.\" \"Jason,\" the old man prodded \"what exactly are you saying?\" Jason took a deep breath and gave in. \"I think Adair got this book from you, and now I think she's trapped inside it.\" The old man was silent for a while, and when Jason looked up he was surprised to see that he was smiling. \"Now isn't that something.\" \"Do you believe me?\" \"Doesn't really matter what I believe. Do you believe it?\" In the long time Jason had known him he'd discovered that Mr. Bux didn't really deal in straight answers. \"Alright let's say this actually is happening and Adair really is trapped in this book. How do I get her out?\" \"Well, speaking from an avid reader's point of view,\" the old man winked \"if your friend really is in this book then she's entered an entirely new world. And much like our own world, this one probably has its own rules. Things might apply in that world that don't really apply in ours.\" Jason frowned. \"Meaning…?\" \"Meaning if there is a key to getting her out, it won't be in our world. It will have to come from where she is. Perhaps you can find an answer in there. And if you're wrong and your friend is just fine, well I've never heard of any harm coming to someone for simply reading a book.\" Perhaps Jason had imagined it, but the way the old man spoke made it sound like he didn't really think it was probable that he was wrong about Adair or the book. He'd known Mr. Bux for years, even helped him around the shop occasionally and he'd never mentioned anything like this. Still, he had accepted Jason's story a little too quickly. \"So you're saying I should just read and find out what happens?\" \"That about sums it up.\" Mr. Bux nodded. \"You're welcome to stay here and read if you like. I'll simply call my wife and tell her I'll be home late.\" Now he knew Mr. Bux was hiding something, because one thing he'd known to be true about the old shopkeeper (because he said it so often) was that not once in the forty-three years they'd been married had he ever missed a dinner with his wife. \"Pull up a chair my boy. Make yourself comfortable. I'll go make the call.\" Jason followed him, keeping his eyes on his back. When he reached the familiar armchair things got even stranger. A pair of blue eyes looked up at him, and their owner's furry black ears twitched above her white face. \"Iole? How did you get here?\" \"You two know each other?\" Mr. Bux asked. \"She was calling outside my door not five minutes before you got here and I let her in.\" Jason fingered the collar that was secured around the cat's neck. The ID tag told him there was no mistake. \"This is Adair's cat. But how did she get here? And how did she beat me?\" \"Cats are remarkable creatures. She belongs to your friend you say? Perhaps she's as worried about her as you are. Well since we're all acquainted I'll let the two of you get cozy while I make that phone call. I think I'll fetch a saucer of milk for your friend. Would you care for anything from the fridge?\" \"A cold soda?\" Jason asked as politely as he could. He had a feeling he was going to be up way later than he was used to. He'd read the whole book in one night if he had to. \"Very well, I'll leave you to it then.\" Mr. Bux shuffled into the back room, leaving Jason alone with the black and white cat. To his surprise she moved off of the seat and stretched herself across the armrest as if she were inviting him to sit down. Jason dropped himself into the seat and laid the book open in his lap. He looked at the cat and pointed to his eyes, then to her. \"I've got my eye on you. So don't try anything.\" Iole simply stared back at him and he swore she nodded her head toward the book. If she could speak he imagined she would have said something like \"Yeah whatever, just shut up and read.\" \"No need to be pushy, I'm reading.\" \"I can't thank you enough for saving my friends.\" Blubb said over and over. The nimble and energetic will-o'-the-wisp bounced up and down and all around the trio that had rescued its companions. \"This is amazing!\" the Night Hob whose name was Whooshwoozool circled Adair, studying her with those wild saucer eyes. \"A human in Fantasia after all these years!\" An enormous hand seemingly made of stone snatched the Night Hob up as the Rock Biter who had called himself Pyornkrachzark lifted his more uncouth companion from the ground, bringing him close to his face. \"Stop that.\" He chided in a low rumbling voice. \"You're frightening her.\" The last of the group of messengers, the very small well-dressed man in the top hat seemed a little more cultured than the other three. Removing his grand top hat he gave Adair a sweeping bow. \"My lady, my name is Gluckuk, and I am eternally grateful to you and the mighty Atreyu for rescuing my companions.\" Deisha folded her arms and scowled that the little man had forgotten to include her among his rescuers, but Gluckuk didn't seem to notice. \"And what, my lady, may I call you?\" Adair hesitated. If this meeting was any indicator on how other Fantasians were going to react to her, she wasn't looking forward to reaching the Ivory Tower which she had taken to be the nation's capital. \"Adair.\" \"Adair,\" Gluckuk repeated eloquently \"a name as lovely as its wearer. Tell me, Lady Adair; are you here to save us as the Humans of old?\" \"Uh, I'm not really planning on saving anyone. I'm just trying to get home.\" Atreyu interrupted her. \"Adair isn't exactly familiar with Fantasia yet.\" She hated how he used the word yet. \"Right now we're just trying to reach the Ivory Tower. The Childlike Empress needs to know about what's happening in Fantasia.\" \"Agreed.\" The Rock Biter nodded. \"That's precisely what we had set out to do.\" \"That's what I wanted to ask you.\" Atreyu replied. \"What exactly was the nature of your expedition?\" The four companions looked at one another hesitantly. Whatever their message had been, it wasn't something they seemed eager to talk about. The Tiny was the one who the explanation fell to. \"Well you see the fact of the matter is that we've been all over Fantasia. As its most famous of messengers we hear much news. And lately the news has been quite ominous. The Creatures of Darkness have all been leaving their respective vicinities. They say that even Ygramul the Many has abandoned her lair in the Land of Dead Mountains.\" \"Does anyone know where they've gone?\" \"Not exactly, but there have been rumors.\" Gluckuk explained. \"You see, not long ago a new land appeared in Fantasia. It's said to be in a place that the sun skips in its passage across the sky; a frightful place known as the Forest of Thorns. No one dares to go near it, but it seems to be the ideal gathering place for the Creatures of Darkness.\" \"The Forest of Thorns?\" Deisha interjected. \"That's where that witch was planning on taking us.\" \"Yes, Shadeseeker merely confirmed our fears. You see she was given the mission of capturing us so we could never give this message to the Empress. But since she didn't deem us any kind of threat she had no qualms about letting on their plans to us.\" The little man grew very silent, and the faces of all the messengers were grave. \"What did she say?\" Atreyu asked hesitantly, as though their sudden melancholy made him believe he didn't really want to hear the answer. \"What is it the Creatures of Darkness are planning?\" None of the messengers seemed willing to answer. But the Rock Biter at last opened his great jagged edged mouth. \"Revolution.\" The word hung in the air like a hammer about to fall on all of their heads. \"They wish to rise up against the Childlike Empress.\" \"That's impossible!\" Falkor cried. Deisha was no less vocal about her feelings on the matter. \"Are they insane? The Empress is Fantasia! If anything happens to her then all of Fantasia goes with her, including them!\" Atreyu nodded in agreement but spoke in a far more steady tone. \"Not in all of Fantasia's existence has anyone even dreamed of raising a hand against the Childlike Empress. Not even beings as twisted and wicked as the Creatures of Darkness are mad enough to attempt such a forbidden act, or even think it. No one from Fantasia has the capability to form such an idea.\" Through all the discussion Adair remained silent. All this talk of Fantasia and Empresses and Creatures of Darkness was for Fantasians. It wasn't anything that should concern her. She wasn't part of this world and she didn't really want to be. It hadn't really done anything for her so far besides nearly get her killed. But despite her desire to remain indifferent she couldn't help but catch the way Atreyu had added that last sentence; that no one from Fantasia could have formed such an idea. In the back of her mind she began to wonder if he knew more about that than he was telling. \"We should get to the Ivory Tower with all haste!\" Blubb bounced up and down anxiously, casting flickers of light all around them. \"That's going to be difficult.\" Gluckuk sighed. \"Shadeseeker destroyed Pyornkrachzark's cycle when she captured us. She had those demons carry it off into the sky and drop it. It was probably smashed to pieces by the fall. It will take weeks to get there if he has to go on foot.\" \"You don't need to go.\" Atreyu said firmly. \"You've given your message to us. We're heading to the Ivory Tower. There's no need for the four of you to risk your lives further. You've all done well.\" The messengers hesitated. The Night Hob spoke up. \"But we've never failed to deliver a message! We're legendary throughout Fantasia for it! How can we simply turn back?\" \"I am Atreyu of the Plains People, warrior of Fantasia, and one who once wore the AURYN around his neck as messenger of the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes. You have my word that I will deliver your message to the Ivory Tower for you. The Empress will be grateful for your bravery.\" \"Well someone certainly thinks a lot of themselves.\" Jason muttered as he read. The messengers huddled together to discuss this. It seemed that their exhaustion from the ordeal of their capture by Shadeseeker as well as the fact that on the back of a Luckdragon, Atreyu and company could reach the Ivory Tower much faster than they could won out. \"Very well Atreyu.\" Gluckuk conceded. \"You and your companions have our thanks. We will now return to our homes.\" \"Good luck Atreyu!\" squealed the Night Hob. \"Take care.\" bellowed the Rock Biter. To Adair's surprise Blubb actually leaped from the ground and latched itself onto her. She felt tiny little arms trying to hug her neck. \"I will never forget any of you for what you did. If you ever need anything you can count on us to rush to your aid.\" And with that the messengers set out for their homes while Atreyu, Adair, and Deisha climbed onto Falkor's back and took off into the sky once more. But the four unlikely companions were not the only ones who delivered a message that day. The Forest of Thorns was indeed a very dark corner of Fantasia; a twisting den of roots and branches with thorns jutting every which way that was always blanketed in a thick fog. It was dark even at noonday because Fantasia's sun chose only to shine on it from a distance, as though it were afraid to pass over it. And at the center of this dreadful place was a castle that didn't seem to have been built within the forest so much as to have grown straight out of it. And it was in this dark lair that Chember the Butcher had a message of his own to deliver. His entrance hadn't been as dignified as he would have liked, because the moment he set foot on the steps outside, he was seized upon by a nightmarish creature that barely cleared the archway into the castle. It was an ogre, one of the many Creatures of Darkness who had gathered in the Forest of Thorns. But because it was so dim-witted it was only fit for menial tasks such as guarding the castle. It snatched Chember up by the collar of his coat and lifted him off the ground in one of its great hairy hands. Chember was dragged kicking and screaming into the heart of the castle. \"Unhand me you hairy buffoon! I have important information to deliver!\" Chember was tossed face first onto the floor of the chamber. He dusted himself off and looked up to see a pair of slitted red eyes that glowed in the darkness beneath a mat of azure blue hair. The face of their owner seemed very canine with a pair of blue furred fox like ears. The creature smiled, drawing its face unbearably close to his own. Behind the blue haired creature with fox ears shone the reflection of a pair of glasses worn by a young man in sloppy formal attire. It was this one who spoke in a drawl cultured voice. \"Now, now Chember, is that any way to speak to a lady?\" Chember's red and yellow speckled eyes widened as he turned away from the creature and the young man to look back at the ogre who was trudging back out of the chamber. \"That was a woman?\" \"Are you really so dim that you cannot tell the difference between the male and female specimens of Ogres?\" The young man in glasses said condescendingly. The blue haired creature drew even closer to Chember and grinned. \"Tell me, which do you think I am?\" It cackled as it shoved Chember back with its tattooed arms that had long fingered hands with hooked claws. \"Nag, Thoth, that's enough. I believe our guest came here for a reason.\" Chember froze at the girl's voice that had come suddenly from behind him. He was sure she hadn't been there when he had entered. Yet when he turned there she was. Standing in the doorway was a girl with a purple streak in her night black hair and cold heartless blue eyes. A long black cat-like tail swished back and forth beneath her short black skirt. \"What are you three doing here?\" Chember growled. The creature the girl had called Nag shoved Chember back to the ground and began to circle him on all fours just like a fox would circle a smaller animal it was toying with. \"We're the ones who will be asking the questions here.\" The young man called Thoth removed his glasses and breathed on them, polishing their lenses with a white handkerchief. \"For instance, how is it that you have the gall to come crawling back here with not one of the Gorgon-Hounds you were given. Even worse, you return empty handed. You believe he will be pleased to learn you had the Human in your hands and let her escape to save your own diseased skin?\" Chember swallowed. \"You know about the human?\" \"We know everything.\" Nag snapped his jaws at Chember's face, causing him to shrink back. The despicable creature only laughed at his anxiety. Chember was a creature of the darkest nature by Fantasian standards. He thrived on the fear and screams of his victims and violence was something that excited him. But even one as cruel and degenerate as he held fear for these three witches who served his master; the playful cruelty of the creature Nag made him cringe. The intellectual pursuits of Thoth he had seen reduce many a Fantasian to strips of flesh and blood pinned across a board. And the cold eyes of the girl Fay made him shiver as she stared at her victims with that heartless gaze trying, to decide which unspeakable fate she could inflict on them would amuse her the most in a sordid attempt to ease her boredom. In a way she was the most terrifying because unlike her associates her playground was neither the body nor the mind of those who were unlucky enough to be claimed as her \"toys\". It was their very heart and soul that she liked to violate and corrupt. Thoth smiled in a way that seemed too pleasant for his grim words. \"Whatever will he say when he returns?\" Nag's blue furred ears twitched suddenly and it squealed in delight. \"Ooooh we're about to find out!\" \"He comes.\" Fay said flatly. Chember cringed as the sound of heavy iron clad footsteps echoed from the head of the dimly lit chamber. As though the castle were welcoming its master home, candlelight sparked to life on either side of the room, illuminating the lord of the castle who now stood among them. Chember scrambled to gather himself, not wanting to appear weak in front of his commander. Weakness was not tolerated in his ranks. Quickly he fell to one knee and lowered his head. Even the Circle of the Night was obliged to pay their respects to the dark being who now stood in their midst. Fay gathered her skirt and curtsied, Thoth gave a gentlemanly bow, and Nag prostrated himself on his knees. \"Welcome back Lord Volrac.\" Chember lifted his gaze slowly. The figure that stood mostly in shadow was tall, at least a head taller than a full sized adult, and was shrouded in a black cloak with a hood drawn up. All that could be seen were the black steel greaves and boots he wore. But even though his hood was drawn, it could not hide the snout that poked out from underneath, lined with fangs and covered in dark fur. And staring out of the shadow of the hood was a pair of green eyes that glowed like fire; the eyes of a wolf. Fay and Thoth moved to stand on either side of him while Nag crouched behind him like some sort of deranged pet. He spoke in a harsh voice that called to mind the image of claws scraping against tree bark. \"I trust you have good news for me Chember. How goes the burning of the Plains?\" The butcher began to tremble beneath his master's gaze. \"About that… I was delayed.\" \"Delayed,\" Lord Volrac growled. \"Or beaten?\" Chember didn't reply right away. \"ANSWER ME!\" He winced at his commander's voice for it was like the lash of a whip. \"Forgive me.\" \"Forgive? Forgive your incompetence? You were sent against a band of uncivilized vermin with a force unlike anything in Fantasia! They shouldn't have even been able to wound them.\" \"It wasn't my fault! It was Atreyu!\" Chember whined pitifully. \"He led them!\" \"How were your forces wounded?\" Lord Volrac asked, this time lowering his voice. But that didn't make him any less menacing. \"Fire,\" Chember answered. \"Fire can harm them. I didn't know! And when General Heremoor appeared—\" \"Enough!\" Lord Volrac growled. \"Get out of my sight.\" \"My assignment?\" Chember pleaded. \"To get as far away from here as you can. Do what you see fit to redeem yourself. Until then I don't want to see your face again.\" \"But my lord, the human is…\" Chember saw scarcely a blur and then he was flying across the chamber. He slammed into the wall and fell to the ground in a heap. Lord Volrac was standing in the exact place Chember had been only a second ago as though he had always been there. \"I know about the human. I have servants all over Fantasia with their ear to the ground. It was your vanity that had you scurrying back here like a dog for scraps, hoping to earn my praise for your discovery. But you made a grave mistake in coming back here empty handed. If you were a true soldier of our cause you would have pursued that girl to the ends of Fantasia and would not have rested until she was dead, Atreyu or no. Now be gone! I grow sick from the stink of your cowardice.\" Collecting himself and his wounded pride Chember scrambled from the chamber and was gone. Lord Volrac was left alone with the Circle of the Night. \"As for you three,\" he hissed. \"You assured me those demons were invincible.\" \"Nearly invincible, my lord\" Nag corrected \"we said they were nearly invincible.\" \"Tis true milord.\" Thoth agreed. \"But fear not, you still hold the upper hand.\" \"Demons can be wounded and slain just as any other creature, but the secrets of slaying them are not known in Fantasia.\" Fay explained. \"But now one is known.\" Volrac bared his fangs. \"Yes,\" Thoth drawled \"but only by one mere Fantasian.\" \"Atreyu is not just one mere Fantasian.\" Volrac breathed. \"He is one of its most legendary warriors, one who has acted as messenger for the Childlike Empress and walked with humans. If there is any in Fantasia who can stand against me it is Atreyu.\" \"Warrior or not, he's still only one boy.\" Nag licked his lips. \"And not even he can conjure enough fire to stop us.\" \"But leave that for another time.\" Thoth interjected. \"We have a greater concern. What would you have us do about the human now that we've succeeded in luring her here?\" At this Lord Volrac grinned. \"Just as I predicted, Atreyu is taking her to the Ivory Tower, and soon all of Fantasia will know that she has arrived. There was a time this might have grieved me, but now I see the truth. The Ivory Tower will be the ideal place to deal with her. There before the high council of Fantasia and in the face of the Childlike Empress I shall kill the human with my own hands. Then Fantasia will be mine. They shall see the absolutes of the past crumble away and all the powers of Fantasia's ruler will fall to me.\" \"It will be a blow to their morale.\" Thoth stated casually as though he were discussing something trivial. \"Nothing shakes one's faith like seeing what they believe in simply vanish. Any who remain loyal to the Empress will shatter.\" Nag grinned. \"And then you'll be there to snatch up the pieces my lord.\" \"However your time grows short if you want your plan to work.\" From the way Fay spoke one would believe she didn't care either way if the plans of the one she served succeeded or failed (and in truth she didn't). \"You know what waits for the Human at the Ivory Tower. If she takes the AURYN divine protection will be hers.\" Volrac swept his cloak about him. \"That is the task that falls to you. Delay them. I must arrive at the Ivory Tower before them and head the human off before she has the chance to take the AURYN.\" \"And how would you propose we do that?\" Thoth asked. \"They ride on the back of a Luckdragon. I want you to take their mount. Take their mount and it will slow their journey.\" \"And what would you have us do with the Luckdragon after we've caught him?\" Nag inquired. The lips of Volrac's snout curled into a most unpleasant smile. \"Anything you please. Now I must make haste. I have a date with destiny at the Ivory Tower and I will not keep her waiting.\" With another flourish of his cloak Lord Volrac vanished in a shadowy mist. \"It seems we have work to do.\" Fay said sounding highly inconvenienced. Nag swept to her side as she returned to what she had been doing before Chember had arrived. \"You sound pretty calm about the whole thing. It seems like everything's moving too fast. Aren't you worried he's going to kill her before the experiment has a chance to run its course?\" \"There's no danger of that. Even in the state she's in, The Childlike Empress isn't as powerless as he seems to think she is.\" \"Yes, but it seems we have another problem now.\" Thoth interjected. \"You remember what you read about the Luckdragon hearing a voice of warning before he rescued the others from that witch?\" Fay didn't even look at them as she resumed her seat on the little stool. The book remained open in front of her surrounded by candlelight. \"Did you find anything out?\" Thoth turned to their associate. \"Nag, why don't you explain to Fay what you just told me?\" \"I stretched my senses earlier.\" Nag explained. \"I can sense another human on the edge of Fantasia. There must be someone else reading The Neverending Story.\" \"Looks like Atreyu guessed right.\" Fay mused. \"Do you know who it is?\" \"No. But if you join your powers with mine, perhaps you'll be able to sense their heart so we can find out what they want.\" \"Very well.\" Fay held out her hand. Nag took it in one of its own. Its short haired hand with its long claw tipped fingers dwarfed hers. A soft violet glow radiated from their joined hands as Fay closed her eyes and Nag sniffed the air. After a moment they released each other and Fay returned her attention to the book. \"Well?\" Thoth asked impatiently. Nag crouched eagerly near where she sat. \"Fay what did you see?\" \"We'll allow it to continue.\" She replied. \"Is he a danger to our work?\" Thoth inquired. \"He shouldn't be. If he's reading the book for Adair's sake then he won't be able to see us. The Neverending Story will continue to follow her. He'll only be made aware of our actions if we interact with her.\" \"He?\" Nag squealed in excitement. \"Adair never mentioned a boy!\" \"Calm yourself Nag.\" Thoth scolded. \"Fay there must be another reason you're allowing this to go on. It's not like you to leave a variable in one of your games.\" \"It might allow us to gather more data.\" \"How do you figure?\" Thoth wondered, but when the idea struck him he grimaced. \"Wait, don't tell me.\" \"You've guessed it.\" She said as the beginnings of a smirk tugged at her mouth. \"He's been touched by the Strongest Magic.\" The flight was much slower this time since Falkor was actually sleeping while the three rode on his back, and Adair was grateful. Still she was very envious of Deisha's ability to fall sound asleep on the back of the flying Luckdragon. The young Plains girl was slumped forward behind her, still straddling Falkor with her face buried in his soft white mane that ran along the back of his scaled body. No matter how used to flying Adair got (and she was still nowhere near used to it) she would never feel confident enough to sleep while flying. Night had come to Fantasia and the sky was blanketed in shimmering stars as bright as the lights of any city and far more breathtaking. Atreyu had been so quiet, and the way he positioned himself Adair wondered if he might be asleep too. He startled her when he spoke. \"Don't worry, we should be at the Ivory Tower by midday tomorrow.\" The lack of sleep and the cold air was stinging her eyes so much that they watered. She needed to keep herself awake or she'd slip into sleep. \"So what's the plan once we get to the Ivory Tower?\" \"We take you to see Moon Child.\" \"You mean the Childlike Empress?\" she asked, not missing the reverence with which he spoke her name. \"Why do you call her that? Everyone else just calls her the Empress.\" He was silent for a moment and she wondered if she'd offended him. \"I suppose it's because I know her better than most Fantasians. There are those of us who get to see her when the Magnolia Pavilion opens, and some who go their entire lives without ever getting that gift. And then there are some like me who are granted the chance to enter her Pavilion and see her face to face.\" \"Like you?\" \"Yes. I met her once many years ago and spoke with her.\" She inched forward to hear him better. It was a calm night so they didn't need to shout over the wind to be heard, but for some reason he kept dropping his voice so she had to strain to hear him. \"What's she like?\" \"She's the source of all life in Fantasia. She doesn't really rule us like a king or a queen, but we all depend on her and her guidance.\" \"That's not what I meant. What's she really like? You've met her, you can tell me.\" Again it took him a moment to answer. \"It's hard to describe. I had always known she was powerful so when I met her I was surprised at how gentle she was. I'll never forget the way that I felt just being in her presence.\" \"Do you love her?\" Adair asked. She had wondered for a while now. There was just something about the way that Atreyu spoke about her that was different from the others. Since she'd arrived she'd heard this mysterious empress addressed by all kinds of titles, each with reverence and respect, but no one had spoken of her in that personal way that Atreyu did. \"I suppose, in a way. For anyone in Fantasia it's a fact of life that we're all loyal to her. No one would ever think of harming her. Every Fantasian knows that they owe their life to Moon Child. But after the day I entered her pavilion it was different for me. I've felt her presence stronger, or at least I'm more aware of it than I was before. I can feel her care, the love she has for every living thing in Fantasia, even the darkest beings that have walked it.\" Adair sighed. She wondered what that must be like, to feel so strongly that someone cared about you. She also wondered what it was like for Moon Child to be able to care about others so freely. \"Do you think she'll be able to send me home?\" \"If that's her will.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Moon Child's decisions are often difficult to understand because she understands so much more than we ever will.\" Adair frowned. \"Why wouldn't she want to send me home?\" \"Every Human who has ever come to Fantasia has done so for a reason.\" She sighed. \"Don't tell me you believe what that little guy said about me coming to save this place. Trust me I'm no hero. All this stuff going on with those monsters isn't really my thing.\" \"If you say so.\" Atreyu replied. \"But I wouldn't be so quick to discount yourself. We never would have saved the others from Shadeseeker if it hadn't been for you.\" \"Come on I was just the bait. You would have been fine without me.\" \"But that took great courage. And you were very clever to come up with that plan.\" She'd tell herself later she'd imagined it, but she caught a note of admiration in his voice when he said that. \"Perhaps your coming here is just as much for you as it is for us.\" She was silent for a moment, not sure what he'd meant. \"What does that mean?\" \"Adair, you aren't the first Human I've known. The last one who came to Fantasia was one of my truest friends. He came in a time when Fantasia had great need of him. But just as we needed him to save us, he needed Fantasia. He came here to learn something that could only be learned here, and when he returned it's said that he saw his world with new eyes. Maybe you're here for the same reason.\" She looked out over the countryside that was rolling by beneath them. \"I'll admit I haven't exactly taken to this place. Nearly everyone I've met has either wanted to kill me or they want something from me except for you and Falkor.\" Atreyu smiled. He wanted to explain to her that Deisha wasn't really as bad as she seemed but he thought better of it. \"You've only seen a part of Fantasia. Wait until we reach the Ivory Tower and you go to see Moon Child.\" Something about the way he explained that she'd be seeing Moon Child tomorrow made her anxious. \"Aren't you going to go in with me?\" \"I can't.\" he explained. \"No one can see the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes more than once.\" This was a surprise to her to say the least. Atreyu had spoken of Moon Child like she had been a lifelong friend. \"You mean you haven't seen her one time since that day you first met her? Not once?\" She could hear the smile in his voice. \"Once was enough.\" They flew in silence for some time which she broke by trying to stifle a yawn. \"You need to sleep.\" He admonished her. \"Fat chance. I'll fall off.\" \"If you fell off then Falkor wouldn't be much of a Luckdragon now would he?\" This did little to persuade her. Atreyu leaned toward the side and reached into one of the pouches he had secured to Falkor that held their provisions. He pulled out a thick blanket woven from the hair of the purple buffalo and handed it to her. \"Here, this will help.\" She wrapped herself in it and found that the thick buffalo hair warmed her instantly from the cold night air. She was glad of this, but it made fighting off sleep that much harder. \"You can trust me.\" He promised. \"Just hold onto me and go to sleep. I promise I won't let you fall.\" Nearly every basic instinct Adair had was telling her not to agree to this, all except one; the one that was telling her she hadn't slept in nearly two days and she needed rest. She rested her head against the soft leather of Atreyu's vest and wrapped her arms tightly around his waist. Her eyelids grew heavier and heavier each time she blinked, and finally they stayed closed. Her breathing grew slow and peaceful. Atreyu smiled. Adair was asleep. \"Now what's that look for?\" Mr. Bux asked, returning with the promised soda for Jason and the saucer of milk for the cat that still lay stretched across the armrest. \"Everything going alright for your friend?\" \"A little too alright.\" Jason scowled. Adair sighed. She wondered what that must be like, to feel so strongly that someone cared about you. That passage read itself over and over again in his mind and it cut him deeply. I care about you. He thought. He'd been her best friend since the fourth grade. And all this time he'd believed it had been obvious to her that he was there for her. But the Adair he was reading about seemed completely oblivious to the fact. Her thoughts had mentioned Rosemary, Brian, Jamie, Lizzie, and even Iole in passing. But not once had he read of her thinking about him. And the way she spoke to this Atreyu character seemed to burn him more than anything else. She seemed so open with him, so willing to talk. She seemed interested in what he had to say more than she ever had been with him. What was he doing to her that she was letting her guard down so easily? \"I just don't trust this guy she's traveling with right now.\" Mr. Bux took a seat on one of the smaller padded chairs that were stationed in each corner of the shop. \"Guy? Tell me, who is this companion she's travelling with.\" \"Just some guy she met when she went there. He's playing her, he has to be.\" \"What makes you so sure?\" \"I'm her best friend. I think I should know when someone's toying with her. Not even I can get her to talk like he can.\" Mr. Bux seemed unconcerned, taking a book of his own out of the shelf near him and opening it. \"Maybe you're looking at this the wrong way. Maybe this young man she's met simply has a gift for making others feel comfortable.\" \"But Adair doesn't get comfortable. You don't get it, she doesn't make friends. She won't try to. I have to fight to hold her attention and there's still a lot she won't share with me. And she shares even less with her family. She's spent her whole life pushing people away. It's just the way she is. He has to be tricking her somehow. Don't the people in this book have some kind of magic?\" \"It's possible.\" The old man replied. \"It seems like she's landed herself in a magical world so there may be some who possess magical abilities. And you may have a point. I didn't speak with her for very long but she did seem like quite the introverted young lady. What was the name of this character you've grown so suspicious of?\" Jason's lip curled in a sneer. \"Atreyu, and he sounds like a total tool.\" Up until that moment Mr. Bux had been as casual and friendly as he'd ever been, if a little mysterious. He had never said whether or not he believed Jason's story of his friend being trapped in a book she may or may not have gotten from his shop. But at that moment he lifted his eyes to Jason and narrowed his gaze harshly. \"Atreyu\" he began firmly \"is the truest bravest soul in all of Fantasia, and you will not speak of him in such a manner again am I understood?\" Jason was taken aback by the old man's sudden change of mood. In all the time he'd known the eccentric old shopkeeper he had never seen him angry, and Jason had on more than one occasion done something foolish while helping around the shop that could make even the most patient soul angry. But this was the first time he had seen true indignation from Mr. Bux. He nodded meekly and the two of them didn't speak on it further. They went on reading their respective books, but Jason continued to wonder what had gotten into the old man. That was when he remembered something Atreyu had said to Adair. \"The last human who came to Fantasia was one of my truest friends.\" Of one thing Jason was now certain. Mr. Bux knew exactly what had happened to Adair. And not just by mere knowledge. Bastian Balthazar Bux knew by experience what was woven in the pages of the Neverending Story.[Chapter 6] A/N: I believe I owe an explanation for my extended absence. My apologies. I began work on this chapter right after I uploaded the last one and was about halfway there when my computer crashed. I needed to wait two weeks to get it repaired only to find that everything I had typed had been erased. Getting up motivation to write can be hard. Getting motivation to rewrite what you've already written is nearly impossible. But I didn't give up and here it is. As always many thanks for reading, I don't own \"The Neverending Story\" or any characters therein. I would appreciate some reviews to let me know how I'm doing with this one since it's by far the largest undertaking in fanfiction I've ever done. I'd especially like any advice that can be given on Adair's character since some days I feel like she's suffering from Kristen Stewart Syndrome (I.E. only able to display one emotion and the rest of the time being dull and lifeless). Any constructive criticism is appreciated. Thank you. Chapter 5: The Nightmare King Even with the speed of a Luckdragon our four traveling companions soon learned that their enemy always had their ear to the ground and was one step ahead. \"The Ivory Tower is just over that Horizon!\" Atreyu had called. But no sooner had he said it then a frightening black cloud appeared in their path. \"Look!\" Deisha called, pointing to the darkness that was drawing closer to them as they flew onward to their destination. As it flew closer and closer they felt a sense of dread descend on them as one by one they realized that it was no cloud that was flying toward them but a murder of crows. But they weren't really crows at all. They were far too big, and each with one glowing red eye in the center of their heads. Every one had their eye centered on one thing; the Luckdragon and its riders. The clouds in the sky had darkened and begun to thunder, and with each flap the dark clouds would swirl around their wings. \"Demons.\" Atreyu hissed. And soon the great black birds had the Luckdragon flying excitedly back and forth while the two warriors from the plains had their bows out with arrows notched. But they found just as they had with their previous encounters with demons that their arrows simply bounced off the monsters with only glancing blows. The only thing that protected them was Falkor's fire. With a jet of blue flames he scorched the fist wave of them. The great birds fell to the earth screeching. But they were great in number and these appeared to learn from their fallen members fairly quickly. As three of them neared the Luckdragon, Falkor stretched his great maw wide, but before his flames could ignite the three demons split off to circle him instead, one of them getting close enough to rake its talons along his side. Falkor's injury slowed him a little, but it was enough for them to be caught on all sides by the murderous birds. The black storm clouds that swirled around their wings made all the world dark around them. Adair clung ever tighter to Atreyu as Falkor zig-zagged and doubled back to avoid their attacks. \"There's too many of them!\" Falkor called despairingly. \"What do we do?\" Atreyu cried to be heard over the screeching and wailing of the demon birds. \"Whatever happens, you two must get Adair to the Ivory Tower!\" Adair felt Atreyu tense, and in that instant she knew what Falkor meant, though she was as ready to accept this as Atreyu was. \"Falkor, you can't! How will you fare on your own against them?\" Through what little light that was left to them, the companions saw Falkor turn his great head to wink one of his great ruby eyes at them. \"With luck.\" \"How will we make it there without you?\" \"With luck.\" Falkor said again. \"There's no time to argue. We're just going to have act and sort everything out later. Now whatever you do, hold onto one another and don't let go no matter what. Adair, please forgive me for this.\" Adair winced inwardly. \"For what?\" But instead of answering her the Luckdragon halted suddenly, springing his back upward and catapulting the three of them off of him. The last the three saw of Falkor, he was surrounded by the circling flock of demon birds, waving one of his great claws after them, whether to cheer them on or to say good-bye they weren't sure. As they were shot from the black storm cloud they lost sight of him altogether. The sky was clear above them and Adair was all too aware of the ground five thousand feet below rushing up to meet them. She wanted to scream but instead she felt a hand clasping tightly around her wrist. It was Atreyu, and he was reaching for her, his dark gaze as steady and calm as she'd always known it to be. He was shouting something at her, but the wind around them was too fierce for her to hear. He was flailing his other arm desperately to get a hold of her. She had just enough awareness remaining through the fear to reach back and clasp his other arm. Their joined arms kept them steady in their fall where they otherwise would have gone down a flailing and spinning cluster of limbs. Out of the corner of her eye she could see Deisha who had been flung farther clinging to Atreyu's ankle. The rushing air stung her eyes and whipped her sand colored hair all around her in a frenzy. She kept her eyes on Atreyu's, if only to avoid looking down at the ground. His features tensed with the effort of pulling her closer to him through the air. Soon he had a grip on both her elbows. He was allowing Deisha to pull herself further up, wrapping his other leg around her. Finally they were close enough that she could hear what Atreyu was shouting to her. \"Adair look down!\" \"I'd rather not!\" \"Look!\" he said again. Reluctantly she lowered her gaze. A jolt shot through her stomach at seeing how high they were and the ground moving beneath them. But after a moment it struck her. The ground beneath them seemed to be moving, but not toward them. They weren't falling, they were flying over it. A flicker of movement caught her eye and she looked around to see familiar figures flying all around them, each one no longer than her forearm, and some as small as her hand, each with fluttering iridescent wings; the fairies of Octavia's court. They had been saved at the last minute and were now being carried over the landscape of Fantasia by the fairies' magic. \"There it is!\" Atreyu pointed over the horizon. Adair turned to see what he was pointing at. At first it appeared as little more than a great white mountain jutting out of the landscape, one so high it seemed to pierce the heavens. The clouds swirled around its peak like a halo. As they drew nearer she realized it wasn't a mountain at all. They were now close enough that she could make out innumerable towers and turrets all fitted together seamlessly by stairways and arches. The word \"tower\" had certainly been misleading for it was as big as an entire city. She remembered the night before when she had told Atreyu how everything she had seen thus far in Fantasia had frightened her, and his promise that the Ivory Tower when they reached it would outweigh everything. It did all this and more. Her eyes were watering at the beauty of the Ivory Tower. A rich scent filled her nose and she felt compelled to look below them. At first glance the land below looked covered in a great hedge maze. This it was, but there was so much more to it. The labyrinth seemed to stretch from horizon to horizon, reaching to the very slopes of the Ivory Tower. And scattered throughout this magnificent garden were flowers of every shape and color. Some she recognized, but others she was sure could not possibly exist in the human world. She could see movement below that told her there was wildlife in the labyrinth. And such life there was. In one clearing of cool green grass she saw two young unicorns of purest white frolicking to and fro. In another clearing where a gurgling water fountain stood at its center she spied a group of laughing nymphs dancing in a circle while a satyr played for them on his wooden flute. She even thought she saw a phoenix perched on the branches of one of the fruit trees that seemed as plentiful as the flowers. She felt the wind carrying her upward as they neared the Ivory Tower that now shimmered in the light of the rising sun. She noticed now where she hadn't before that she was no longer gripping Atreyu. They were flying side by side and his hand was clasped around hers. Deisha was on his other side, and the three of them soared over the great garden as though by their own power rather than the magic winds of the fairies. The wind carried them higher and higher up the side of the Ivory Tower until at last Adair could see the summit. At the very crown of the tower she could see it; a grand terrace, at the center of which sat a great pavilion in the shape of a magnolia blossom. She had to admit Atreyu had been right. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. At last they reached the terrace just below the highest where a committee of welcomers waited, each robed in white and gold with hoods drawn. The fairies' magic placed them lightly on their feet where the hooded imperial grooms greeted them. One of them held out a golden cup in front of him. \"The cup of welcoming.\" she heard Atreyu whisper to her. The groom held it out to him first and he took a sip from it politely. Then the groom handed it to Adair. She followed Atreyu's lead and took a sip of the water it carried. Secretly she wanted to drink down the whole thing. The journey and the terror of near death had left her so parched. But she had a feeling that would be seen as inappropriate at such a solemn occasion. Deisha was the last of the three to drink before the grooms passed it between themselves. When they'd all drunk from the cup Adair heard another flutter of wings and at last saw someone she recognized. \"Thank the Empress you three are alright.\" Octavia sighed in her light breathy voice as she floated to the center of the gathering, hovering above the ground as always and still arrayed in her gown of autumn leaves. \"My court appears to have arrived just in time. What a stroke of luck.\" \"Yes.\" Atreyu agreed, and Adair heard the sadness in his voice. \"Luck.\" \"Atreyu!\" the door to the council chamber burst open so loudly that it echoed, but not loud enough to cover the boisterous cries of General Heremoor as he stormed into the chamber. It was a circular room of white ivory like the rest of the tower with high backed chairs lining the walls. And on the floor was emblazoned a symbol Adair recognized from the cover of the book that had brought her here; two snakes intertwining in a circle and biting one anothers' tale, one dark and one white. Atreyu, Adair, and Deisha had been led by Octavia to this chamber to await the high Fantasian Council. General Heremoor was the first to enter, looking far less suited up than when the party had seen him last. He'd forgone his full armor for a blue silk tunic with the same sun pattern as was burned onto his armor, but this did not make him any less formidable in appearance, and he still retained his steel gauntlets and boots. Strapped to his back he still carried his great sword. He took great strides across the room directly to where Atreyu rose from his seat to meet him, looking a tad intimidated as the General came to tower over him. \"Good to see you again General. When did you return?\" \"You cannot hide anything from me Atreyu.\" Heremoor said sternly. Then suddenly and quite unexpectedly his eyes began to water. In one sweeping movement he caught Atreyu up in his arms in a bone-crushing embrace. \"How tragic! To lose your most faithful companion in such a cruel twist of fate as this! What incomparable bravery for Falkor to fling the three of you to safety at the cost of his own! What a valiant sacrifice! Come Atreyu and weep for your comrade with me!\" \"Put him down.\" Adair said at once. \"He doesn't need to weep for anyone because he knows that's not going to do any good.\" It felt a little bold of her to voice Atreyu's thoughts for him, but this is what she believed herself and Atreyu looked in no position to speak up while the giant crushed him. At this, General Heremoor's intense gaze shifted to her. She was surprised to find hurt in his eyes which were still spilling with tears. This man despite his great size was highly emotional, a contrast she wasn't used to. \"Such a heartless thing to say. Atreyu has just lost his closest companion, his brother in arms! Surely we must take a moment to consider his sacrifice.\" \"No Adair's right.\" Atreyu said as he managed to slip from the General's grip. \"Falkor saved us so we could reach Moon Child and save Fantasia, not so we could weep for him.\" General Heremoor straightened himself, wiping his eyes as he did so. \"Such bravery. Truly you children are the future of Fantasia. You're absolutely right. There will be time for mourning and rejoicing later. Now is the time for action!\" \"You're far too emotional General.\" In the blink of an eye a very small finger appeared as if from thin air to flick General Heremoor squarely between the eyes. He winced and staggered backward. It was Lady Octavia who had joined the council chamber. She wagged her finger disapprovingly at Heremoor and Adair couldn't help but laugh to herself that someone as gigantic as the General could be brought low by the scolding of someone the size of his hand. \"Your moods change as quickly as the wind, and one day it will be the death of you if you don't learn to control that passion.\" \"Milady Octavia.\" Atreyu addressed her, ignoring the General. \"Any news from your court?\" When the fairy queen turned to him, her chestnut eyes were full of sympathy. \"I'm sorry Atreyu. We got there as quickly as we could, but there was no sign of him. Not of Falkor, nor the storm clouds, or the demons you said attacked you.\" Despite his earlier refusal to weep for Falkor, Atreyu hung his head. Deisha was out of her seat and at his side quickly, wrapping a comforting hand around his arm. The half-elf girl shot Adair a resentful glance over her shoulder. Does she think this is my fault? I didn't ask Falkor to do that for us. I don't even want to be here. I just want to go home. But then again, wasn't that the reason Atreyu had brought her to the Ivory Tower? She shook those thoughts from her head quickly. She didn't know why the Plains Girl tossed her dirty looks at every opportunity, but it shouldn't matter. These were characters in a book, and the first thing she was going to do when she got out was take that very book back to the man she'd stolen it from and throw it in his face. She still wasn't entirely convinced she wasn't dreaming, so there was no way she was letting herself get caught up in the lives of these characters that may or may not exist. After all, that was what had landed her in ths position in the first place. She shouldn't feel bad about any of this. So why do I? She thought again. Something about Atreyu's fallen countenance and the way Falkor had waved farewell to them ate at her like the time she had first begun reading and called out to Atreyu for fear of his safety. None of this made sense to her. \"Of one thing the General spoke true.\" came a small voice that sounded too young to be so stern. She turned to the doorway of the chamber to see a small boy no older than ten dressed in a white robe that seemed to swallow his small frame. He carried with him a metal staff twice as tall as he was, and his face was round and childish. But his round blue eyes looked far older even set in his young face. \"Now is the time for action.\" \"Indeed.\" came yet another voice, this one accompanied by a steady clip-clop sound as hoofs met the marble floor. The last councilor to join them, Adair was stunned to see was a centaur, but different from the kind she'd learned about in that painful course in Greek Mythology she'd been subjected to in sixth grade. He had the top half of a man, and the bottom half of a horse, but that half was patterned with black and white stripes like a zebra. His top half was dark skinned, making his long snow white hair and beard startling. On his head he wore a broad rimmed had made of straw. \"It's good to see you Atreyu. You've grown.\" \"Chiron!\" Atreyu dashed across the chamber to meet him. The boy clasped the centaur's hand and the two embraced like old friends. Adair crept to Deisha's side. \"They know each other?\" she whispered. Deisha didn't look at her, but whispered back keeping her eyes on Atreyu and the Centaur. \"That's Chiron, the most famous physician in Fantasia. Years ago when the Empress took ill she sent Chiron to call on Atreyu to save her. He traveled to the plains to send Atreyu on his first great quest.\" \"As I said,\" the little boy announced once more, \"there will be time for this later. For now take your seats.\" He stamped the end of his staff on the ground with an air of authority. The councilors had finally gathered in the chamber (or rather all those that were present at the tower, for the council of Fantasia was vast and had members scattered all over its lands, not all of whom could be present). In number currently there were ten; General Heremoor, Octavia, the little boy, Chiron the centaur, a blue skinned djinn with a white turban, a glittering snow sprite, a bearded dwarf, an elf prince with glittering gold hair and a mischiefous smile, a little gnome with a shriveled face that was shorter than even Octavia and had to be helped into his seat, and a tree spirit who looked like a woman with bark for flesh, branches for limbs, and moss for hair. They each took their seats as the boy had demanded, though Chiron really had no choice but to stand since none of the high backed chairs would accommodate him. As they sat down, Deisha seemed determined not to sit by Adair, so Atreyu was caught between the two of them. Adair was grateful to have him to direct her questions at instead. \"Who's the kid?\" she asked, genuinely perplexed that the small child seemed to carry so much weight in this gathering. \"Councillor Gandarin\" Atreyu explained, speaking of the boy \"is a Sassafranian. They are born old and they die young, so by their standards he's near ancient.\" Again she wanted to laugh. The boy was so small, and made to look even more frail by his cumbersome robe. He reminded her of Jamie when he tried to wear Brian's hand-me-downs. The Sassafranian boy was the only one who remained standing. He made his way around the room to stand directly in front of Adair. \"So this is the Human. What is your name child?\" Here we go again. Adair thought. \"Adair Alicia Artemis.\" She used her full name because for some reason she knew that Fantasians expected that kind of thing. \"In my long years I have never heard tell of a human entering Fantasia without the aid of the Childlike Empress. How did you manage that?\" There was an air of suspicion in his voice as he focused his bright blue eyes on her. \"I don't know.\" Adair answered honestly. \"I was hoping your Empress could tell me.\" she didn't let the title escape disdain as she uttered it, though she knew it probably wasn't a good idea. And indeed she could feel the other council members exchanging glances. \"How are you so certain Adair's coming here isn't the Empress' will?\" It was Atreyu who spoke. Councilor Gandarin turned to him. \"What do you mean Atreyu?\" \"Exactly what I said councilor. How are you so certain that the Empress didn't bring her here?\" Gandarin took a moment to answer. \"Because she doesn't possess AURYN. Whenever a human enters Fantasia they've always been known to be given the Glory by the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes herself.\" \"I've never heard that.\" Atreyu answered calmly. \"And Moon Child's decisions have never been easily understood. Some of them are unfathomable to the likes of us.\" \"Atreyu,\" Octavia interrupted in her soft voice. \"What are you saying?\" \"No disrespect Milady Octavia, but I believe you know. And if it pleases the Council I would like to take the floor.\" The councilors exchanged wary glances and Adair wondered if Atreyu carried the same authority here as he did among his own people. He certainly spoke boldly enough, but she guessed he would no matter what the circumstances. He was like her that way. Even Deisha's hot temper seemed to be curbed by the atmosphere of this place and the company of the council. But Atreyu was as straightforward and direct as he had always been. \"Very well.\" Gandarin moved to return to his seat. \"Atreyu, Warrior of the Plains People you may take the floor.\" Chiron announced. Atreyu rose from his seat and moved to the center of the floor, looking each council member in the eye as he spoke. \"You have all heard by now that Fantasia's lands are being threatened by these monsters we have chosen to call demons. Even the vilest of the Creatures of Darkness can call themselves Fantasians, but these demons are monsters of even darker evil. Their presence is not of Fantasia, nor any other world I know of. Before they appeared I have only encountered an entity of that nature one other time. Its name was Gmork. It took the form of a wolf, but in truth it had no true form other than darkness. It told me it had no world to call its own, though it could travel freely between them. I had only to gaze into its soulless eyes to know that was true. Gmork was a creature that did not belong anywhere, one that should not exist. These demons are like Gmork.\" \"Be brief Atreyu.\" Gandarin snapped. \"What does any of this have to do with your inquiries of the Childlike Empress?\" Adair suppressed a smirk at hearing the small child use a word as big as \"inquiries\". She wondered if she could ever take the Sassafranian seriously. \"What I mean,\" Atreyu went on \"is that Gmork is the only other creature like the demons I have ever met, and it came to this world when Fantasia was being consumed by the Nothing.\" A visible shudder rippled through the council members. Even the fearless Genereal Heremoor's hands tightened. \"It came at a time when the Empress was ill. So what I am asking the council is this; is there something wrong with the Childlike Empress?\" There was silence at first, then a slow murmur as the council members whispered to one another. Adair remembered back to the village when Atreyu had asked similar questions to Heremoor and Octavia but had been shrugged off. She now realized he had guessed this from the beginning. General Heremoor sighed. \"Well we couldn't hide it forever.\" \"Hold your tongue General!\" Gandarin barked. \"What's the point? He's already guessed.\" Atreyu sighed. \"Then I was right?\" \"She isn't sick Atreyu.\" Octavia assured him. \"Then what?\" he demanded. \"It's difficult to explain. I think it would be best if Adair went in to see her before we begin any further instruction.\" Adair flushed suddenly as the entire council turned their eyes on her. \"Why me?\" \"Well you are the first human to come to Fantasia in a great while. Perhaps this is something only you can do.\" \"Do what?\" Adair huffed in frustration. \"Look there's really nothing special about me. I'm a nobody, a Plain Jane. I've gone my whole life struggling just to be average. So if it's a miracle you guys want there's nothing I can do. Sorry.\" she sighed, slumping down into her chair and dropping her eyes to her shoes. \"I just want to go home.\" Chiron shook his head. \"If that is what you desire, then a miracle you must produce my child, because the Empress is the only one with the power to send you home.\" \"Adair,\" she looked up to see Atreyu offering her his hand. \"You have more power than you know simply because you're human. You won't know unless you try.\" He turned his head to address the council. \"I will take Adair to the Magnolia Pavilion for an audience with the Empress.\" For some reason Adair didn't understand, the one who they all looked at to make the decision was Octavia who was smiling sympathetically at the two of them. \"Granted.\" Adair let Atreyu lead her from the chamber and up the steps. The council chamber was the highest room in the tower below the Magnolia Pavilion, and the door on the north side led to a winding staircase that to Adair's dismay wound around the outside of the tower's highest spire. The clouds blew heedlessly around them and the slow careless way they seemed to close in on them as they made their passage through the sky made her think they were laughing at her. \"You knew about this didn't you?\" she asked Atreyu, more to distract her from their height than to confirm her earlier suspicions. Had no one in all of Fantasia thought to put handrails on these stairs? \"About what? If this is about your fear of heights again, I thought the word 'tower' would imply such.\" \"No I mean about the Empress. How long have you known something was wrong with her?\" He led her further up the steps. They were beginning to come out of the clouds and she could see an opening into a terrace above them. \"Remember what I told you about how I can feel her presence stronger than most Fantasians?\" He spoke solemnly his voice carried a sadness in it. \"It's begun to grow faint over the years. It's barely a whisper now. At first I thought it was because I was losing the connection I had to her. But my faith in Moon Child has always been strong. As strange as it sounds, I'm actually glad to find that I was right.\" \"What do you think is wrong with her?\" At last they had reached the top of the stairs and made their way onto the terrace. It was as grand as the rest of the tower, enclosed in ivory walls made to look like the petals of a great flower closing in around it. What was most striking about it was that it appeared to be a garden. But in this garden everything, the flowers, the trees, even the water that spouted from the fountains seemed to be made of Ivory. And in the very center, at the end of the trail of bridges and walkways they were meant to follow stood the Magnolia Pavilion; a great Ivory flower with its petals closed. At its base the petals opened just enough to allow one to pass through, but she couldn't see within for a blinding light emitted from it. \"I don't know. But I suppose the council thinks you can do something about it.\" He stopped suddenly at the end of the second bridge. They had passed through the gate into the Ivory Garden, but now he stopped at the second gate. \"I can't go with you any farther. I'll wait for you here.\" An anxiety gripped her chest. \"What do I say?\" \"Just tell her why you're here. And remember, when you address her in person you must call her the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes.\" She swallowed and took a step forward through the gate. \"One more thing.\" he called after her and she tossed a glance over her shoulder. \"Go as far as you can on your own, but don't try to go the whole way.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because no one enters the Magnolia Pavilion on their own. They can get nearly there, but the rest of the way must come to them as a gift.\" She wasn't sure what to make of that, but she nodded anyway and turned to make her way toward the pavilion. She kept her eyes forward, her head racing in a hundred different directions. What would she say to the Empress? What would she be like? The word empress conjured up stern paintings of Queen Elizabeth all stiff and humorless, arrayed in layers of finery. But if that were true why did they all call her the Childlike Empress? Why did they call her the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes? Were her eyes really gold? The thought of that invoked images of a wolf, and that only served to frighten her more. As she drew nearer to the doorway into the pavilion the light from within grew steadily brighter. With each step the light hid more of the Ivory Garden from view until at last it was all she could see. Its brightness and warmth hit her like a wall and she covered her eyes to protect them from its brilliance. She felt the light's warmth subside slowly and at length she felt safe enough to lower her arm. When she opened her eyes, she would never be able to say how but there she was inside the grand dome of the Magnolia Pavilion. In the center was a great round couch, and at the center of this couch Adair came face to face with the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes. Balanced on the round couch perfectly as if held by strings was a shimmering crystal that caught the light within the pavilion. And within this glimmering crystal, hovering at its center as though she too were held by strings was the Childlike Empress. She was an indescribably beautiful girl whose small form looked no older than ten, and frail at that. Her slight body was wrapped in a simple gown of purest white, and her long hair that swept down around her shoulders like the wings of an angel was as white as snow. But her eyes were closed as if she were fast asleep. Yet despite that, her face looked for all the world that she was pleading. Her serene beauty was enough to touch even the heart of Adair, and to see a being of such purety trapped behind the crystal glass made Adair do something she hadn't done for ten years. Tears spilled from her eyes and down her face. Jason felt a jolting sensation shoot through his chest as he came to this passage. In that moment, something incredible had happened. As he'd read the book he didn't know if it was the imagery it invoked, or the very real sense of Adair's peril, but he'd been able to picture the world of Fantasia quite clearly. All of it; Falkor, Atreyu, Deisha, the funny band of messengers, the members of the Council, even the witch Shadeseeker, each held a fresh image in his head. But that was all it was. It was in his head. But when Adair had reached the Magnolia Pavilion and had seen the Childlike Empress, everything she had seen he had seen. He wasn't imagining it, he could see it with his eyes. And what they both had seen had made both he and Adair's eyes water at the sight. Even as the image faded from his sight and he continued to read, the memory of the image was powerful enough to make his heart want to break. This was what was wrong with the Childlike Empress. Adair slid her hand down the crystal's surface wondering what, if anything, she could do. There had to be some way of freeing this girl. But the crystal was more than the mere surface. It was solid all the way to the core that held her. Her eye caught on something she hadn't noticed before. Hanging around the neck of the Empress was a strange medallion. Squinting against the light she recognized the symbol, the same as the one on the floor of the council chamber and on the cover of the Neverending Story ; two snakes, one dark and one white intertwining in a circle biting one another's tale. She felt the crystal pulse then, and it was sharp enough to stagger her and make her step back. She stared in wonder at the crystal that held the Empress and saw it start to glow. The light rose and faded in rhythm like the beating of a heart. As it pulsed she heard a low humming. She couldn't be sure but the hum sounded like a cluster of voices saying only one thing over and over. Go back. Go back. Go back. She didn't understand. What did they mean \"go back\"? Hadn't they wanted her to come here? Hadn't that been the point? To do what others in Fantasia could not? With bitterness she shook her head and wiped her eyes dry. She'd been foolish to hope, even for that brief second that she could change anything. She'd long ago come to terms with her own powerlessness, why should she start to hope now? \"Fine.\" she muttered to no one in particular. The crystal continued to pulse and those same voices seemed to ring in her ears like the lingering of a blast she'd been too close to. She raised her voice and shouted back at them. \"Fine I'll go!\" She took care to dry her eyes thoroughly before leaving the pavilion. The same light swallowed her again and she found herself right at the gate where she and Atreyu had parted ways, stunned and not sure how she had gotten there. Atreyu also seemed surprised to see her again so suddenly. They stared at one another in silence for a moment until finally he asked her. \"What happened?\" \"I was right.\" she said in a harsh voice. \"There was nothing I could do.\" \"Something the matter?\" The tired voice of Mr. Bux broke Jason from his reverie as the old man returned from the back room. With some embarassment he realized that his eyes were still wet from what the book had shown him. \"I saw her.\" The old man sighed as he fell back into his chair. \"And who might that be?\" Jason shot him a glare. He was tired of Mr. Bux playing dumb when he'd already given away what he knew. \"I think you know. I saw her.\" he said again. The two stared at each other for a long while until finally Mr. Bux answered \"Vivid book is it not?\" \"It's more than vivid. It's real. But you already knew that didn't you.\" It wasn't a question, it was a demand to come clean. \"Well of course it's real. Every story is real. At one time or another each story was someone's dream. Surely you didn't think such a thing could be confined to words on a page. And Fantasia is the home of every single human dream. They exist because we dream them up, and we dream because they exist.\" \"Well which is it?\" Jason demanded. \"Is Fantasia there because we dreamed it up, or did it come to us so we could dream?\" \"Both.\" was Mr. Bux's one word answer to that query. Jason was about to give up on finding any more out when the old man asked a question of his own. \"So you saw Moon Child then? Beautiful isn't she.\" On this Jason had to agree. \"She's the most beautiful face I've ever seen.\" Well almost he thought to himself. \"How is she faring?\" Mr. Bux asked. \"Something's wrong with her.\" He went on to explain exactly what Adair (and in turn he) had seen in the Magnolia Pavilion. \"How could that happen?\" \"Who can say? Perhaps Moon Child, like so many dreams of her kind is being shut away and forgotten. The more important question is what does your friend Adair plan to do about it?\" \"Well she already tried. The crystal keeping Moon Child asleep held her back. There was nothing she could do.\" \"Perhaps.\" The old man said cryptically. \"Or perhaps that is simply what Adair believes.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Think about it boy. I didn't spend all this time with you in this bookshop because you have a dull wit. You have the answer.\" Jason thought about what Mr. Bux had said about Fantasia, how it was the world of human dreams. As he connected that and what it had to do with Adair a thought struck him. \"You mean Adair can dream a way to free Moon Child?\" \"Why not? The entire realm of Fantasia is the dreams of humans. As a human Adair is unaware of the power she holds there. If she wished, she could do anything there. The only thing that holds her back is herself.\" \"Okay, so the question is how to make Adair see that.\" Mr. Bux smiled. \"Perhaps that is what she came to Fantasia to learn. Keep reading boy. We won't learn anything more here.\" Atreyu led Adair back through the garden and down the stairway in silence. They were halfway to the council chamber when they were met unexpectedly by none other than General Heremoor. His eyes were solemn and his arms were folded. \"Well?\" he asked in a low voice. \"What happened? What did you see?\" \"Exactly what you expected me to see.\" Adair replied flatly. \"And? Did anything happen?\" But the General didn't need an answer. Their fallen countenances were enough. \"General,\" Atreyu said \"Why haven't you or the council told anyone about this?\" \"What good would that do?\" the General asked back. \"All we would do is send Fantasia into mass panic like when the Nothing was consuming it.\" \"How long as she been that way?\" the boy demanded. Heremoor hesitated. \"Ten years.\" \"Ten years? The Empress has been asleep for ten years?\" \"I am sorry Atreyu. Lady Octavia was the first one to discover it. She was granted an audience with the Empress. I don't know how, but she was the first of us to know that something was wrong. But when she got there, it was already too late. The Empress had fallen into a deep sleep and there was nothing she or anyone else could do to wake her. It was the Empress' own seven powers that chose to turn themselves into the crystal you saw to keep her protected. We had hoped that a human's coming meant that she would awaken. But it seems Councilor Gandarin was right. It can't have been the Empress' will that brought you here Adair. There is something very wrong in Fantasia.\" Adair thought about what that meant. The General's statement made her feel much like she did in Aunt Rosemary's house; like she didn't belong, and above all like no one wanted her there, like a puzzle piece that just didn't fit. She remembered how powerless she had felt in the pavilion, how she could do nothing to wake the Empress. But if that were true then why was she here? Had she simply traded one prison for another? Was there really no reason for her being here? She didn't have long to think on it though because at that moment they heard a scream. The sound of sheer terror split the air and rang in their ears. \"The Council chamber!\" Atreyu cried. \"Follow me!\" The General declared, gripping the hilt of his greatsword and taking off down the stairs. He was the first to reach the chamber since Atreyu was still dragging Adair by the hand and she was by far the slowest runner between the three of them. As they burst back into the chamber they were met with a most nightmarish sight. Lady Octavia was floating out of her seat backed up as far to the wall as she could get, her wings fluttering feverishly. The other council members as well as Deisha were deathly still in their seats, their eyes frozen to the dark specter that stood in the grand entryway to the chamber. \"So now you all know the truth.\" it spoke in a voice that was like the scraping of claws against treebark. The speaker was tall and broad shouldered, but hunched and shrouded in a cloak of darkest black with a hood drawn up to hide his face. But even beneath that an elongated snout lined with sharp cruel fangs protruded from beneath its shadow. \"The Human cannot save you.\" The General drew his sword and pointed its tip at the creature's head, taking a protective stance in front of Atreyu and Adair. \"Your name Monster. Who are you and how did you reach this council chamber?\" \"My name.\" the creature grinned beneath its hood. \"You may call me Lord Volrac, the Nightmare King.\" Volrac Adair thought. That had been the name Shadeseeker had uttered. This was the master of the Creatures of Darkness that were gathering in the Forest of Thorns. A shiver came over her as she watched a pair of claws appear from within the cloak, drawing it back. The creature wore black plated armor like that of a knight, but its stature suggested something more beast like beneath, as did the tufts of black fur that sprouted from the openings in the arms. It stood upright and drew back its hood and Adair gasped. The face of this nightmarish creature was that of a black wolf. But in place of fur at the crown of his head, long dark hair cascaded down his shoulders. Worst of all were his slitted eyes that glowed like green fire with an intense hatred. The face of Lord Volrac was frightening indeed, but that was not why Adair had gasped, nor was it why her legs had begun to tremble while her feet seemed rooted to the spot, suddenly as heavy as lead. It can't be. It can't be. \"You have all guessed by now,\" Volrac went on, speaking with his fanged maw. \"It was not the Childlike Empress who brought this human here. It was by my will, and it is my will that has shown you all the Childlike Empress as she has always been; powerless and weak.\" Atreyu stepped forward and his voice was unlike Adair had ever heard it. His voice and his whole body trembled with fury. \"You're the reason Moon Child is asleep! You're what's poisoning Fantasia!\" \"Poisoning?\" Volrac sounded amused. \"How can I poison what is already dying? No what I intend to do is create a new Fantasia. For too long has our world been bound to that frail child and her unfathomable will, and the will of these humans who dare to think themselves our creators when it is us who give them power. And for this reason have I begun this movement to rid us of these chains.\" General Heremoor swung his sword expertly. \"In that case then allow me to show you JUST HOW WEAK AND POWERLESS WE ARE!\" In a flash the General dashed forward, moving at a speed no one would think possible for someone of his size. He raised his sword high above his head. \"I'll cut that depraved head from your shoulders monster!\" Volrac's hand shot out from under his cloak again and shadows suddenly snaked out from him, wrapping themselves around the General's arms and legs. The great man was forced to his knees suddenly as if the shadows were chains being pulled down on him. \"General!\" Octavia cried. \"All of you remain in your seats.\" Volrac barked. \"It is not my intention to spill Fantasian blood this day. I am here for her.\" he raised his black furred hand and pointed his claw right at Adair. Atreyu stood in front of her, holding his arms out protectively. Through her haze of terror Adair realized that Atreyu had no weapon. His bow and his arrows as well as his knife had been taken from him at the door. \"Get out of my way boy. You are nothing but a relic of a bygone era, a dying Fantasia. You cannot hope to stand in the way of my vision.\" Volrac advanced on them undeterred, then stopped suddenly. He looked down and growled when he found that his feet were bound by vines that had shot magically from the floor. Behind the werewolf Octavia fluttered up and down furiously. \"Atreyu, get her out of here!\" The other members of the council had gotten out of their seats and were making to rush the monster, but Volrac leaned his head back and roared. The terrible sound filled the whole chamber and deafened them. Shadows erupted from his mouth and beneath the folds of his cloak like so much poison, pushing every member of the council back as though they were as solid as stone, slamming them into the walls of the chamber. Through all this Atreyu stood fast in front of her, digging his boots into the ground as best he could to keep himself from being pushed away. \"I said get out of my way!\" Volrac growled. he was towering over them now and Adair could smell his breath like the smoky metallic stench of sulfur. With one hand he grasped Atreyu by the throat. \"Atreyu!\" Deisha cried, leaping onto her seat and launching herself over the shadows. She landed on Volrac and grasped tightly to his shoulder, pounding her fist against his head as hard as she could. She may as well have been hitting a boulder for all the mind he paid her, for he flung her off of him as easily as shrugging off a coat. With an easy toss of his shoulder Deisha was thrown to the ground on her back. The shadows began to slither over her, keeping her down just as they were snaking their way over the rest of the chamber Atreyu took hold of Volrac's wrist with both hands as the werewolf's grip tightened. Even as he was lifted off the ground, his feet dangling helplessly, his dark eyed gaze remained defiant. But Adair could hear the air being choked out of him. Worse, she could see the pleasure in the monster's eyes as he strangled the breath from him. Not again. \"No. No! NO! NOOO!\" Adair's cries pierced the ears of those in the room, and with them came a light. Shadows can be very powerful. Not the typical shadows that you cast off of yourself during the daytime. Those are acually quite friendly and can play games with you if you let them. The kind that did Volrac's bidding were the stuff of nightmares. The kind that your fear makes slither around your bedroom at night while you try to convince yourself that nothing is there. But if the light is strong enough, then even the most hideous of shadows must retreat. And the one that burned around Adair now sent every shadow in the room shrieking back to whatever dark corner they could find. Volrac roared and dropped Atreyu at once who fell to his knees trying to regain his breath. With one claw to cover his burning greenish-yellow eyes he strained his vision against the light to see where it was coming from. Then he snarled in fury when it became clear. Hanging around Adair's neck by a thin chain of silver was a medallion of two snakes intertwining in a circle, one black and one white and biting each others' tale. \"AURYN.\" Volrac sneered in a most ugly way. \"You mean that even this is the will of the Childlike Empress?\" with burning malice he centered his hate-filled eyes on Adair. \"Are we forever to be chained to your will? MOON CHILD!\" The creature lunged, stretching his claws for her. She wrenched her eyes shut and in that moment the light from AURYN burned even brighter. Volrac let out a fierce howl before all went silent. When the light cleared Volrac was gone. The General was getting back to his feet, dragging his sword with him to where Volrac had been standing. \"I don't think we've quite seen the last of him.\" he said with dismay. Adair felt her balance wavering from all the excitement, still not quite grasping what had happened. Atreyu was at her side helping her stand. \"Are you alright?\" \"I think so.\" she lied. Those eyes, those hateful green eyes, right now she would do anything to shake them from her mind. Councilor Gandarin held both hands to his small blond head as if seized by a terrible headache. \"What just happened.\" \"It seems we were all wrong.\" Octavia was fluttering near Atreyu and Adair grinning. \"Adair was rescued by AURYN. That can only mean one thing. You've been chosen by the Childlike Empress.\"[Chapter 7] Chapter 6: It Looks Good On You Finding the monster that had attacked her gone was a small relief compared to the terror of finding that her nightmares were real. Even after the light had faded her eyes were glued to the spot where Volrac had just stood. \"Our scouts haven't yet found anyone within the tower who matched the description.\" General Herermoor reported. \"It's possible he wasn't really here at all.\" Chiron proposed. \"Perhaps he was simply a projection of dark magic like the shadows he attacked us with. It would explain how he was expelled by the light of AURYN.\" \"But now that the creature behind the Childlike Empress' sleep has shown himself we mustn't delay. Fantasia itself hangs in the balance.\" Gandarin said sternly. \"General Heremoor, Milady Octavia, once more the two of you must work together. Milady have your court search the wind and any pathway you can find. Track the monster to its source.\" \"We're already aware of the Forest of Thorns.\" Octavia explained. \"But none of our magic has been able to pierce the darkness there. To enter the monster's den would mean certain destruction. Perhaps our best course of action would be to track his movement and have the General's forces descend when he makes his next move.\" \"Then General, your riders must be ready at a moment's notice to follow the Fairy Court to the enemy.\" General Heremoor placed his steel clad hand over his chest. \"I swear to you my men and I will be as swift as the wind that carries us.\" \"In the meantime\" Gandarin went on \"you must also be prepared to respond to distress calls should there be more of these demon attacks.\" \"Sir,\" Atreyu interrupted. \"What would the Council have us do?\" \"If you mean you and your friend from the Plains, Atreyu you may return home if you wish. As for Adair she's to remain in the Ivory Tower for her own protection. Volrac has clearly made his intentions for her known.\" \"Councilor Gandarin, I mean no disrespect...\" Adair almost rolled her eyes. She'd gleaned from this meeting that whenever Atreyu said \"I mean no disrespect\" it actually meant \"I have a much better idea and I'm going with it whether you like it or not\". \"Adair just obtained AURYN. It must mean that Moon Child needs her to do something only she can do. And she's still looking for a way home. Neither of these can be accomplished by staying here.\" \"Then what would you suggest Atreyu?\" Gandarin said with an air of condescension. \"That we give Adair a sword, put her on a horse and send her charging off toward Volrac's demon horde? Even with the power of the Gem with her you have to see the problem with that approach.\" \"I wasn't suggesting it.\" \"Atreyu I respect your insight as one of Moon Child's most trusted servants, but we can't send this little girl out to traverse Fantasia alone.\" Adair had finally gotten sick of being called that. \"Little girl? I'm twice your size! I've met dogs bigger than you!\" The entire council turned their eyes on Adair, nothing short of speechless. Gandarin sputtered something incoherent, but she knew it was in outrage. \"You insolent little-\" \"What I mean is you guys have all been deciding my fate and talking about me like I'm not here the entire time I've been here! You guys can't have it both ways. I'm either supposed to save you or wait in a corner until you figure out what to do with me. I'm not sure about the whole savior bit but I'll still try that over being treated like a child! Did anyone think to ask me what I wanted to do?\" The council was slack-jawed still. She wondered if they were really so unused to being challenged like that. In truth they were astounded not because someone had spoken so harshly with them, but because it had been Adair who had done so. Adair who had been so quiet and sullen throughout the entire day's proceedings. It was Octavia who spoke. \"And what would you do Adair?\" She should have expected this question after an outburst like that, but she found her tongue went slack with no answer. She was suddenly very aware of the eyes on her and felt a hot prickling on the back of her neck. She looked back to Atreyu and found that unlike the rest of the council he wasn't staring wide eyed in shock. He was smiling as if he'd been waiting for her to do just what she'd done. \"I wanted to hear what Atreyu's idea was.\" Atreyu nodded and began to address the council again. \"Adair is searching for a way home. These demons are running rampant through all of Fantasia while the Creatures of Darkness control them and prepare for war. And now they've claimed my best friend who I plan to get back at all costs. Meanwhile the Empress is trapped in sleep. I believe these things are connected. Volrac is after Adair because he fears she might be able to stop him. Now that she has AURYN it would be a good idea for her to go where it points her to find some answers.\" \"And you plan to go with her?\" Chiron asked. \"Such courage.\" Heremoor muttered, turning away as if to hide his tears. \"The last hope of Fantasia and her brave protector traveling together to find the answers that will save us all. This will be a story for the ages!\" \"Then I'm going too.\" Deisha leaped to Atreyu's side eagerly. He only looked back to her with sad eyes. \"Deisha you can't.\" \"You'll have to tie me to a Rockbiter's leg to stop me and even then it might not work.\" \"Deisha I have to go with Adair. She doesn't know her way around Fantasia. So I need someone I can trust to go back to our people and make sure they're safe. You need to tell them what's happening and get them ready for another attack.\" \"But-\" \"Deisha,\" he took her by the arms and looked right into her eyes in a way that silenced her at once. \"Please do this for me. I'll sleep easier knowing you're in the Plains helping our people.\" She was silent for a moment then glowered at Adair. She whispered something to Atreyu that only he was able to hear, glaring at her all the while. \"I promise.\" was Atreyu's only reply. \"So where do we start looking?\" Adair asked wanting to break the uncomfortable silence. No one seemed to have an answer at first, or if they did they were reluctant to share it. It was Chiron again who spoke. \"There is one person you might ask, and Atreyu they reside in a place where you have been before. It will be dangerous-\" \"Surprise surprise.\" Adair muttered. \"But so long as you have the Gem with you, it may protect you.\" \"Where is it?\" Atreyu asked. \"We know of one of the Creatures of Darkness who has not joined with Volrac, or at least we haven't heard of them forsaking their domain for the Forest of Thorns. You'll have to travel to Spook City, the land of ghosts and ghouls. There you'll find the Dark Princess Gaya who rules that country. She's cunning and dangerous, but if you wish to find out more about the workings of darkness in Fantasia then it would be best to ask her. And if we're right and she hasn't joined ranks with Volrac then you have a chance of leaving her domain alive.\" Adair's face fell. \"She sounds charming.\" \"I don't like the idea either.\" Chiron admitted. \"But I'm afraid the answers you seek must come at a price for no one here knows them. The kind of answers you want will have to come from those who walk in the darkness. Atreyu it goes without saying that you should practice extreme caution. The first time I sent you on a quest you were forbidden any weapons. However this time you are journeying not as messenger for the Childlike Empress but as protector and guide for the human Adair Alicia Artemis. As such it would be wise to arm yourself well, especially considering the new danger prowling Fantasia. The centaur's ancient eyes came to rest on Adair next. \"Adair the medallion around your neck is known as AURYN and it is your most powerful ally, for in it is the power of the Childlike Empress. As a human you can use its power to make anything you wish a reality. Use it wisely. You two have been presented with a grave task for two so young. Know that you do so of your own free will. Do you accept this task?\" \"I accept.\" Atreyu answered at once. The centaur's words felt heavy in her mind, but something about that moment standing next to Atreyu made her forget her fear. \"I accept.\" \"Then go your way Adair Alicia Artemis and Atreyu of the Plains People. May the Childlike Empress smile upon you both. This council is adjourned.\" One by one the members of the council filed out. One of the last to leave was General Heremoor who quite suddenly grasped Atreyu's hand in both of his and looked down at the two with glistening green eyes. \"How I wish I was going with you two. Your journey is one that will surely be told through the ages. Generation on generation of Fantasians will sing songs about it for years to come. Fantasia is in capable hands.\" \"Thank you General.\" Atreyu replied, visibly trying to wrench his hand free from Heremoor's grip. \"Adair,\" Octavia whispered over her shoulder. \"Might I talk to you for a moment?\" Adair turned to face the fairy who was hovering just in front of her face, studying her with an unreadable expression. \"I know what you said earlier about not being able to do anything. It might not mean much but I want you to know that I don't believe that. What you did today proves to me you have more power than you know.\" Adair wasn't sure what she meant. \"I didn't really do anything, it was more the medallion.\" \"No it's more than that. AURYN's power drove Volrac out, that's true. But it was your wish to save Atreyu that summoned it. And the way you spoke to the council...\" Adair gave an embarrassed laugh. \"Yeah I'm sorry about that, I have issues with authority.\" \"It was brilliant. You could have sat back and let us do all the deciding for you, but you didn't. It was you who made the choice to go on this quest.\" \"I just agreed with Atreyu, that's all.\" \"Because you believe in him. It was still your choice. You must remember that. Promise me you won't doubt yourself. It may mean the difference between failure and success in this journey.\" Adair still didn't know what to say to that. Had this really been her decision or had she just been swept up in the moment? Was Octavia right about her and she had some hidden power she hadn't guessed at? \"Um... I guess I'll try.\" The fairy looked like she wanted to say something else, but the General called for her then. \"Come Milady Octavia, we have duties to perform. Can't let these youths have all the glory. Fantasia must know that all of it's children will fight to protect it!\" \"I'll be right there General.\" She began to flutter away, but with one pleading look at Adair she added \"If you only knew how strong you are.\" The lower courts of the Ivory Tower were a bustling metropolis of winding stairs and walk ways intertwining towers and courtyards. Fantasians of all shapes and sizes and colors wound their way through its grounds. Though there had been no official announcement made as to what had transpired at the council, rumor was already spreading of a terrible phantom that had stolen into the chamber and had been warded off by a mysterious new human who had come to Fantasia. Some were even saying that the Glory had shown again and was hanging around this new human's neck. So imagine their surprise to see that very human wandering the streets of the Ivory Tower with AURYN openly hanging from her neck and the legendary Atreyu at her side. \"Is everyone in Fantasia going to stare at me like this?\" Adair whispered an aside to Atreyu as they entered the market district. \"They just don't know what to think.\" he explained. \"Humans have been known to bring as much ill to Fantasia as good.\" \"So they're afraid of me? That makes me feel a whole lot better.\" Atreyu flushed. \"It's not really that!\" He tried to assure her. \"It's just been a really long time since any human has come to Fantasia. They don't know how to act.\" \"Maybe you could just tell them to ignore me. I'd like that.\" Deisha huffed. \"Fat chance of that.\" \"Deisha's right.\" Atreyu said, taking on a more serious tone. \"There will be some who might be afraid of you, and others who might worship the ground you walk on, but regardless of who they are or where they come from, every soul in Fantasia will have some thought about you. But as long as you wear that amulet, they'll regard you as Moon Child's messenger.\" Adair reached for the amulet around her neck and thought about hiding it inside her shirt. \"Leave it out.\" he told her. \"It might help us. We need to do what Chiron said and gear up before we set out, but we don't have much to pay with.\" She regarded him quizzically. This sounded a little out of character for Atreyu. \"You want me to strong-arm them into giving us free stuff?\" She half expected Atreyu to be hurt by the implication. Deisha looked furious. But Atreyu only chuckled. \"Something like that. I don't like to, but we'll only be taking what we need. I can hunt and scout so food and water won't really be a problem. But I would feel more able to protect you if I at least had a sword.\" \"You'll need a horse.\" Deisha reminded Atreyu. Atreyu sighed. \"No Deisha. No horses.\" \"You don't have much choice without Falkor. It'll be safer and faster than going on foot.\" Adair could see him trying to think of a reason to say no. \"Adair might not be comfortable riding one.\" \"After riding Falkor?\" Adair she almost laughed. \"I think I can handle a horse.\" \"I'm only thinking of your safety.\" Deisha stated in an unusually calm manner for her. \"You're not letting me come so the least you can do is listen to me on this one thing.\" Atreyu looked from her then to Adair who didn't have anything to say. She actually agreed with Deisha on this one. On foot they'd be easy prey for the demons. With a horse they could have a running chance. It was a grim thought, but she had to be practical. At length Atreyu gave in. \"Fine. I'll go find us a horse. But you have to do me a favor then.\" The backs of Deisha's leaf-shaped ears flashed to crimson. There was an implication in his request that made her nervous. \"What's that?\" \"Adair's clothes aren't up for the journey.\" Adair looked down at her outfit and realized with a sinking feeling that he was right. She hadn't paid it any thought until now, but her jeans were wearing down to the threads at this point, they'd been through so much. Her shirt hadn't fared much better, and she could feel the air on her feet which told her that her high-tops were nearly ready to come apart. \"What? Why me?\" Deisha called indignantly after Atreyu who had already started down the avenue. \"Because I don't know what looks good on girls.\" he called back, hiding a mischievous smile. \"And I do?\" but her complaints never reached him because he was already gone. Deisha growled under her breath before grabbing Adair's hand roughly. \"Come on.\" There was little she could do but follow. Jason couldn't help laughing. \"Taking Adair shopping? Poor Deisha.\" He knew better than anyone how his friend hated shopping, and the thought of her getting a crash course on Fantasian fashion was enough to allow him, worried for her as he was, take slight pleasure in her situation. But when he stopped laughing he noticed Iole looking up at him with her blue cat eyes. He could swear he saw her roll them at him. \"Oh come on, it's a little funny.\" The market was a wondrous sight for Adair. There were shops set up along the street with great glass windows showing off their wares, and others were simple tables and canopies set up outside. There were some selling food she didn't recognize, others selling clothes, knick-knacks, and and many selling strange magical looking baubles that had her guessing what they could be for. If she'd been here with anyone but Deisha she might have wanted to browse some more. Without a word the Plains girl led her through the throng of Fantasians until they reached a shop with a great glass window displaying a row of dressed up mannequins. At first it looked like a costume shop to her; one was in a grand evening gown from the Elizabethan era, one looked like something a pirate would wear, and another was a colorful tunic with a short cape. Then she was reminded this was Fantasia. Perhaps people here really dressed that way. She thought about what Atreyu had said earlier about her clothes, thinking on the way he'd asked Deisha to help her find a new wardrobe. \"I don't know what looks good on girls\" he had said before taking off. Had he blushed when he looked away? No she must have imagined it. Did he expect her to look good? And if that were true, what exactly looked good in Fantasia? She didn't even have a clear grasp on what looked good in her world and had never much cared. Not that she cared now, she told herself. But she still found herself entertaining the idea of finding something to wear that would catch Atreyu off-guard. He was so serious most of the time that she wondered if surprising him at all was possible. Adair hadn't realized it, but she had just made her first wish. \"Let's go.\" Deisha finally released her and led the way into the shop. The room was divided into two parts. The front was lined with more of those mannequins in a variety of outfits. The back however looked more like a witch's lair. Several rows of great bubbling cauldrons, the smallest of which could easily fit a grown man inside. They rested above strange glowing lights that seemed to be heating them in place of a fire for they gave off a warm glow. Inside the cauldrons was a pungent smelling liquid. Seeing a different color bubbling in each cauldron made Adair realize what they were; these were dyes. And not just any dyes. With each color was a different scent; the purple carried the smell of lavendar while the red held the fragrance of roses. The green smelled of pine, and the blue had a pleasant scent like summer air. She was so enthralled by the sight that she didn't notice someone approaching her until she looked up and found two glistening mismatched eyes staring down at her; one emerald green with specks of brown, the other sky blue. \"Welcome to my humble shop valued customer.\" said the impossibly tall woman towering over her. She stood upright and flourished her arms in a grand gesture. \"I am Meleah the Nature Spirit, and I am about to make your dreams come true.\" Being able to take the woman's complete appearance in now that she wasn't in her face, Adair saw that she had deep tanned skin with a strange sheen covering it. Her hair swathed about her shoulders in dark brown curls that twisted together like the branches of a tree. Her lips were the color of grass, and from her head sprouted two curling horns like a ram's that curved elegantly over her head. Her long gown was as striking as she was, shifting from green to blue to magenta in the light, and a swirling pattern of flowers spiraling around her chest and down the gown all the way to the hem of the skirt. Even her fingernails were each a different color and carried the unique scent of the dyes. In her hand she held a white paper fan with a wash of cherry blossoms painted across its surface. \"I'd ask who you were\" she went on in her melodious voice, \"But I already know. You're quite famous here you know miss Adair Alicia Artemis.\" \"I only got here today.\" she replied bluntly. \"Word gets to you fast when you're friendly with the Autumn Fairy Court.\" \"You know Octavia?\" \"My dear her entire court is wearing me. But enough about me, let's talk about you. There must be a reason you came here.\" \"I just need some new clothes.\" \"Obviously.\" Meleah folded her fan and held the back of her hand over her forehead as though she suddenly felt faint. \"You poor dear it looks like you came to me just in time.\" \"Hey!\" Adair protested. \"Hush now child, if you simply want clothes you go to those imposters on the street. Fantasia does not come to me for clothes they come to me to make their dreams reality. Ever since I was a little daisy I have always made it my duty to help others make their outside shine to show the world the unique beauty we each have inside! Our wardrobe tells a story my darling, and we must be thrilling storytellers now mustn't we? Take your friend for example.\" Meleah circled Deisha, pointing to various parts of her outfit with her fan. \"I can tell from the well worn leather of her trousers and the bold way she leaves her arms bare that she is a girl who knows how to survive in harsh conditions and knows how to get some dirt under her fingernails if need be. But the feathers in her hair and the hand painted pattern of a wild desert blossom on the back of her tunic shows that she has a more playful and girlish side as well. I'll bet with a little bit of robin's egg blue and just the right amount of yellow I can bring all those features to light. Anything you want dearies. I can make you bold and adventurous, or I can make you elegant and sophisticated. I can even bring out the best features in you that will capture the heart of that special someone you may have had your eye on.\" Adair felt her lip quivering. Meleah had rubbed her just the wrong way that she was about to have one of her rare moments of passion. \"Well I for one don't believe that a girl needs to be dressed up like a doll. I dress the way I do so people can see the real me, and if they have a problem with that then there's no point in pretending, and I think Deisha will agree with me.\" She turned to the tom-boyish plains girl who she was sure would offer her own two cents. She may not have liked Adair, but she did seem like the type to agree at least on this part. Instead Deisha was fingering the feathers in her hair thoughtfully. \"Playful and Girlish?\" she said to herself. Meleah smiled behind her fan at Adair. \"You've got it all wrong my daisy. Dressing you up to hide the real you is what those imposters outside do. They don't sell clothes, they sell costumes and masks. I choose to highlight the beauty you already have, all your best traits, and make them shine. Where others try to 'make you beautiful' I use my craft to show the world that you already are.\" she smiled slyly with her green lips. \"And you don't dress to show people the real you. You dress to hide yourself. Your drab colors and ill fitting blouse tell me you wish to be invisible. But behind that, these eyes of mine can see passion, a sense of justice, and a secret longing for adventure, all greatly repressed. But if you would permit me, I can bring those beautiful parts of yourself to the surface. Will you let me try?\" The tall nature spirit looked at Adair expectantly. Adair bit her lip, doing her best not to meet those penetrating mismatched eyes. She suddenly regretted what she'd said. She'd judged Meleah a little too quickly, the same way others had judged her before. Meleah wasn't about add-ons and frivolous things people don't really need. She spoke of fashion the way others would speak of art; as a means of expression. \"There was an outfit in the window I kind of liked. The one with the white frilled shirt and boots.\" Meleah laughed. \"No my daisy those are for display only. Everything I create is done on the spot for the one I craft it for. But if it's an adventurous look you're going for I think I can make the perfect one for you. Care to give it a try?\" Adair hesitated for only a moment. \"Alright. I guess it can't hurt.\" \"Splendid!\" the tall woman said, taking Adair by the wrist and pulling her into the center of the shop. What happened next was a whirl of colors and scents that is difficult to describe. Meleah would whip one of the rolls of white fabric from the wall, sweep it into one of the cauldrons of color then twirl it around Adair. With a wave of her long slim fingers she could pull flowers and whirlwinds out of thin air where they would imprint themselves onto the fabric to make intricate patterns. She'd try a seemingly endless number of combinations before settling on one element. After about a half hour of this Deisha sighed. \"I'm going to see about getting some food for my ride home. Stay right here until I come back.\" Adair couldn't really respond since Meleah was still furiously spinning new things all around her. She could barely see the shop anymore let alone Deisha leaving through the door. It would be said for years that Meleah's gift of finding ones greatest traits was unparalleled. But one day she would meet a mysterious man from the west and for the first time not be able to discern a single trait from him. She would take on the task of creating for him. He would capture her interest and eventually her heart as she went on a wild journey to learn who he was, and one day would at last find a look that fit him just right, and it would be her greatest masterpiece. She would never create another like it in all her long years. But that is another story and shall be told another time. After a dizzying cyclone of every color of the rainbow and endlessly changing her mind, Meleah at last gave a sigh of satisfaction. \"Finished. Well my daisy, come over here and tell me what you think.\" Adair followed her to a tall mirror in the corner of the shop that allowed her to see herself in full profile. Had she looked at her face she would have seen her mouth hanging open. Meleah had delivered well on her promise because the girl in the mirror reminded her of a long forgotten dream. She had a simple white blouse with a frilled neckline under a lavender tunic of soft leather. On the front were intricate designs arranged in the shape of a butterfly that stretched all the way up to her shoulders. The tunic came down to her knees and had a wide opening in the front The part below her waist was white with a print of whirling flames that were purple rimmed in gold. And intertwining with the flames were long branches adorned with cherry blossoms. Her legs had been fitted with black leggings stuffed into cuffed boots of the same soft purple leather. Her sleeves were wide below the elbow and had two dull gold symbols on each arm; a sun on the right and a moon on the left. The purple, white, and gold of her wardrobe made her sandy blond hair seem a shade lighter and made her hazel eyes stand out and almost look gold. And she could actually smell the soft scents of lavender and cherry blossoms, though she'd never smelled cherry blossoms before. She looked in the mirror, taking in different sides unable to believe what she was seeing. She would never wear something like this back home, and yet she did see something of herself in her new clothes. \"I'll take your silence to mean you like what you see.\" \"I'm... pretty.\" She didn't know how to say that without sounding vain, but putting her feelings into words for this was very hard. This kind of thing went against her very nature. But not only had she participated and allowed Meleah to change her entire look, she was happy with the results. \"You always were my daisy. You were just hiding it.\" She brushed her hair back fitfully as if to clear away her head and regain some composure. \"So do you think this will stand up to traveling?\" \"Absolutely.\" the tall woman assured her. \"The leather is fused with the steady patience of the cherry blossom tree to keep it sturdy through harsh weather and long treks, and the freedom of flames and wind so you can move easily.\" Adair shook her head. \"Yeah that makes perfect sense.\" This place was so weird. \"Well I have some more dyes to make. You can continue to admire yourself in the mirror if you wish until your friend comes back.\" Meleah winked before swishing away to the back of the store. Adair looked away from the mirror hastily, embarrassed for having stared at herself for so long. She turned back to the door wondering when Deisha would come back for her, if at all. She wondered if she just might have to find Atreyu herself. It was while she was dwelling on this that a figure passed by the window that viewed the street. It wasn't Deisha. Adair froze, watching her pass by the store with her impassive blue eyes straight ahead of her. It couldn't be. How was she here? It didn't make sense, but Adair was sure it was her; the girl from the bookshop with the purple streak in her hair. What is she doing here? Jason jumped as Iole hissed. He found her arced back defensively with her claws extended, leering at the book like a mouse she was ready to pounce on. \"What's gotten into you?\" He studied Iole curiously. Up until now Jason wasn't sure of his suspicion that the little white cat was following along in the book. He would catch her occasionally glancing at the pages, and when she saw him notice she'd stretch and yawn and look uninterested. Adair had been in dangerous situations already and Iole had never so much as batted a whisker at her plight. She'd simply licked her paws when Shadeseeker had caught Adair, and she hadn't done a thing of interest when that monster Volrac had appeared and in no uncertain terms declared his intentions to kill her. So why now was Iole so put off. What was so threatening about this girl that Adair seemed to have already met in the book shop? More important than a cat's thought on the matter, Jason wondered how the girl had managed to land in Fantasia with Adair when she'd met her earlier. \"Relax.\" he whispered, stroking the cat between her ears. Iole didn't recoil like she normally did when he tried to pet her, but she remained tense, her eyes on the book. He'd been right. Bastian hadn't been the only one keeping secrets. The girl didn't notice her, didn't even look at the shop as she passed. Once she could no longer be seen from the window Adair went to the door and peered outside. She almost missed her vanishing into the crowd. Seeing her here made Adair realize how petite she was. From behind she looked like a middle-schooler. No one seemed to notice her as she went on unhindered like a ghost. Even in her strange clothing she seemed very ordinary among the throng of Fantasians, very few of whom even resembled humans. But watching from behind Adair noticed something she had not seen before when they had met in the book shop. Beneath her black chiffon skirt, swishing back and forth was a long black cat-like tail. Once the girl was a good distance away that Adair felt she wouldn't be spotted, but close enough that she could still see her, she stole into the street and followed her. Keeping up with her wasn't difficult since the girl didn't seem to be in any kind of hurry. Meleah had been right about her clothes. She could move easily through the crowd in them. She kept her head down to keep from being recognized. She didn't want the girl to realize she was following her, and if anyone in the crowd stopped to gawk at \"the human\" as they'd been prone to do, that wouldn't help her efforts. Thankfully Meleah had been thoughtful enough to add a hood onto the back of her tunic which she drew over her head, hiding her sandy blond locks. It seemed to work. No one paid her much mind as she weaved her way in pursuit of the girl. At last she saw the girl stop at the door of what looked like a tavern. Or at least it looked like it used to be a tavern. The windows were dim and dusted over. The words \"Black Djinn Inn\" were barely discernible on the hanging sign above the door. The girl opened the door and vanished into the old inn. Taking off at full speed Adair found herself in front of the door. She took a moment to catch her breath then reached for the knob. She felt a start as the door fell open before she'd even turned it. It swung inside so violently the moment she gripped it that she was pulled in with it and spun into the dimly lit lobby of the tavern. Her hood fell from her head and at the same time she heard the door slam shut behind her. \"Ah good afternoon Miss Artemis.\" came a polished voice with an accent that sounded almost British to her. But despite the sophisticated tone he carried, whoever was speaking sounded very young. She would have guessed her age. \"Won't you join us for some tea?\" As her eyes adjusted to the darkened tavern lit only by a few sparse candles, she began to make out two figures sitting at a round table. The first was the owner of the voice; a handsome young man with rectangular glasses dressed in a white collared button down shirt and formal brown vest. An old fashioned black cravat hung loose from his collar that looked stained with something black, probably ink. Like his clothes his brown hair was unkempt and gave him a wild look. If a person's appearance could tell a story like Meleah said, then this young man's was saying that he was often so involved in his peculiar pursuits and hobbies that he couldn't be bothered with things he considered trivial, like proper grooming or hygiene. The second figure Adair recognized as the girl she had followed here. Both of them had white porcelain tea cups in front of them with steaming tea inside. The girl was sipping hers without sparing Adair so much as a glance. \"Nag,\" the young man snapped his fingers. \"Bring us another cup would you?\" \"Right away.\" came a low effeminate voice that Adair couldn't tell was male or female. When the speaker came into view, that certainly didn't help clear things up any. It leaned back casually against one of the other tables. Even in the dim light Adair could see something very abnormal in its appearance. It had long wild blue hair and its ears were long and furred like a fox's, the same color as its hair. The Creature's feet were bare and claw-tipped like, much like the long fingers that sprouted from hands that looked too big at the end of its long thin arms. A swirling crisscrossing pattern of black lines were tattooed all along its bare arms and along the edges of its face that had features that looked almost canine. Its eyes seem to glow dull red in the darkness. The creature stood upright, and suddenly took on a new appearance. A costume appeared on its body; a black waiter's jacket and bow tie, but at its waist was a white lace apron like a maid would wear. It even wore a maid's headpiece. A notepad and pen appeared in its hands, looking very small in its long fingers. \"What will it be?\" Adair's eyes drifted from one figure to the next. She felt a strange chill come over her that wasn't from the draft in the building. She felt her throat tightening in anxiety. The three of them seemed to exude a dark aura from them that made her throat feel dry and her feet feel like they were made of lead. It took her a moment to find her voice. \"Who are you?\" \"Oh forgive me.\" the young man in glasses said, placing his cup down. \"Allow us to introduce ourselves. You may call me Thoth. This is my associate Nag,\" he gestured to the creature acting as waiter or waitress. \"And I believe you've already met Fay.\" he motioned to the girl. \"You look nice.\" the girl finally looked at her. Her doll like blue eyes were half lidded and gave the impression of looking down at her. \"I see you've made your first wish.\" \"What?\" \"Fay a little tact please. Can't you see the poor thing is frightened?\" \"I'm not afraid.\" Adair said defensively. It was a complete lie because something in the back of her mind was telling her she should be very afraid. \"Nor should you be.\" Thoth assured her cheerily. \"We're only here to talk. We've wanted to speak with you for some time.\" She narrowed her eyes at the girl whose expression never changed. \"You knew I was following you.\" \"You're not bad.\" Fay admitted in a flat tone. \"With some training you could go far in the art of subtlety.\" \"Fay that's not why we're here. Could you try to focus?\" \"Then get on with it. I'm starting to get bored.\" Thoth sighed. \"Very well, Adair would you mind taking a seat?\" He motioned to the the empty chair at the table which slid out on its own, inviting her to sit down. Against her better judgment she took a seat. Curiosity won against common sense in this case. This girl Fay, and probably these \"associates\" of hers were responsible for bringing her to Fantasia and she wanted to know why. \"Your tea.\" the blue haired creature said, sliding a porcelain cup in front of her. She jumped as its hand suddenly gripped her chin, forcing her eyes upward. \"Oh my, you are a pretty one. Would you care to play with me?\" \"Now now, none of that Nag.\" Thoth chided. \"Oh just a little game, please?\" Nag begged, reaching for Adair even as she shrunk away. Fay made an exasperated sigh before producing something from her sleeve. In her hand she held a rubber ball up to Nag's face. She waved it back and forth and Nag followed it like a dog would when playing fetch with its owner. Without a word she tossed it to the other side of the room and Nag dashed to retrieve it, on all fours no less. \"Do forgive Nag, it tends to get a little excited around new people.\" \"Maybe you should get it fixed.\" Adair answered bitingly. The other two were silent for a moment and she wondered if she'd been too bold with them. But then Thoth tossed his head back and laughed. Even Fay gave a small grin and a pleased \"hmph\". \"Now there's an experiment that merits looking into. I do admire your spirit Miss Artemis. Now then, to business. You see, my associates and I are...\" he paused to consider his words. \"Well I suppose you could say we're traveling researchers.\" Adair narrowed her eyes at him. \"You're not from here are you?\" \" 'Here', being?\" Thoth inquired. \"You're not from Fantasia.\" She cringed as Nag snaked its way back to the table, curving its body around her chair to whisper in her ear. \"Now why would you say a thing like that? Don't we look Fantasian enough for you?\" She reached for the chain around her neck. \"My medallion doesn't seem to like you.\" The Gem that hung from her neck was glowing like it had done when Volrac had attacked Atreyu, though not as brightly. This was perhaps its way of coiling up for a strike like a rattlesnake would do. Thoth snickered. \"Ah yes, AURYN. I suppose that would give us away.\" \"So you're like me then.\" Adair stated. \"Are you from my world?\" \"Hardly. You see there are many worlds.\" Thoth explained. \"We're from one called... Oh dash it all, Fay what was the name of our home?\" \"I don't remember.\" \"It doesn't really matter.\" Nag answered. \"We go where we please.\" \"Correct. You see each world, like this one has unique traits. It's quite fascinating really. So we cross the rift between them to learn and experiment.\" \"Experiment on what?\" \"Each world gives us ideas.\" Fay said. \"We have to try them.\" \"So you brought me here because of an experiment?\" \"Yes, dreadfully sorry about that.\" Thoth adjusted his glasses. \"I'm sure you've heard by now how much this world of Fantasia depends on humans of your world. The two are linked in a most remarkable way. But when we arrived we learned that it had been a very long time since a human had come to Fantasia. So Fay here wanted to see what would happen if we managed to bring one here, and I must say the results have been most informative. You're already creating quite a stir here. But we didn't count on so many being after your life. I fear we've put you in terrible danger.\" \"Yeah no kidding.\" Fay set her cup down. \"You didn't have to take my advice in the book shop. You still chose to read it.\" She regarded Adair with her cold blue eyes. There was something odd in them; a strange mixture of boredom and curiosity that reminded Adair of her cat. \"Why did you choose to come here?\" \"Fay, that's enough. Her reasons are her own.\" Thoth chided. Fay folded her arms. \"You're just mad because you know I'm right. She's been touched by the Strongest Magic.\" Nag grimaced. \"Fay will you quit saying that?\" \"What's the strongest magic?\" The faintest beginnings of a smile tugged at the pale corners of Fay's mouth. \"You'll understand soon.\" \"Oh pay her no mind.\" Thoth waved her away. \"It's just something she's been on about for as long as we've known each other. Now back to you, I'm afraid you're in more danger than you realize. Your friend there,\" he pointed to AURYN. \"Have you read the inscription on the back?\" Adair lifted it carefully, keeping her eye on Thoth and turned AURYN over. She found he was right. There was an engraving on the back that she read aloud. \" 'Do what you wish'.\" Thoth nodded. \"AURYN can grant you immense power, but at a terrible price. You see a human can use AURYN to make their wishes in Fantasia reality. But the cost is something very precious to you.\" \"What's that?\" \"Your memories.\" Fay answered. \"With each wish you make, you lose a memory of your world, and when you lose them all you will never be able to go back. You won't even remember your own name.\" Adair froze. She began racing through her head trying to recall her life. She didn't feel any different. She couldn't think of anything she'd forgotten. She hadn't wished for anything had she? Why hadn't Atreyu told her about this? \"If AURYN can grant wishes, can I just wish myself home?\" \"Ah it's far more complicated than that. You see, AURYN does not grant any wish without first putting it to a story. For instance, just now that outfit you wished for,\" Crap! Adair thought. She had wanted something new to wear that would surprise Atreyu, but it had just been a passing thought, not anything she'd say she had wished for. \"Wait a minute, how did you know that?\" Thoth waved the question away. \"That's unimportant. Back to my point, when you wished for that new outfit, it did not simply appear out of thin air. You were led to a place where you would find it, a place or a person with their own story to tell that was then linked with yours. And that was just for some new wardrobe, which I will say is absolutely stunning on you.\" \"Think about what that must have taken.\" Nag grinned. \"Now imagine how many wishes, how many stories, how many memories it would take on a long journey to get you home.\" \"You could lose everything.\" Fay said. The thought was terrifying. At the same time she knew she couldn't completely trust these three. Not only had she barely met them, she still felt there was something strangely off about them. They were layers of shady. But what would they have to gain by making this up? She was sure they were holding a few things back, but they had known about how she'd been led to Meleah's shop. They'd known she had secretly wished for these clothes. And if they were right, she couldn't imagine a life where she didn't know who she was. \"Don't be scared pretty girl.\" Nag whispered in her ear. Adair shrunk back from Nag and looked to Thoth, trying to cover her feelings. \"You know I've been meaning to ask. Seriously, is this thing a dude or a chick?\" \"You know we're not a hundred percent sure ourselves. That experiment was so long ago. Nag, do you remember what you were before we performed it?\" \"Who can say?\" Nag shrugged as it came around the other side of the table, pointing this way and that. \"I was one or the other once, but I'm both and neither now.\" Fay shook her head. \"Cute.\" \"Anyway, back to my point.\" Thoth continued. Clearly he was the spokesmen of this group. \"We feel largely responsible for the predicament you're in, so we're going to see about helping you. As you already know, we have our own means of crossing between worlds. We'd be willing to let you use it to go back home to your dear family and friends for a small price. I assure you it's much less than the one AURYN demands.\" Adair didn't like where this was headed. What could they possibly want from her? \"What do you want?\" \"It's just a little thing really.\" Nag leered at her from across the table. \"A lock of that dreamy Atreyu's hair.\" Adair felt her lips curl in disgust. \"Creepy much? What do you want with Atreyu's hair?\" \"Just think of it as a specimen.\" Thoth said calmly. \"It's nothing you really need to worry about. That's the thing with our magic. A contract with us always demands a price. But for a way home, a simple lock of hair is nothing compared am I right?\" Adair had no answer. \"Well you give it some thought. Do let us know if you change your mind. Fay if you please.\" he motioned to his associate. Fay clapped her hands together. They made a dark violet light between them, and when she opened them she held a ring in her fingers. It looked to be made of silver and was set with a crescent moon in its center lying on its side. Arching over the tips of the crescent was a row of three stars. When Fay handed the ring to her, Adair noticed the same symbol tattooed on the back of her hand. \"If you decide,\" Fay explained \"use this after you've collected our payment. Whisper the name of the one we serve into this ring, and you'll be taken directly to us.\" Fay dropped the ring into her hand. In spite of her earlier warnings to herself not to trust them she still slipped it onto her finger. If all else fails at least I'll have this. \"The one you serve? Who's that?\" \"I'll tell you the name.\" Fay said, and she did. But it was a name that carried so much darkness in it that it is best left unwritten on these pages. \"Okay, I'll try to remember that.\" \"Well it was a pleasure Miss Artemis. Taa-taa.\" Thoth waved. \"A real pleasure.\" Nag licked its lips. \"But we need to be going now.\" Fay said sounding bored. \"Yeah.\" Adair got up from her seat. \"Me too.\" She didn't waste any time making her way to the door, and only caught the end of what Fay was saying to Thoth and Nag before she closed the door behind her. \"You realize she made that wish for him don't you? That's another point in my favor.\" She didn't know how long it had been since she'd left Meleah's shop to follow Fay, but Deisha and Atreyu had to be looking for her by now. It was a slow walk back, half because she didn't really remember how she'd gotten to the tavern, and half because of everything she had just been given to think about. \"Adair!\" It was Atreyu and he was running through the street to reach her with Deisha close behind. There was a new sword strapped to his back with a long grip and equally long guards jutting from the base of the hilt, making it look like a giant cross. But other than that it was quite plain looking. Deisha didn't seem to be in as much of a hurry as Atreyu. \"See I told you she was fine.\" \"Lucky for us.\" Atreyu snapped, then turned back to Adair. \"Are you alright? Where did you go?\" She felt a small amount of disappointment that he hadn't noticed her new clothes. \"I thought I saw someone I recognized.\" \"Who?\" \"It doesn't matter. I was wrong anyway. Sorry, I got lost on my way back.\" Atreyu shot Deisha a dark look. \"I figured she'd come right back.\" she said defensively. Adair noticed something in Deisha's hand. She was carrying a bag with the same insignia that had been on the sign at Meleah's shop. Deisha caught her looking at it. \"What? So you're the only one allowed to get a new look?\" Atreyu shook his head. \"Come on. I found us a...\" he stopped abruptly and at last Adair saw his eyes fall to her clothes. There it was; a genuine look of surprise from the hardened warrior of the plains. \"Wow.\" She couldn't help but smile. So there was a boy in there after all. \"You sound like you have something to say.\" Atreyu closed his mouth and shook his head like he'd just been slapped. That look on his face had definitely been worth everything she'd gone through to get it. \"It's nothing.\" he stammered, \"It's just... Fantasia looks good on you.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 7: The Day Her Heart Stopped Gaya's palace in Spook City was a great distance from the Ivory Tower and would take at least three days to reach by horse if they didn't make many stops. Atreyu was anxious to begin the journey and Deisha's good bye was taking longer than he would have liked. \"Yes Deisha, I promise I'll be careful. You do the same.\" \"I'm not the one going to Spook City.\" she reminded him, and there was underlying regret in her voice. \"I've been there before. We'll be alright.\" Deisha nodded. \"Alright. You'd better make sure you have everything you need saddled on that horse.\" Atreyu's face fell. \"Yeah.\" he sighed. Without another word he went to the horse he'd been given (General Heremoor had been more than willing to lend him a steed from the Imperial Guard). He went about the saddle where their provisions were attached, checking each one with a downcast expression. Adair whispered to Deisha. \"What's the deal with Atreyu and horses?\" she asked, remembering Atreyu's vigorous protest when Deisha had suggested he get one. Deisha didn't answer, but surprised Adair by rounding on her. The Plains girl drew very near her face, forcing her to back up to the wall behind her. Deisha rested a hand against it right by her face and glowered down at her with her emerald green eyes. \"Listen well human because I'm only going to say this once.\" She lowered her voice so that Atreyu wouldn't hear. \"I still don't trust you. You may have AURYN now, but that still doesn't change that there is something very dark about you and why you're here. So for your sake he had better make it back to me unharmed or you will answer to me.\" \"Are you threatening me?\" Adair said aghast. Even with their initial dislike of one another, this was a new level of agression in Deisha she hadn't seen before. \"Threats are empty. I'm giving you a promise. He may think he has to help you because that's the kind of person he is. As long as you're traveling with him, he'll guard your life more closely than his own. He never does anything for himself because the rest of Fantasia always has to come first. But you and I know perfectly well he could have left you here for the council to deal with and gone back home. So let me give it to you straight. There are things that you will do and things you will not do.\" Adair tried to speak but Deisha held a finger up. \"No I'm talking right now. You will be grateful for what he's doing for you. You will do what he says when he says it because it could mean both your lives. You will not leave him open for an attack. You will not betray us. You will not take advantage of his kindness. And one more thing.\" Then the Plains girl drew even closer to her face to the point that Adair could feel the heat of her breath. \"If anything happens to him because of you, you will crawl into the deepest cave in all of Fantasia and hide under a rock for the rest of your days or I will find you. And if that happens you'll wish that Werewolf in the tower had gotten you.\" Adair had nothing to say. With this intensity Deisha was imposing and she was suddenly very aware of how much stronger than her the other girl appeared to be physically. The Plains did not breed soft women. But more than that, something she said had been driven home. Atreyu was taking a great risk on her behalf. Deisha said not another word, not even to Atreyu. Instead she turned her back on Adair, stalked past Atreyu to the horse she'd been given and swung herself onto its back. She rode off bare-back with the provisions she needed jostling in a leather pack on her back. The other items she'd picked up during their stay were tied to the steed's flanks. Unknown to Adair and Atreyu, the moment she was out of sight Deisha would cry most of the long journey back to the Plains. \"Come on.\" Atreyu said, taking Adair's hand. He had chosen a white stallion fitted with a saddle which Adair found strangely fitting if not cliche. He helped her into the stirrups. He gave another sad glance at the horse before pulling himself onto its back to sit in front of her. They began at a slow trot as they made their way through the labyrinth that surrounded the tower. \"What was Deisha saying to you before she left? She sure took off in a hurry.\" \"Nothing much.\" Adair said automatically. \"Girl stuff.\" You will not betray us. Why had Deisha said that? What had she done that made the Plains girl so suspicious of her? She couldn't think of anything, at least not anything Deisha would have known about. Guiltily she stroked the silver ring on her finger wondering if Deisha was right to mistrust her. When they reached the edge of the labyrinth Atreyu spurred their horse on to a full gallop. And so did Adair and Atreyu begin their quest. You messed with Adair, you messed with Jason. It was a fact of life. So threatening Adair with violence likely meant that Jason would respond in kind. There had been a time in the sixth grade that a bully had taken Adair's book bag and strung it on a telephone pole. She'd fallen trying to get it back and broken her arm, so Jason found the boy the next day and broke his nose. He'd taken a beating himself as lanky as he was, but he won. So naturally Jason was perturbed by Deisha's harsh words with his best friend. But his heart was softened towards her somewhat because he knew where those words had come from. It was a feeling he was familiar with. He couldn't be angry with Deisha because he knew what it was like to have feelings for someone who didn't feel the same. If anyone knew what Deisha was going through it was Jason. He read on but the hour had grown very late. Bastian had gone home an hour ago and had told Jason to make sure to lock up when he was through. He'd been so consumed with reading and worrying that he hadn't noticed the time or how tired he was. His eyelids grew heavy and each time he closed them it became harder to open them again. His head fell back into the soft cushion of the armchair. The book remained open in his lap as he drifted off to sleep. Unknown to him, now that he was no longer reading its pages hanging on Adair's every step, a different story was being woven in the book; a very dark story that had no place in Fantasia but unfurled still, intertwining its dark threads with the words of the Neverending Story. Jason would never know, but this change did not escape the attention of a certain cat. From her perch on the armrest of the chair Iole peered into the book with her sky blue eyes. Falkor opened his eyes slowly. What awoke him first was a steady drip of water trickling onto his forehead. He winced as each drop fell on his white mane. Groggily he lifted his eyes to see where it was coming from. The chamber he was in was lit dimly by candles. He could only see that it was made of stone. Instantly he felt sick. The Luckdragon didn't do well inside buildings no matter how large. Anything with a ceiling was enough to make him nauseous. Another drip splattered onto his nose. \"Hee-hee\" came a voice from above him. He saw a strange creature that he had never seen in Fantasia; a tall slender figure with blue hair and furred ears and tail. It dangled from a length of chain that hung from the ceiling, looking down at Falkor with glowing red eyes and the most hideous of smiles stretched across its face. It held one of its claw tipped hands out, rubbing two fingers together. Water was appearing from its fingers and falling onto his face. \"Nice to see you're finally awake.\" Falkor blinked his eyes. \"Where am I, and who are you?\" \"Nowhere and no one.\" the strange blue haired creature crooned. Falkor winced again as another steady trickle of water struck his nose. He made a move to rise. He wasn't bound down at all so it wouldn't be difficult to fly. \"I wouldn't do that.\" The creature said. \"Sorry Luckdragon, but your luck has run out.\" \"You are our prisoner now.\" came the cold voice of a girl from the corner of the room where she sat on a small wooden stool with a book in front of her surrounded by candles. \"And luck is a magic we defeated long ago.\" \"You see, your uncanny luck relies on probability.\" Came a third voice, this from a young man in glasses who stepped out of the darkness so the candlelight shone off of their lenses. \"The lower the probability the greater your luck. With a probability of one to ten you can pull off some unlikely actions. If it were one to one hundred, a magnificent creature like yourself is capable of creating a miracle. However not even magic can make something out of nothing, and not even a Luckdragon can find a lucky break when the probability is zero.\" Falkor narrowed his eyes at the young man. \"I may not know much about statistics, but I know a few things. For one, I'm a great deal bigger than all three of you. Second, you all seem to have forgotten to chain me down. So what's keeping me from flying through that ceiling? For that matter, what's stopping me from turning you into a snack?\" The creature above him grinned. \"Ooooh aren't we feisty.\" It made a cat claw gesture. \"Rawr.\" \"Look down.\" said the young man in glasses. Falkor lowered his eyes to the floor beneath him and found an intricate carved circle with an assortment of symbols etched into it. Never having had much need for magic in his lifetime, the Luckdragon didn't have a taste for such things. But he was wise and he knew a magic circle when he saw it. \"That, my miracle-making friend is a rift circle. My associates and I once made use of them to cross between the various worlds we've visited. And we've explored all kinds. There are some full of magic like this one, others not so magical, some with people made of fire, others covered in ice. And there are even worlds where the landscape, the trees, the inhabitants, and even the air are made entirely out of water.\" Falkor visibly flinched which only made his captors grin. \"That's what waits for you if you take one step out of this circle.\" said the blue haired creature. \"We know that doesn't really mix well with Luckdragons, being made from fire and air and all.\" Falkor growled at them, but his fear of water kept him from moving to snap his jaws at them. \"What do you want from me?\" \"Nothing comes to mind at the moment.\" The young man gloated. \"We only apprehended you on orders. But you are a Luckdragon. I'm sure we can find a use for you. Fay, what was it he said to Atreyu on the day they met?\" Fay sighed and lifted the book in her lap, holding it open so they could see its pages. But instead of words Falkor's stomach lurched at seeing an image of himself speaking to a much younger Atreyu. \"From now on,\" the Falkor in the book said pridefully \"You'll succeed in everything you attempt. Because I'm a Luckdragon!\" The image faded as Fay rested the book in her lap again. Thoth smiled cordially. \"I suppose we can always use a bit more luck.\" \"You're going to need it.\" Fay said. \"That is if you plan on winning this game. The points are stacking in my favor.\" Thoth rolled his eyes. \"A wish for a pretty new dress is hardly conclusive data for your 'strongest magic' theory.\" \"It was a wish made by a girl who has not wished for anything in ten years.\" Fay argued. \"Still, hardly conclusive.\" \"I have an idea.\" Nag swung off its chain and landed in a crouch on the ground. \"Atreyu has relied on luck magic ever since the day he met Falkor.\" They continued talking as though Falkor weren't even there. \"Fay's 'strongest magic' is still very new to him. Maybe we can put the two against each other.\" Thoth stroked his chin with his slim fingers. \"Now there's an idea. The magic he's trusted most, from his closest companion no less, used against him. Well Fay? Dramatic enough for you? What do you say to another experiment?\" \"At least it will give us something to do while we wait for that girl to make up her mind with that ring we gave her.\" Nag added. Fay closed the book. \"The drama intrigues me.\" she admitted in her dull flat voice. \"Very well. We'll pit luck magic against the Strongest Magic. I declare that the Strongest Magic will shatter it.\" \"And I hypothesize that Atreyu's years of dependance on luck magic will be his undoing. The loser has to give Nag a tick bath.\" Nag cringed. \"I hate that idea.\" \"You are overdue for one.\" Fay admitted. \"It's starting to show.\" Nag scratched its furred ear in a canine fashion. \"Wait a minute. Atreyu is new to your 'strongest magic' Fay. And Adair is resistant to it. That's a really big risk. How will we continue the experiment if Thoth turns out to be right?\" To this, Fay gave the ghost of a smirk and winked one of her cold blue eyes mockingly. \"With luck.\" Falkor snarled. \"You're despicable.\" The three turned back to the Luckdragon. \"Oh don't worry.\" Nag jeered. \"We haven't forgotten about you.\" \"Seems we're going to get some use out of you after all.\" Thoth said. Falkor reared his head back and took a deep breath. A powerful stream of blue flames shot from his maw and streaked toward his captors. But just as it reached the edge of the circle it evaporated into mist. They had spoken the truth. His fire had been extinguished in that world of water. \"My turn.\" Nag held up its hand and from its palm came a cold spray of water. Falkor cringed and curled away from it, but there was nowhere to go. He wrenched his ruby eyes shut as he felt the water begin to sizzle on his face. \"Now that's quite enough of that.\" Thoth said. \"Nag, if you please.\" Nag spread its legs and dropped to a low stance. In a sweeping motion it heaved its arms upward. Falkor cried in alarm as two shadowy pillars sprung up on either side of him. Two giant arms made of pure darkness materialized and clamped their great hands down on him. Struggle and thrash as he might, he was powerless to escape their grasp. Thoth crossed the circle with a pair of shears in hand, snipping them together cruelly. \"This won't hurt a bit.\" Fay stood on the edge of the circle watching the other two work. Her cold gaze met Falkor's. \"Like we said, your luck has run out.\" \" Jason... Jason.\" Jason felt a light shaking on his shoulder and looked up to see Bastian looking down at him. He'd fallen asleep slumped over in the armchair. He rubbed his eyes and looked around as if he didn't remember where he was. With a sinking feeling he saw that it was daylight outside. \"Have you been there the whole night?\" Jason didn't answer at first. Instead his head shot up when he realized something was missing from his grasp. \"Relax.\" Bastian said. \"I have it right here. It must have fallen out of your lap.\" he held up the copper silkbound book in his hand. Jason had to stop himself from seizing it. He took it gratefully and opened it again. It didn't occur to him through his early morning haze that he hadn't marked his page the night before. He simply knew it was open to the right page. \"Any luck?\" Bastian asked. Jason read the first line on the page and sighed when he saw his friend's name. \"No. She's still in here.\" He noticed Iole curled up at his feet sound asleep and purring loudly. \"Traitor.\" he muttered. \"Perhaps you should head home. Won't someone be missing you right about now?\" \"No.\" Jason said bitterly. Bastian nodded and took one of the chairs from the corner of the shop to sit in front of him. He nodded with understanding. \"I see. So things aren't any better on that front?\" \"Not unless you call signing me up for military school behind my back better.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"It's fine. It's never really been a secret neither one of us want me there. At least he's upfront about it.\" \"You know my offer still stands.\" Bastian reminded him. \"I know.\" Bastian caught the tone of his voice and knew he didn't want to talk about it anymore. \"Well you have more pressing concerns right now, and I have a till to count. So if you'll excuse me I think I'll leave you to it then.\" \"Thanks.\" He was all he said before he began reading again. Three days passed and Atreyu and Adair at last reached... \"Whoa!\" he cried in alarm. \"Three days?\" \"Something wrong?\" Bastian looked up from his counting. \"The book says she's been traveling three days, but she only got sucked in yesterday. How does that work?\" \"Perhaps time flows differently in Fantasia than here. Different worlds have different flows of time. One would think it entirely possible for a person to spend their whole life in one world while not a day goes by in this one.\" Jason didn't like this idea at all. What if Adair did spend the rest of her life in Fantasia? What if he couldn't get her out before she became an old woman? Then he remembered that Adair did have a way of getting out if she really wanted to. He hesitated to think about what that might mean, but if it meant getting her out before she lost anymore time, or worse got herself killed by one of Fantasia's many dangers would that not be worth considering? \"Mr. Bux?\" The old man looked up again. \"Yes?\" \"What if Adair's found a way out of Fantasia already?\" \"Doesn't seem likely. Wouldn't she have used it by now?\" \"Well, it's complicated. Someone told her there was a way, but they were...\" He considered his words and then went on to explain the three strange characters in the book Adair had met; the ones who had claimed not to be from Fantasia and had promised her a way home in exchange for a price that was as strange as they were. \"So if she gives them a lock of Atreyu's hair (which by the way is beyond creepy) they'll send her home.\" \"I see.\" Bastian mused. \"Well I don't know much about magic myself, but the kind that demands a price up front, especially a vague one like that sounds a little dark to me. These three you've described sound very much like witches. That might be why Adair hasn't called on them.\" Bastian's words made Jason remember something those witches had said to Adair. \"Wait, AURYN gives Adair power, but that demands a price too. Adair loses a memory each time she makes a wish. Isn't that the same thing?\" \"Well AURYN is different. Much like the Childlike Empress, it doesn't make distinctions between good and evil.\" \"So is Moon Child good or evil then?\" \"Why of course Moon Child is good.\" Bastian said with certainty. \"Then how can she allow evil to exist in her world?\" \"Because she understands a great deal more than you or I ever will. Having lived for such a long time, she has a different perspective. Here, try this; suppose you knew Adair was going to fall and break her arm before it happened. What would you do?\" Jason answered immediately. \"I'd stop her from falling.\" \"Just as any good person would want to.\" Bastian agreed. \"But now let's look at it from Moon Child's perspective. You may not want Adair to fall and injure herself, but what you don't see is that Adair would survive the fall, her arm would heal and be even stronger than before, and in the end she'd be all the wiser for it. Furthermore those that are close to her are given the chance to care for her and show her they love her by being there in her time of need. All of these wonderful opportunities present themselves by one simple fall.\" Jason pondered the old man's words for a moment. \"I guess that makes sense. But what if the fall leaves her worse off than before?\" \"I find that when we fall it can work both ways. We can give up or we can get up. But that is up to no one else but us. But listen to the two of us.\" Bastian said, returning to his work. \"We're wasting time. I have a store to run and you have a friend to save. Let's both get to it then.\" They both set to their tasks before Bastian felt compelled to voice a last warning. \"Jason,\" their eyes met. \"Take it from me my boy. No good ever comes from dealing with witches.\" Three days passed and Adair and Atreyu at last reached the shores of the Ocean of Whispers that washed against the borders of Princess Gaya's domain. Atreyu had been strangely silent and distant for most of the journey. Mostly he'd stuck to telling her more about Fantasia. She'd been fascinated to learn that it was impossible to map Fantasia in its entirety because the landscape was always changing. It would constantly shift depending on the wishes of the traveler, where they were trying to reach and the strength of that wish. The only thing that remained constant was that the Ivory Tower was its heart. He'd told her that normally on horseback it would have taken a week to reach Spook City, but because AURYN hung from her neck they'd been granted faster passage. \"So this Princess, have you ever met her?\" \"No. But I've heard about her.\" Atreyu admitted. \"She's said to be very cunning, and powerful. Some call her the Maiden of Broken Dreams.\" \"Why?\" Atreyu leaped off the horse. \"I guess we're about to find out.\" \"Are we there?\" Adair looked from left to right trying to catch a glimpse of this famed city of ghosts and goblins. \"Where is it?\" \"There.\" he pointed across the ocean. She could see nothing beyond the shifting waves but gatherings of dark clouds. She looked hesitantly at the water. \"This might be a bad time to mention that I can't swim.\" \"You won't need to.\" he assured her. \"We're going to ask the sea nymphs.\" \"Sea Nymphs?\" \"The only way to reach Spook City is through them. They're bound to the water, so they're keepers of many secrets. It's one of the reasons Falkor hates the water. Secrets can tie you down.\" Falkor she thought with despair. They still hadn't heard anything from him since they'd been separated and she attributed this to Atreyu's bouts of silence. Talking about it now wasn't going to help though so instead she asked \"Well if they're so secretive then what makes you think they'll help us?\" \"Because they saved my life once. A long time ago I fell into this ocean and they carried me to Gaya's shores.\" Fallen into an ocean? She wondered how that had happened, but decided against asking him. It sounded like a long story and he seemed very focused right now. She'd have to find out later. Atreyu fetched a pebble from the bank and pressed it against his lips. \"What are you doing?\" He lowered the stone. \"Sending a message.\" Then with a flick of his wrist he shot it across the water's surface where it leaped seven times. \"Impressive.\" she admitted. At first nothing happened. Then Adair gave a start when she saw three pairs of eyes break the surface of the water where Atreyu had thrown the stone. Slowly they made their way to the shore until they could pull themselves onto the sand. Perhaps the most unsettling thing was that no matter how they moved, not a ripple disturbed the water's surface. They were beautiful as most nymphs are, but in a dark and mysterious way. Their night black hair twisted together all the way down their backs like coral. Their ears were long and ridged like the fins of a fish, and their eyes were completely black. Their fingers were webbed together, and they were wrapped in leaves of seaweed. But beneath it Adair could see that their flesh was actually covered in pale gold scales. She could only see them from the waist up because their lower halves remained hidden beneath the murky gray water. \"Atreyu of the Plains.\" said the first. Despite her eerie appearance, the sea nymph spoke in a musical voice that reminded Adair of trickling water. \"It's been a long time, but I still remember the day my sisters and I carried you in our arms. You were very small then.\" \"Daughters of the water,\" Atreyu addressed them formally \"this is Adair Alicia Artemis.\" \"We know who she is.\" said the second. \"There are whispers all over Fantasia, and every whispered secret is washed back to us.\" \"You have come seeking the Maiden of Broken Dreams.\" said the third. \"She has been expecting you.\" They sank back into the water until only their faces remained visible above the surface. \"Step onto the water. We shall take you to her shores.\" Adair looked to Atreyu. \"That was easy.\" In spite of this she couldn't begin to guess how they were going to reach the city by stepping onto the water. Atreyu went first and held is hand out for her. As they stepped onto the water she found it solid beneath their feet. It was like walking on a glass floor, slick and uncertain but still solid. They took three steps in and then suddenly the water rose around them. She flinched and threw her arms around Atreyu as she felt her feet heave upward. He held her steady as the water lifted them into a wave. It carried them across the Ocean of Whispers at such speed that she was obliged to close her eyes. When she opened them again she saw the jagged rocks on the opposite shore coming at them. \"Hold on!\" Atreyu cried and she squeezed ever tighter. The water lifted them higher and higher, propelling them over the rocks. Adair screamed as they were thrown from the wave's crown and felt the breath knocked out of her when they landed on the wet black sand. The landing had been hard but still safe. She coughed as she rolled onto her knees, pushing herself up. \"How did you land on your feet?\" she asked Atreyu with no small amount of jealousy. Atreyu bent to help her up. \"You've just got to find your center. You'll get the hang of it.\" \"Don't bet on it because I am never doing that again.\" \"What do we have here?\" came a gravelly voice from behind one of the rocks. In a flash Atreyu had his sword out with his feet planted firmly in front of Adair. A gaggle of six cackling goblins emerged from the rocks with their sickly green flesh and yellow saucer eyes. Their noses were long and hooked and their teeth looked as jagged and misshapen as the rocks. They had wild curly hair and in their hands they carried long spears that were taller than they were. The tallest looked like he barely reached Atreyu's shoulder. But what they lacked in height they made up for in thickness. Each one had burly shoulders and thick arms attached to a torso that balanced on squat legs with tough square knees. \"Now that's a shiny sword.\" said one. It's widely known that goblins are lovers of anything shiny and they will do almost anything to get it. \"Careful. He looks like he knows how to use it.\" said another. \"Well too bad for him. They're in our lands now.\" \"I am Atreyu.\" the boy said boldly. \"We are here to see Princess Gaya, the ruler of these lands. We were told she was expecting us.\" All of them laughed. \"Our Princess expecting you? Prove it!\" Thinking quickly, Adair got to her feet and stepped in front of Atreyu. She held up the medallion around her neck for all of them to see. \"Recognize this?\" she snapped. The goblins cringed. \"The Gem. The Gem! It's the Gem!\" they cried. \"A human! The Empress' messenger!\" \"That's right. The Empress sent us.\" Adair declared with more boldness than she felt. \"We came to ask your princess something and you are going to make sure we get there safely. Got that?\" The goblins looked at each other and waited for their leader to speak. \"Right this way.\" one of them said. \"We'll take you to her.\" The motley gathering motioned for them to follow. Three led from the front while the rest took up the rear. With goblins in front and behind Adair felt this was more of a prison escort and the idea made her uneasy. Had Ateryu not been there she wouldn't have had the courage to take another step. His confidence had been something of an example to her since they'd met. But even with him there her head was swimming with all kinds of ideas about who they were going to see, none of them pleasant. She could see the city at the height of the rock formation. As the goblins led them up the winding path that led there she would catch glimpses of shadows out of the corner of her eye. They'd flit back and forth on the rocks above them. She felt like they were staring down at them. The nearer they drew to the city, the more real and frequent the shadows became. When they reached the gates of the city they weren't shadows anymore. She could see the eyes of night hobs, ghouls, ghosts, and hags leering at her from every which way. She felt Atreyu squeeze her hand. \"Don't pay any attention.\" he whispered. \"This place feeds on your fear.\" \"Then they just got an all-you-can-eat-buffet.\" she whispered back. \"Just don't show them you're scared and they can't bother you.\" The way he instructed her reminded her of a time when she'd been very small and someone she loved very dearly had given her advice when she'd been plagued by nightmares. You're wrong. she thought. They can hurt you. Spook City was more of a ruin than a city. It was a grand ruin, but still a ruin. The buildings were all falling into disrepair, and more than that they looked like they shouldn't have been able to stand the way they were built. One tower she saw stooped over, almost in a complete arch. Everything in the city seemed intentionally left covered in a layer of dust and cobwebs. After a long trek through the city the goblins led them to its center. In the city square with the moon shining down on it with pale light stood a tall castle of stone. She didn't remember the sun setting, but from the moment they'd entered the cliffs the sky had been dark. Now that they were at the center, the city looked to have reached twilight. The goblins led them into the citadel past a pair of imposing gargoyles perched above the gate. She was sure she saw the statues move and stare at her as she passed. The goblins led them up the steps that led to a wide room with a black throne in its center. The moon shone down on this room through a gaping hole in the ceiling that looked like it had been blasted open intentionally rather than simply falling to decay like the rest of the city. \"Fearsome and revered Princess Gaya,\" said the goblin leader as he and his followers fell to one knee. \"We bring you Atreyu of the Plains and human Adair Alicia Artemis. They seek an audience with you. Adair heard something from far off that at first sounded like the wind. But as it grew louder it sounded more like howling. Soon the wind reached the throne room and it was all around her. She covered her ears because the wind was actually the cries and howls of thousands in her ears. It carried with it glittering specks that looked like stars. The glowing trail swirled around each of them until reaching the throne. The glittering shards gathered before the throne and Adair gasped as they collected to form feet, then legs, and then a being came into full view. A tall maiden materialized from the shards and shadows swirled around her in a long flowing gown that looked like a piece of the night sky that had been cut from the heavens. Her hair was pure white and looked like glowing strands of moonlight. It floated around her head as though it were beneath the water. Her entire body was made up of these glittering shards that looked like broken glass attached to a shadowy core. Adair had to stifle a gasp when she saw her face, for in its center sat a pair of black eyes. But they weren't eyes at all. They looked more like holes that led into the darkest abyss. The Dark Princess lowered her heavy black gaze to Adair and she felt her legs tense like they'd been bound with wire. \"I know who you are and why you have come to my realm.\" Her voice sounded like the terrible wind, like the cries of others in a sordid chorus. \"Leave us.\" she said to the goblins. The goblins were only too happy to oblige her orders. This princess left even her own followers quivering with fear. \"Atreyu of the Plains, we meet at last.\" Adair looked to Atreyu who was as stoic as always. His hunter's gaze that she had drawn strength from were as steady as boulders. She wondered how even in the face of this creature he could remain so calm, but then she noticed something that she never thought she would see. His legs were trembling. Even Atreyu felt the weight of the Princess' darkness. \"I am Gaya, ruler of these lands, queen of witches and ghouls, and regent of all that moves in the night.\" \"You said you know why we've come.\" Atreyu stated and Adair was grateful he was brave enough to talk to her because there was no way she would. \"A Creature of Darkness that calls himself Volrac has declared war on the Childlike Empress.\" \"The Nightmare King.\" Gaya said with bile coating the title. \"Yes I know him. Ten years ago he came to my realm and asked me to be party to his madness.\" \"You refused?\" he asked. The shards that made up the Princess' face tightened into a scowl. \"Did you doubt that I would? Moon Child is Fantasia.\" Adair tensed. It felt like a blow to hear Moon Child's name glide along the tongue of someone like Gaya. The strangest part was the respect in her tone when she made that statement. \"That is what we wish to know. He must know that if the Childlike Empress dies, Fantasia and everything in it will be destroyed, him included. Why would anyone, even a Creature of Darkness attempt something like that?\" \"Why do you ask me what you have already guessed 'Son of All'? You said it yourself. No one from Fantasia could ever form such an idea.\" Adair shuddered. \"How did you know that?\" she asked, and regretted speaking when those abyssal eyes came to rest on her again. \"Secrets and whispers are all in my dominion.\" Gaya answered. \"Every dark idea or suspicion reaches my ears. I even know your fears.\" \"Then you know who it is?\" Atreyu asked. \"Who gave Volrac the idea?\" \"The Nightmare King is powerful indeed, but he is only a pawn in the greater picture, a puppet dangling from the strings of an even darker power.\" \"Who is it?\" Atreyu demanded. Gaya's face twisted in rage and she let out a low howling hiss. \"The Distortion. It does not belong in Fantasia, and it carries hideous magic that poisons all that it touches, twisted and ugly. Because it is not of Fantasia it is not bound by its rules. It twists Fantasia's very nature to fit its desires.\" \"But why? What does it want?\" \"Want?\" Gaya said with a sneer. \"The Nightmare King wants. The Nightmare King has ambitions, and as mad and hopeless as they are he at least believes in what he does. The Distortion wants for nothing. It simply corrupts for corruption's sake. Its whims are childish and meaningless. It has given the Nightmare King his power and promised to help him reshape Fantasia just to see if it can.\" Atreyu realized he'd been asking the wrong question. \"What did this Distortion promise Volrac? What does he want?\" \"The Nightmare King hates Moon Child and hates the world of humans even more. He despises the connection between our world and theirs. In his mind Fantasia must be free of them.\" \"And destroying the Childlike Empress accomplishes this?\" Atreyu asked. \"He can't destroy Moon Child!\" Adair cried. \"That would still destroy Fantasia. I don't know a lot but I know that much.\" Gaya held up one of her glimmering hands to silence them. \"It is not his wish to destroy Moon Child. It is far worse. The Distortion has promised to craft a most hideous magic to help him accomplish this. He does not plan to destroy her. He plans to replace her.\" Atreyu visibly staggered. \"A Fantasia not ruled by Moon Child? That can't happen. Not even the Distortion can do that. Please Princess tell me it can't!\" \"Who can say?\" Gaya answered and Adair almost believed she heard sadness in her voice. \"Its darkness is vast and still growing. It may yet find a way. Uncertain or not, many of the Creatures of Darkness have been attracted to the Nightmare King's dream of a new Fantasia no longer bound to Moon Child or the Human World. Even some of Fantasia who do not follow the darkness have been misled by this madness. I hold my court here through their fear of me, but soon even they will forsake this place to join him.\" \"But not you.\" Adair realized. \"You hate his plan.\" she looked up at the dark princess whose face was now as blank as the shards of glass that made up her body. \"You're a Creature of Darkness. Shouldn't you hate everything that's good including Moon Child?\" Thunder cracked above them as Gaya's black gaze turned hard. She spoke slowly with menace. \"How dare you. I allow you into my domain and give what I know freely, and you would accuse me of treason?\" Atreyu stepped forward. \"She means no disrespect Princess. Even I have wondered why you've remained here while all the others have joined Volrac.\" Gaya turned her eyes back to Atreyu and the instant she did she was inches from his face, hovering above the ground in front of him. \"I will not tolerate suspicion from you. Do not forget 'Son of All' that it was by my power that Gmork the Werewolf was chained. When the Nothing was consuming our world, Gmork would have seen it happen by destroying you, the only one who could save us. By my cunning I tricked him and by my magic I bound him. Then to make sure he would never escape I threw myself into the Nothing. Had I not he would have found you and swallowed you whole and our world would have been lost.\" For once Atreyu's eyes were wide in alarm. The shards of Gaya's body dispersed and swirled back to the throne where she reformed. Seated in her throne her voice took on a distant tone. \"I was a beautiful dream once,\" she said mournfully. For the first time her voice was soft and now Adair knew there was sorrow in it. \"Loved and admired by all, until the one who dreamed me lost his wife and went mad with grief. I changed into a hideous nightmare and was scorned by all those I had once called my friends. I wandered ugly and alone for many years until one day I found myself at the Ivory Tower. No one stopped or stared as I made my way to the top. It had become everyone's custom to simply try and pretend I was not there. I climbed for days without rest until I reached the Ivory Garden where I collapsed. When I awoke I found myself in the Magnolia Pavilion and came face to face with the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes. I fell to my knees and wept at her feet. I begged her to make me beautiful again. Then I heard her laugh. When I looked up she smiled at me with those wondrous golden eyes. She shook her head and said 'but Gaya, you already are'.\" She lowered her gaze to Atreyu. \"Yes 'Son of All', I am like you. I have seen her face to face. The Childlike Empress was the first and last to look upon me and accept me the way I am. She does so with us all, even those as broken and forgotten as me. Through her I found new purpose.\" then she scowled and her voice turned hard again. \"For me, Moon Child's Fantasia is and always will be the ONLY Fantasia.\" She raised her arm and stared at the glittering shards that formed it. \"You have heard that I am called the 'Maiden of Broken Dreams'. That is not simply a title, it is my calling. This form that I take is made from the fragments of every dream that has ever been broken or forgotten. They are like me.\" she looked to Adair this time. \"They are the despair of your race, and it is growing every day.\" Adair felt a sinking feeling in her chest. \"That sounds very... lonely.\" \"It's not really. This is the calling Moon Child gave me and I will honor it. They are simply wishing for someone to remember them. I even have one of yours.\" she looked to Adair again. \"Would you like to see it?\" Atreyu shook his head at her. He looked anxious. But Gaya's claim gave her curiosity. There was a piece of her dream in the princess? What did that mean? She took a step forward as Gaya beckoned her with her long glass fingers. The princess spread her hands wide and in a flash the shards of her body spread out and swirled like flakes in a snow globe. One shard floated to the front and she cupped it in her hands. It grew until Adair could see her face reflected in it like a mirror. Then it changed. It was still her face, but she was very small. She jumped when she recognized the white daisy pins in her hair. The last time she had worn those she had been seven and it had been her mother who had used them to pin back her bangs. She was looking at her younger self and now she realized what Gaya was showing her. She tried to back away, tried to tear her gaze from the mirror. She saw her young self in the woods crying, she saw them coming to find her. Mom! Dad! No! Don't! Don't come! NO! And then she saw HIM. What played out before her made Adair's head spin. She felt disconnected, like she'd been a fish plucked from a pond and swung around while the air burned her lungs. She couldn't breathe. The first thing that brought her back to herself was Atreyu screaming her name. \"Adair! Adair! What's wrong?\" She realized then that she had been screaming. She found herself on the floor where she would have hit her head had Atreyu not caught her. She felt his arms around her and when she looked into his eyes she felt herself start to cry. She buried her face in his chest to hide the tears. She didn't want him or anyone to see her cry. Atreyu hardened his gaze as he looked back to Gaya and demanded an explanation. \"What did you do to her?\" \"I showed her what you came for.\" the princess snapped. \"The reason Moon Child sleeps while the Nightmare King tries to take her realm from her. His attack on our world began ten years ago when the Distortion showed him her mirror in the human world.\" Adair could barely hear them. Her head was still being assaulted by that horrible image she had kept buried for so long. \"What are you talking about?\" Atreyu shouted. \"Moon Child has no mirror in the human world. She is Fantasia.\" \"And Fantasia is filled with contradictions.\" Gaya said with an air of superiority. \"This is what the Nightmare King used to try to persuade me to join his cause a decade ago. The Distortion used its dark magic to grant him a brief passage to the human world and showed him the human mirror of the Childlike Empress.\" \"Adair?\" Finally Adair could think straight enough to process what they were saying. \"Me? I'm the Childlike Empress?\" \"You are her mirror in the human world. You are connected to her stronger than any other I have ever seen. Seeing you here with the Glory around your neck I am now more certain of that than ever. The night you saw the Nightmare King he stopped your heart. You have not dreamed or wished ever since that night. At the same time in Fantasia, Moon Child's eyes closed and have not opened again.\" Adair held a hand to her chest, clasping AURYN in her hand. \"He... stopped my heart? Everything he did... was to get to her?\" \"That has been his plan from the beginning. When he attacked you in the Ivory Tower he believed the Empress would vanish with you and leave her throne open for him. In her state, Moon Child is powerless to stop him, and she will remain so until your heart awakens.\" \"How do I do that?\" Adair asked feeling fresh tears trying to break through her eyes. \"How can I start dreaming again? I haven't wanted to for ten years.\" \"Your heart can only be awakened by the Strongest Magic.\" the princess answered. \"The strongest magic? What is that?\" \"That is what you came here to learn.\" Gaya answered. \"This is your story Adair Alicia Artemis. It is for you to discover.\" She tried to rise and Atreyu helped her to her feet. \"Why haven't you told anyone of this?\" Atreyu asked. \"All this time Moon Child has been asleep you knew. You knew how it had happened.\" \"Because she has always known.\" Gaya replied. \"The day before she fell into sleep, Moon Child sent a messenger to my realm. She told me all that I have told you and instructed me that I was to wait until you and Adair stood before me. Then I was to tell you and only you. You in turn must never reveal what I have. Keep Adair's identity a secret and guard her with your life for without her we are all lost.\" Adair needed Atreyu to help her remain steady. He kept one arm around her shoulder as he spoke to Gaya. \"Thank you Princess for all that you've done. We'll be leaving now.\" \"Wait.\" Gaya rose from her throne. \"There is one last thing. As a show of good faith to Moon Child's messengers I offer you a tribute.\" They heard footsteps from one of the corridors as a group of wide eyed night hobs entered the throne room. Each one dragged a chain behind them. The links clanked together loudly, and each time they tugged the chain in their hand they laughed high screechy laughs. Adair peered over them to see what it was they were dragging behind them. The moment she caught a glimpse of the hunched figure who looked around wildly with reddish brown eyes she knew who it was. Gaya had captured Shadeseeker. She was as old and shriveled as they had seen her last. Apparently she'd been unable to steal anymore youth after the destruction of her mirror. In fact Adair thought she looked even worse than before. \"We caught her three days ago trying to hide in our ranks. She is powerless now and is useless to the Nightmare King who will not allow her back into his graces. Even so she is still a traitor to all of Fantasia. As messengers of the Childlike Empress I give her to you. Before me and these witnesses of my court you may decide her fate.\" Atreyu moved as if to shield Adair from the terrible sight but she waved him away and moved into the gathering of hobs to look the old hag in the eye. Shadeseeker said not a word but her eyes were wide both with malice and fear. Her face was covered in bruises and stained with tears that left trails in the layer of grime that coated her skin. The gash that Atreyu had caused with the shard of her mirror had scabbed over and looked to have become infected with green around its edges. \"Did you get anything out of her?\" \"Nothing I didn't already know.\" Gaya replied. \"And there is nothing more to be gained. She is a soft being and did not stand up to torture. Had you not arrived I would have had her executed. But I shall leave the decision to you.\" Adair felt a hand take her by the wrist. It was Atreyu. Shadeseeker looked desperately between the two of them looking for all the world like a cornered field mouse. Atreyu whispered in Adair's ear and she nodded. Turning back to the dark princess Adair said \"Banishment. Let her go.\" Gaya's dark gaze was apprehensive. \"You would have us free her? She who joined ranks with Moon Child's enemy?\" \"It's like you said.\" Adair explained. \"She's powerless. She can't do any more harm even if she's freed. Why waste time?\" The princess stared at her silently. \"This is my decision as the messenger of the Childlike Empress.\" She held AURYN up for her to see. For the first time since she had appeared before them, Gaya smiled. \"You are more like Moon Child than you realize.\" She motioned for her hobs who set to releasing the hag from her shackles. She still said not a word even as Gaya ordered her to leave. She took shuffling steps toward the gate and spared Adair one last glance over her shoulder. She didn't know what was in those eyes, whether it was hatred, wonder, or just plain confusion. Then Shadeseeker vanished from Spook City. \"I think it's time we left too.\" Atreyu said and Adair agreed. All she wanted was to leave this terrible place behind and never look back. They made their way past the hobs and toward the gate when Gaya called to them a final time. \"Good luck Atreyu and Adair,\" It was the first time she had said their names without addressing them by any sort of title. \"And beware. The only thing that can save us is also what the Distortion seeks. If they succeed your Strongest Magic may become your most bitter poison.\" And then she was gone, leaving only the howling wind in her wake; the mournful cries of broken dreams.[Chapter 9] Chapter 8: The Way of Wishes Hot white sparks flew every which way as Thoth's instruments struck the work table before him and a terrible grinding echoed throughout the chamber. He wore a set of safety goggles to protect his eyes, but he'd rolled up his sleeves and left his arms bare. He never flinched as the sparks landed on his flesh even as they began to sizzle. The flesh of his arms, like so much else in his life was long past feeling. Nag's long tangled blue hair brushed the edges of the table as it swung back and forth, suspended upside down from the ceiling. \"Nag, you're disrupting my work. Did you find anything out?\" \"Only that Volrac has gone away to gather the final piece. That gives us plenty of time to have some fun.\" Its red eyes drifted over the object of Thoth's attention. \"How's it coming?\" Thoth grinned. \"I have only a few minor preparations left.\" Nag smiled. \"Liar. You've been done for a while now. Are you teasing Fay again?\" \"I simply wanted to see how long she could keep herself from disturbing me.\" Thoth confessed. \"She may act aloof but underneath that porcelain mask she's positively giddy with anticipation.\" \"I hope it was worth it.\" Nag chided as it leaped from its perch on the ceiling onto its feet. \"Here she comes now.\" \"Is it ready yet?\" Fay's black heeled boots click-clacked on the stone floor. \"Can't rush perfection, Fay.\" Thoth grinned enjoying his secret victory. He turned his head and raised his goggles. Her face was blank as always and her hands remained at her sides, but he could see her violet-nailed fingers were writhing and her black tail swished back and forth like a metronome. \"I must thank you again for allowing me to have the delightful assignment of constructing this beauty all to myself.\" \"I didn't want to be accused of cheating. I'll allow your theory to fail on its own.\" \"We'll see.\" Thoth reached for the object that lay on his work table, the subject of tireless tinkering, and lifted it high in the air. \"Let's see your 'strongest magic' stand up to this!\" In his hand he held a long-sword. The blade was as wide as a man's hand and looked heavy. The steel was black with red markings where it met the hilt. The hilt was connected to the blade by an upside-down crescent with two red serpents set into the middle. And tied around the ring that stuck out from the pommel was a tassel of white hair. Thoth swung it expertly and it made an almost musical hum as the blade cut the air. \"Feast your eyes my dear on what I lovingly call the 'Serpent of Fortune'. The steel of this blade I reinforced with the Luckdragon's fang. It shall never miss. Within the hilt is one of the Luckdragon's claws. It cannot be thrown from its wielders hand. And here at the hilt, and melted down into the steel itself is hair from the Luckdragon's mane. Whoever grasps this sword in their hand is guaranteed fortune in all of his endeavors so long as his luck holds out.\" With a proficient thrust, Thoth pointed the very tip of the blade just an inch from Fay's nose. \"Impressed?\" Fay stared at the blade in much the same manner that a savvy shopper might view merchandise. \"It will do.\" Thoth lowered it. \"Is that fear I detect?\" \"Doubtful.\" Fay answered. \"You've handled my amygdala yourself.\" Nag circled her, sniffing the air near her. \"Nope, I don't smell any fear. She's serious Thoth.\" \"Ah but you cannot deny your worry that I might just win this one. I hypothesized that luck magic would win against your 'strongest magic' and I've put every effort forward to prove your theory wrong. All that is left is to find a suitable subject.\" \"I've already found one.\" Nag declared with pride. Thoth raised his eyebrow skeptically. \"You?\" \"You never said I couldn't. And why should you and Fay have all the fun.\" Thoth looked to Fay who had nothing to say. \"Very well Nag, let's hear you out.\" \"Well as we know, Luck Magic is at its strongest when the odds are stacked against it. So that sword will do the most damage in the hands of someone who's, shall we say a little down on their luck. We did disgrace a soldier in our ranks recently.\" Thoth's features brightened. \"Ah, him. Yes of course! Fay how does that sit with you?\" \"As well as it would with any other.\" \"You really are quite confident in this aren't you?\" Thoth kept his eyes locked with hers as he handed the sword off to Nag. Nag strapped the blade to his back and bounded from the chamber on all fours. \"Now the real fun starts!\" Atreyu gathered some more logs for the fire and carried them to ring they'd made. They were both too tired to journey much further after the sea nymphs brought them back to the shore of the Ocean of Whispers. The only firewood they had was what had been tied to their horse. Adair had felt relief at seeing that their stallion had remained where they'd left him after they'd been taken to Spook City. She'd gotten over her initial fear of the creature and had actually grown fond of him in the last three days. Being a proud war horse, she'd learned that he responded well to direct and abrupt orders as well as compliments, drawing attention to what a strong and capable steed he was. Anything too gentle made him uncomfortable. She didn't know how she knew this, she just did. She'd become exceptional at communicating with their horse, but with her traveling companion she had made little headway. She knew he was worried about Falkor and she'd given him his space, but he still seemed distant. She'd done everything shy of actually bringing the subject up. Perhaps he just needed to vent. But she still restrained herself from prodding. He'd talk when he felt like it she told herself. Still, it had been several hours since they'd made camp and he had barely spoken a word. \"We'll find him.\" He looked confused. \"Who?\" \"Falkor.\" She answered. \"I know you're worried about him.\" \"Oh.\" He nodded. \"Yes, but I'm sure he's fine. We've been separated before and he always finds me. He is a Luckdragon after all.\" That wasn't it, she realized. What else could be making him act this way? \"Then what's wrong?\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"You've been acting weird since we left the Ivory Tower.\" \"How do you mean?\" \"I don't know you've just…\" she thought about how to word this. \"You stopped talking.\" A look of realization dawned on him. \"Oh that.\" Then she grew more confounded than ever because now he looked embarrassed. \"It's nothing really.\" \"Well you're killing me.\" He looked horrified suddenly and jumped to his feet. \"I am? I'm so sorry! I didn't mean for you to—\" She sighed. \"That's not what I meant. It's an expression. It means I can't stand not knowing. Now what's eating you?\" \"Nothing's eating me. I'm completely…\" he stopped when he heard her sigh. \"Oh… was that another expression?\" \"Yes.\" He looked more abashed than ever. \"I guess you already know my problem then.\" \"What, that you can't read sarcasm?\" \"No. I just… I don't know how to act around… girls.\" Adair felt as though someone had struck the back of her head with a two-by-four. It wasn't typical of her to think of herself as a girl, at least not in that sense. She'd certainly never noticed any of the boys she went to school with get nervous around her, and she was convinced they didn't notice her at all. She couldn't help but smile. \"You're serious. That's what this has been about?\" \"Please don't laugh. I've been traveling since I was ten. I've never really spent time with one before. Not this much.\" \"What about Deisha?\" \"Deisha's more like a little sister. We grew up together.\" He explained. Adair didn't know much about girls herself despite being one, but she knew enough to know how Deisha felt about Atreyu. She'd come to expect he felt the same way, but no boy would describe the girl he cared for as his little sister. \"Wait, so you two aren't…\" He frowned when she hesitated. \"Aren't what?\" Then he blushed. \"Oh no, nothing like that at all.\" \"Never mind. Forget I said anything.\" Could he really not be aware of Deisha's feelings? No wonder the plains girl looked so bitter all the time. \"Well I don't think of you that way either, so you don't have to be so nervous.\" He sighed with relief. \"Oh, okay good.\" She shot him a look that made him stutter. \"I mean, not really good, I mean, I wouldn't, you're very pretty, but—\" She held up her hand. \"It's fine. I know what you meant.\" Had he just called her pretty? Now his wasn't the only face that was turning red. They went back to what they'd been doing before. She took the stallion's reins in her hand and ran her fingers over his snout. \"Arian!\" she said suddenly. Her outburst had been so sudden that Atreyu dropped all the logs he'd been carrying at once. The fire crackled and hissed as if resentful of the sudden drop. \"What?\" \"Sorry. It just sort of came to me.\" \"What did?\" She looked back to the horse. \"We've been riding him for three days now and we've never given him a name.\" Atreyu nodded. \"Right. I'd forgotten.\" \"I know it's kind of a weird name, but it's still better than the one I picked out for my cat when I was eight. Can you think of a better one?\" She asked. \"No, I think Arian's a fine name. Besides, Fantasians can't create new names. Only a human can do that.\" She stopped stroking Arian and turned to him. \"What? How do you get your names then?\" \"The ones that dream us give us names.\" He replied. She thought about what that meant. For some time she'd come to understand that Fantasia and her world were connected, but she'd never really understood how. Atreyu had said that the two worlds needed each other, but beyond that she had much to learn of the two worlds' connection. \"I wanted to ask, what do you mean the ones that dream you? Gaya said that too in Spook City. What does that mean?\" Atreyu sat by the fire and stared into it as if he hadn't heard her at first. \"Fantasia,\" he began slowly \"is the world of human fantasy. Every dream or thought the people of your world create is here. You're the ones that give us life.\" \"So everyone here, everyone I've met, they're all dreams?\" She felt something contract in her chest. \"Do they know?\" \"Some of them do. The ones like me who have seen Moon Child have all learned at some point or another how our world and the human world are connected.\" She wanted to ask more, but she hesitated. She couldn't wrap her head around the idea that she was talking to someone's dream. \"Does it bother you?\" \"Does what bother me?\" \"That you're… you know…\" she stumbled over the words until they tumbled out of her. \"Not real.\" He looked up then and his dark eyed gaze made her flinch. \"Is that what you think?\" \"But you just said you're a dream.\" \"Yes that's true. I am someone's dream. Someone in your world imagined me because I represent what they see in themselves and everything they want to be. Why would that make me not real?\" \"I don't know, I'm sorry. It was a stupid thing to say.\" She said at once. They were quiet again for a while and she wondered how deeply she'd offended him. She wondered what she would say if someone had told her she wasn't real. \"So is it true what Gaya said?\" Atreyu asked after a long silence. \"What do you mean?\" she asked unnecessarily. She knew exactly what he was referring to. The very mention of the Dark Princess brought back that horrid image the broken maiden had shown her. He seemed to sense her aversion to the subject. \"I wouldn't take everything she said so seriously. Whatever her intentions are, she's still a Creature of Darkness. It's their nature to tell only half of the truth. She might not have told us everything. I know she said you were Moon Child's mirror, but that might not be the whole story. But there is one thing I'm sure of. If you stop yourself from dreaming then we don't stand a chance.\" \"I didn't stop myself.\" She snapped. She glowered at him, but her expression softened when she saw her words hurt him. She hadn't meant to be hostile, but he had been wrong. \"Something stopped me.\" \"Is this about what Gaya showed you?\" \"Yes.\" She said softly. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. \"She was right. The Ivory Tower wasn't the first time I saw him.\" \"Him? You mean Volrac?\" She sighed. \"Yes.\" It had been a long time since she had told anyone this story and she was more reluctant now than ever to share it. \"Adair, whatever he did to you, it's the cause of everything that's happening right now. I understand how you must feel, but—\" Those were not the right words to say to Adair, and Atreyu knew it too late. Adair's eyes turned fierce. She felt a wave of anger push out through her chest and soon it came crashing out of her mouth. \"You understand how I feel? How could you know how I feel? How dare you! You have no idea what he did to me!\" \"My parents are dead too!\" He shouted. Adair stopped short. \"What?\" She stumbled over her thoughts. How had he known? \"I never said anything about my parents.\" \"Yes you did, at Spook City. You were screaming for them.\" She stared at him for what felt like a long time, and then all her energy left her. She knelt down by the fire, unable to speak. \"I'm sorry Adair. It was wrong of me to say that.\" \"No I'm sorry. I didn't mean to freak out on you like that.\" She hesitated. She had no right to ask this. Not when she was so unwilling to share herself. But she did anyway. \"So how did it happen?\" \"It was when I was very young. They were both killed by a buffalo soon after I was born. I was raised by all the men and women of my village. That's why they called me Atreyu. It means 'Son of All'.\" Adair vaguely remembered the way Gaya had addressed him by that title. \"So perhaps I don't know how you feel since I was never able to meet them. But I have felt the pain of loss, and I know that a good place to start healing,\" he sat down beside her and she felt the warmth of his hand against hers. \"A way to move forward is to talk.\" She was resentful of the tears that were trying to break through her eyes. She bit her lip in an attempt to keep them from getting through. She swallowed and tried to compose herself so she could speak. All the while Atreyu waited patiently. \"I was seven.\" She began. \"My mother's name was Diane, and my Father's name was Richard. We lived in this small town by these woods that I used to play in all the time. They would warn me not to go there alone, but I would anyway. Then one day we got in a fight. I don't even remember what it was about. I just remember I was angry. I remember running away to hide in the woods. I was so angry.\" She took a shuddering breath as she began to lose control. This was the worst part of the story for her. The memory made her feel shameful and ugly. It was why she couldn't meet his eyes. \"I remember I wished they would just go away. And then they did.\" There was no holding them back now. She felt tears slide down her face in hot streams. Her throat grew tight but still she persevered. \"They came to those woods to look for me. It was getting dark. I was afraid. I called out to them. I heard them coming. Then he appeared. He was standing behind them. He looked worse then. He was all hunched over, and he couldn't speak. He just growled like a monster. But I remember those fangs and those eyes. They haven't changed. They screamed. They told me to run and I did. I ran and hid while he took them. There was an old tree house I used to play in. That's where I hid. I could hear them screaming. I covered my ears. I covered my ears and hid while he killed them. When they finally stopped, when I finally climbed down he was gone, and they were dead.\" Dead. The word was like the final wave against a dam that would cause it to come crashing open. All her control was gone then and soon she was sobbing. She didn't know if she had thrown herself at him, or if Atreyu had chosen to place his arms around her, but it really didn't matter to her. \"It was my fault! It was all my fault! They'd still be alive if it wasn't for me!\" \"That's not true.\" He whispered. \"Did I wish for it to happen? Is that why he came?\" \"No.\" \"Then why? What else could it be? I said it out loud; 'I wish they would go away'!\" \"You were a little girl who got upset and didn't know what she was saying. I know that you would never make that wish. You may have said it in a moment of anger, but you could never really mean it. What he did was not your fault. You loved your parents and they loved you. I know they did because they protected you. And if you didn't love them you wouldn't hurt so much.\" She let his words sink in and cried until she felt she'd cried enough. When she'd quieted herself she shrugged out of his embrace. \"I'm sorry.\" She said with a raw throat. \"It's not something you need to apologize for. People need to cry. Do you feel any better?\" \"Hard to say.\" She admitted. \"Right now I just feel tired.\" \"So you haven't made a wish since that day?\" \"Not really. I don't think I wanted to.\" \"Do you think you'll be able to try now that you understand?\" \"Are you talking about that 'way of wishes' thing again?\" \"Not only will it save Fantasia, it's your only way home.\" He said firmly. She looked away from him, suddenly very aware of the cool feel of silver from the ring on her finger. \"Atreyu, someone told me something about AURYN. They said that every time I made a wish on it I'd lose a memory. Is that true?\" He bore no reaction to her statement. \"Who told you that?\" \"Is it true?\" she said again with a little more force. Still Atreyu's face did not change. \"Yes it's true.\" \"Then why would I want to make a wish on it? Isn't that dangerous? What if I lose everything? What if I forget my name? Why didn't you tell me?\" \"Adair, it is true that AURYN takes a memory as a price for each wish. There have been those who have gone through what you just said and were left with no way to return. They were careless with their wishes. Most of them wished for power or other things out of greed. It is possible to want too much. But you face the opposite danger. I didn't tell you because I wasn't worried you would make too many wishes. I'm afraid that you won't make any. If humans stop dreaming then Fantasia dies.\" Adair narrowed her eyes suspiciously. \"So this is all for Fantasia?\" \"And you. Humans need Fantasia as much as we need them. Without dreams you can't move past this block you've put up for yourself.\" \"Maybe I don't want to.\" Atreyu sighed. \"The sadness in your eyes tells a different story.\" \"My eyes are just fine thank you!\" she snapped. \"I know that, I was just making an expression.\" \"Now you're making fun of me.\" Again Atreyu was struck speechless. That was the second time this evening. \"I am not! I was just trying to—\" \"You know what, forget it.\" She grumbled, rising to her feet and dusting herself off. \"I'm going for a walk. I need to think.\" \"But…\" Atreyu wanted to follow her as she stalked away from the camp but thought better of it. He sat back down by the fire and shook his head. \"Girls.\" He muttered to himself. \"You were right Falkor. All the luck in the world couldn't help me with her.\" Adair walked a good distance off, but not so far that she would lose sight of their fire. She marched until it was nothing but a glimmering speck on the darkening horizon. She found a rock near the shore and sat down on it listening to the waves softly beat against the sand. Who did he think he was telling her what to wish for anyway? She had told him the story of what had happened to her parents, the darkest most secret part of herself, and immediately after he had turned it into a way to make her do what he wanted. And worst of all he had claimed it was to help her. How was simply wishing going to help her better than the careful defense she had built up around herself for ten years? In her world wishing seemed pointless and foolish. In this world it sounded downright dangerous. Who knew what memories she could lose? What wish could possibly be worth one of her memories? It just goes to show you she thought you can't let anyone in. It had been her philosophy for years, and a decade of experience had only given her more proof that it was true. She had loved her parents but had been shown that no matter how constant or real people may seem they would all leave eventually. That was just a matter of time. She'd learned from her Aunt Rosemary that the people you trust can betray you. After her parents' death her aunt had been the first and last person she had ever told what happened aside from the police who questioned her. Being as young as she was she had been foolish enough to think she would be believed. But what had Aunt Rosemary done? Had her carted off to visit a shrink for hours on end until she finally admitted to having made everything up, that's what. Both Rosemary and the therapist had put all their energy in forcing her to recant what she knew, and finally she had. She had never forgiven her aunt for that. There had been other times, too many to number where her trust had been thrown back in her face until she had stopped altogether. Now she fumed over the realization that Atreyu might be the same. Why had she been stupid enough to believe he'd be any different? Furthermore he had been wrong. His precious \"way of wishes\" was not her only way home. She looked down at the silver ring once more. It would be so easy to use it. All she would have to do was wait for Atreyu to fall asleep, take just one lock of his hair, whisper a name and then she'd be home. But that would mean putting her trust in those three sinister characters she'd met at the tower. So who should she put her trust in at this point, at least enough to try something; those three freaks or Atreyu? She sighed and started running through her head for the pros and cons of each. Both parties had promised to help her. The three in the tower had been upfront with her and told her what would happen to her if she wished on AURYN. Atreyu had hidden it from her in the hopes that she would wish, and no matter what his reasons were he had still kept the truth from her. Actions speak louder than words. She couldn't remember where she had heard that from. It sounded like something Aunt Rosemary or her mother might have said. She didn't know what had made her think of that. She decided to blame it on the Ocean of Whispers since that was what it felt like to her, just a still small whispering. Still it meant something to her now. She'd just compared what the two parties had said. This time she decided to think about what they'd done. Beginning with the mysterious trio, the girl with the purple streak in her hair had tricked her into reading the book which had landed her in Fantasia. The boy with glasses had claimed it had been for some experiment of theirs. The idea that they had tricked her didn't sit well with her. Not only that. Everything she'd seen them do had been highly clandestine. Even their simple meeting had only happened because she'd been led cloak-and-dagger-style to some abandoned tavern that she never would have felt safe meeting in. Then she thought about Atreyu. The first time she'd met him, when she'd first landed in Fantasia had been loud and chaotic but that hadn't stopped him from protecting her. That first time and every time after that he had leaped to her defense without a second thought. Not only had he protected her from monsters, he'd also defended her decisions when others had questioned them. And when she voiced a thought or an idea he had followed her without a hesitation. Maybe he really was trying to help her. He had listened to everything she had to say thus far. She owed him the same courtesy to at least try what he had suggested. Closing her eyes, she took AURYN in her hand and squeezed it. A short while later she returned to camp. Atreyu was on his feet the moment he saw her. He too had been given time to think about what he would say when she came back. \"I should have told you about AURYN.\" He admitted. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Yeah you should have.\" She agreed. \"I didn't tell you because I didn't want to scare you, and also because I believe in you. But that's no excuse.\" \"You're right,\" She agreed, then sighed. \"And I'm sorry too.\" Atreyu had looked braced for a strike, and after she had exploded at him perhaps he was right to. But he was not braced for an apology. \"For what?\" \"You may be right. I can't let what happened to me or what might happen to me keep me from dreaming. I can at least try.\" \"You can? You will?\" his face brightened. \"Sure. I figure there are a couple memories I wouldn't mind losing. But first I have a question. I thought of a wish I could make and it's not for me. I wanted to test it out first before I tried anything big. When we were in Spook City you practically begged me to let Shadeseeker go. Why did you do that?\" Atreyu wondered what she could be getting at by asking this. \"Because she is someone's dream. As twisted as she is she is still part of Fantasia, and part of someone in your world. She wasn't a danger to anyone so why not let her go? \"Do you think there's hope for her? I mean can she turn into a good dream again?\" Atreyu smiled. \"I believe that's one of the reasons that Moon Child allows dreams like her to exist. There's always that chance.\" \"Then I know what my first wish is. I did choose to let her go, but it wasn't just because you asked me. It was because I felt sorry for her. There are people like her in my world where the only thing that matters to them is their beauty. But that kind of beauty doesn't last forever, and when you're faced with losing it then I guess I can understand why she acted the way she did. When we saw her in Gaya's court she looked totally destroyed. She has nothing now. She doesn't know what real beauty is. I'm going to wish for her to find it; the kind of beauty that can really make her happy. There's just one problem.\" \"What's that?\" he asked. \"I don't know how.\" Atreyu smiled again. \"You just did.\" Thanks to Adair's wish, the once feared witch Shadeseeker would one day find the true beauty Adair had spoken of and it would make her very happy. But how she found this beauty and what she did with it is another story and shall be told another time. A fierce roar shattered the silence in the old bookshop as Jason shot up from his chair and hurled the book across the room. He didn't care that he had startled Mr. Bux, or that Iole had been violently thrown from his lap where she had been curled up peacefully. Because at that moment he was overcome with a feeling he was very unfamiliar with. Even so he knew what its name was; jealousy. \" Jason what has gotten into you?\" Bastian came around the counter and reached to put a hand on the boy's shoulder but stopped short. \" How dare you.\" He growled through gritted teeth. \"How dare you!\" \" Who? What is it Jason?\" \" Him! Your friend Atreyu! I don't care what you say about him he just used her! All to save his precious Fantasia!\" \" Slow down, slow down. Now tell me what happened.\" \" He made her tell him! She hasn't told anyone! She never wanted to! She shouldn't have to! It's horrible!\" \" Tell him what?\" This time Bastian did seize Jason by the arms. His touch seemed to bring him back to himself. In that moment of clarity Jason realized he had said too much. It was true he was furious that Adair had been coerced into sharing the story of her parents' murder to Atreyu, but that didn't give him the right to turn around and tell Bastian. He dropped his voice and tried to keep calm. \" He made her tell him something very personal about her life that she's never told anyone.\" \" That doesn't sound like him. Are you sure she didn't just tell him?\" \" Yeah she told him, but only after all of his waiting and trying to weasel it out of her. And now he's making her wish!\" \" I don't see the crisis there. What's the problem with wishing?\" the old man asked. \" Don't play dumb! You know she'll lose her memories!\" A look of realization dawned on Bastian. \"Ah, you mean AURYN. Yes it's true those wishes come with a price.\" The old man waited for the words to come to him. \"That is true with all of our dreams. At least the ones we wish to make real.\" \" She shouldn't have to pay a price that high no matter what he says.\" Bastian gave him a sad smile. Jason had been sputtering only fragments of the story so far, but Bastian didn't need the whole story to know what this was really about. \"Tell me Jason, why are you really upset? Is it because she's learning to share and wish? Or is it because she is not doing so with you?\" Jason looked up at him. \"What are you talking about?\" \" Now who's playing dumb?\" Bastian said. \"You love her don't you?\" Jason felt his face flush. \"What? That's crazy.\" Those words weren't enough to convince anyone who would have heard, certainly not one as wise and experienced as Bastian Balthazar Bux. \" My boy I guessed a very long time ago. You're always talking about her when you're here, even before any of this happened. I know how much you care for her. It must be hard to have to hear about her feelings this way and not face to face like you may have hoped. But even so, if I understand you correctly this is the first time Adair has opened up at all in a very long time. If you truly care for her this should make you happy. And when she has the chance I'm sure you will get to see all those sides of her that she never showed you before that you so desperately want to see. In the meantime she has some growth to undergo and Atreyu is helping her along. If he says he's going to help her it's because he means it.\" Jason couldn't listen anymore. As furious as he was at the moment he knew he shouldn't be taking it out on Bastian. But there was someone at fault here, someone he could take this to, someone who had a lot to answer for. He collected the book from where he had thrown it and made for the door. Iole followed at his heels. \" Jason, where are you going?\" \" To Adair's house. There's someone I need to talk to.\" Banishment did not suit Chember the Butcher in the slightest. He was a being that was used to being feared. It was a status he was not only accustomed to but one that he craved. To be dismissed like refuse the way Lord Volrac had was more than he could bear. For the first time in his life he had been subjected to shame and experienced fear himself. Now not even murder and bloodshed brought him the joy it used to. He sat alone in the tavern with his melancholy mug of liquor surrounded by the bodies of all the patrons. The bartender lay slumped over the counter he'd been cleaning. Not one death had lifted Chember's spirits. Slouched over his drink he kept himself occupied with a set of darts and a target mounted on the wall. But not a single dart struck the board. \"How has the army not caught you yet?\" The voice made Chember's three gill-like nostrils scrunch together in disgust. \"Do none of them know how to follow the scent of blood?\" \"Come to humiliate me further?\" He hissed. \"Why would I do that? You're doing a fine job of it yourself.\" Chember shot his hand out and four fleshy white cords snaked out of his sleeve. They wrapped around the arm of the one who spoke. The creature Nag grinned as it pulled the cords taut. \"You've gotten slower. Did all the booze go to your brain?\" Nag's arm glowed azure blue and the cords snapped as easily as string. Nag stepped closer to him, leering at him with that fanged smile. \"Or did you just not have one to start with?\" Despite the drunken haze he was in, Chember still felt that uneasiness he'd come to associate with the Circle of the Night. \"What do you want?\" \"Food. I'm starving. And drink if you have it.\" Chember tossed his half empty mug at the creature. \"Enjoy you filth.\" Nag not only caught the mug, but used it to catch the ale that escaped. Then it guzzled the drink greedily. It licked its lips when it was through and wiped its mouth with the back of its hand. \"But let's not talk about what I want. It's what you want that brings me here.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Our Lord Volrac has thought about his decision to banish you. He's decided to give you a second chance.\" Chember's red and yellow eyes glistened with excitement. \"He has?\" \"Oh yes. And all you have to do is what you failed to do last time.\" \"Oh I will, I swear it. Atreyu will suffer. Tell him so!\" Chember stumbled to his feet. The sudden rush had begun to clear his head of the alcohol. \"I will peel the flesh off of him and make him scream for mercy.\" \"Yes be as cruel as you like.\" Nag spoke encouragingly as though the notion pleased it. \"But be warned, the human now has the Glory.\" \"The Glory?\" Chember faltered. \"Tsk tsk.\" Nag chided. \"Are you wavering already?\" \"No! But… The Gem? How could anyone hope to fight against the power of the Childlike Empress?\" Nag winked one of its smoldering red eyes. \"With luck.\" It held its hands out as a blue light began to form between them. It waved its hands out in front of itself and from the dark blue light came a magnificent sword; one with a black blade with red markings where it met the hilt. Twin serpents were inlaid on the hilt, and tied to the pommel was a tassel of long white fur. \"A sword?\" Chember studied the weapon that lay across Nag's hands. \"An enchanted sword.\" Nag clarified. \"We fused it with luck magic.\" The creature licked its lips. \"Luck magic from Atreyu's own dragon.\" Chember could feel his mouth watering as he reached for it. He took it by the hilt and held its blade skyward. A strange sensation flowed from the blade into his arm, and then through all of him. He smiled with his rows of needle sharp teeth. Nag watched him as he hefted it, getting a feel for its weight. \"How do you feel?\" Chember reached for the last dart on the counter and threw it without even looking at the target. It struck a double bull's eye. \"Lucky.\"[Chapter 10] Chapter 9: A Devil's Luck, A Dragon's Bite I ole appeared to have taken her leave of Jason for the time being. She hadn't followed him to his car, and he hadn't seen her when he arrived at Rosemary's place. Not that he was really looking for her. His mind was far too set on the woman in front of him. He had looked so distressed when he arrived and thrown their door open that Rosemary had sent Brian, Jamie, and Lizzie upstairs. \" Jason I'm glad you're here. Have you seen Adair? Jamie told me you went to the movies. Where have you been?\" Instead of answering her, Jason had a question of his own. \"Why didn't you believe her?\" Rosemary was rightfully puzzled by this. \"Believe her about what? She never told me where you were going. You two just kind of took off.\" \" This isn't about the movies!\" Jason snapped. Rosemary jumped. He never raised his voice at her. Ever since he and Adair had become friends, Rosemary had gotten along with Jason, some would say even better than she did with Adair. She'd been glad to know Adair had a friend she could talk to, and she was glad he could be something of a role model for her boys. Even if he had his peculiarities, at least he didn't go around the neighborhood with his pants falling below his hips and a wife-beater like the other boys in their area. He was also polite. Rosemary had already been on edge with Adair being missing. Jason's behavior now had her even more anxious. Jason sighed, feeling his anger start to soften. Having never known his own mother, he'd always been able to look to Rosemary for advice. He'd never grasped the reason for all the friction between her and Adair until now. Even with that knowledge he found it hard to be angry with her. But that didn't mean he wasn't. \" The wolf, her parents, why didn't you believe her?\" At once, Rosemary's brow came together. \"She told you about that?\" Jason ground his teeth. \"No she didn't. And thanks to you she never will.\" \" Jason what are you talking about? What's happened?\" For a moment he wondered if he should tell her about the book. He was very aware of its weight in the book bag strapped to his back. He decided against it. Not until he knew why she had denied Adair the support she had craved when she'd come to her those years ago. His voice trembled and his throat felt tight, but he looked her in the eye when he spoke. \" She told you. She came to you for help. She was a little girl who had just lost her parents and needed to talk about it. And you couldn't give her that.\" \" Jason she wanted me to go chase the boogeyman for her!\" Rosemary was forced to look up at him, being a small woman. \"She didn't know what she was saying when the police found her. She was nearly catatonic, but she insisted that a werewolf killed her parents. She wanted them to keep looking. When I had her analyzed, the Doctor—\" \" You mean the shrink you sent her to.\" Jason interrupted. She paused, but continued. \"He said that she had witnessed something traumatic. She couldn't handle what had happened so she blocked it off and created a different version she could handle.\" \" What could be worse than what she said?\" he demanded. Rosemary shuddered. \"It's anyone's guess, but it's not something I wanted to think about.\" Jason stared down at her, feeling his anger rise back to the surface. He spoke with pure venom. \"You made her think she was crazy. Because of you she's never been able to open up to anyone. You're her guardian. You were supposed to protect her. If she couldn't trust you then who could she turn to?\" \" You think it was easy for me? I lost my sister that day! We all lost people we cared about! But the police couldn't find anything. It was better for everyone that the whole thing stayed buried. We couldn't move on otherwise.\" \" She hasn't moved on.\" He growled. \"She's carried it with her for ten years because you were too scared to talk to her.\" Rosemary sighed and he could see exhaustion settle over her as she dropped onto the living room couch. \"What do you want me to do Jason? I can't make her let go if she doesn't want to, and I can't dig up the past.\" \" You mean you won't.\" \" That's right, I won't. This family can't handle any more of that. All we can do is try to move on.\" She sat up and leaned forward, folding her hands pleadingly. \"I don't know what's brought all this up, but please if you know where she is, tell me. She needs to come home.\" Rosemary was a strong woman, but the tears welling in her eyes did not escape his notice. \" Would you really change things for her if you could?\" \" Of course I would. She's my niece.\" He took a deep breath. \"If you mean that, then you'll believe what I'm about to show you.\" He slipped the backpack off and opened it. He reached in and pulled the book out. He opened it to the page he'd been reading and handed it to her. \"Here, read this. It'll all make sense.\" \"Well it's a new day.\" Atreyu said, putting the fire out and starting to break down camp. \"Where do we go from here?\" Adair asked. \"Back to the Ivory Tower?\" \"Won't do us any good.\" He replied. \"Gaya said we need to keep what we learned a secret. We need to keep moving forward if we're going to save Moon Child.\" \"So you think the Way of Wishes will lead us to that Strongest Magic she was talking about?\" \"Who knows? But it's probably our safest bet.\" She fingered AURYN which still hung from her neck. \"Then what should I wish for?\" Atreyu smiled. \"Anything you want. You're the human here.\" Adair thought for a moment. What could she wish for that could get them moving again? They needed to be fast wherever they were going because time was of the essence. Not only did each wish cost her a memory, but every moment the Childlike Empress remained a sleep was another moment that Volrac grew in power. The thought of their need for speed made her realize what it was she wanted. She grasped AURYN tightly. \"I wish we could find Falkor again.\" She whispered. Atreyu's grin broadened when he heard that. \"Then let's get going.\" Rosemary frowned. \"What am I supposed to be seeing?\" Jason had been feeling hopeful when she'd begun reading. Now his face fell. \"You're kidding.\" He pointed at the page. \"What do you think I'm showing you?\" \" So the girl in this book is named Adair. What's that supposed to mean?\" \" But you just said—\" Rosemary sighed and cut him off. \"Are you serious? You expect me to believe that Adair is inside this book?\" \" You saw it with your own eyes!\" \" I saw her name. That doesn't mean it's her. For one this Adair is trying to solve her problems by making a wish . Adair won't even blow out the candles on her birthday cake.\" Jason snatched it away from her. All he could do was stare. \" Jason, whatever it is you two have gotten into, you can tell me.\" \" I just did!\" Rosemary fell back on the couch. \"Please Jason, I don't know what kind of game you two are trying to play but I need to know where she is.\" Jason glowered at her. \"This was a mistake.\" He said as he stuffed the book back into his bag. \"You can't help me.\" \" Jason. Jason!\" She called after him, but he ignored her. He just slung his bag back over his shoulders and made for the door. Rosemary followed him. She opened the door after he closed it and shouted to him as he went for his car. \"This is serious Jason! I'll call the police!\" \" And tell them what?\" he called over his shoulder, not even bothering to look at her. He never found out what she would tell the police because he slipped inside his car, slammed the door and drove off without another word. He couldn't waste any more time on her. Adair was in mortal peril and the person who should have cared more than anyone was refusing to see what was right in front of her. \" Well at least now I know where Adair got that from.\" He muttered. Bastian Balthazar Bux received an unexpected visitor that day. It wasn't exactly that he hadn't expected to see Jason again, but he was surprised to find him at the front door of his home rather than at his shop. \"Jason? What are you doing here?\" The boy looked distraught and exhausted, and it was no wonder. It had been a day by now that he hadn't returned to his home or slept in a real bed. \"I don't have anywhere else to go.\" He breathed softly. Fatigue was plain on his features. \"Can I please come in?\" \"What about your house?\" Jason flinched. \"I can't go back there. This is too important. He wouldn't understand.\" Bastian shook his head sadly. \"Yes of course my boy. Come in.\" he led Jason to his living room. He had a modest home, but he knew it was more than what Jason was used to. \"Have a seat.\" He motioned toward the couch. When Jason sat down, Bastian moved one of the chairs to sit in front of him. \"So what happened? You looked dreadful when you left my shop and you look even worse now.\" \"Rosemary didn't believe me.\" \"Who?\" \"Adair's aunt.\" He explained. \"Oh I see. Well can you really expect her to?\" \"She's her aunt! If she really cared about her she'd be helping me! Or she would have helped Adair sooner and none of this would have happened!\" \"Take it easy Jason, just calm down. You're not going to help anyone unless you calm yourself. Now I don't know this woman… Rosemary did you say? But I wouldn't count her out just yet. If you remember, you had a tough time swallowing what you know now.\" Jason only scowled. Bastian shook his head. \"You young people, always thinking you have all the answers. Have you paused to think perhaps that Rosemary has her own reasons for acting the way she does?\" \"What reason could be good enough not to help her niece?\" the boy snapped. \"I can't say.\" Bastian answered as calm and level as ever. \"I'm not Rosemary. But you must focus on what is important right now. You gave it your best try and it looks like for now you'll have to soldier on alone. Don't worry. Like Adair and Atreyu, you're on a journey. Just focus on what your part is, and soon things will come together to where you can see the whole picture. It's hard to know how the whole story is going to turn out when we're so focused on our own part in it.\" \"I'm not a character in this book.\" Jason growled. To this, Bastian simply replied cryptically in a distant voice. \"Oh but you are. We all are.\" Then he was back to his genial self as though they hadn't been discussing anything out of the ordinary at all. \"Well my wife is getting supper ready. I suppose I should go help her. You're welcome to stay.\" Jason felt himself soften at the man's kind invitation. \"Mr. Bux?\" he asked sheepishly. \"Would it be alright if I stayed in the guestroom again? I don't think I can go home until this is done.\" Bastian winked. \"Of course. Stay as long as you need. You know where it is. How about you go and put your things in the room.\" Bastian went to the kitchen where Jason could hear his wife humming to herself while she cooked. He heard the old man address her and then the two spoke in hushed voices. He must have been explaining they'd have a guest for dinner. Jason made his way up the stairs and into the guestroom. It had once belonged to one of Bastian's sons. The man had seven children all grown and gone. The youngest of his sons was away at college, and it was his room that Jason was allowed to stay in when he found he didn't want to go home. There were even some clothes left in the closet Jason was allowed to borrow on occasion. He usually didn't, but this time around he was grateful since he hadn't really brought anything with him besides the book and his backpack, and he didn't know how long he'd be staying here. He was still in the same boot cut jeans and two-in-one long sleeve he'd been wearing the day Adair disappeared. It seemed like such a long time ago now that he'd given her the address to \"Coreander's Old Books\", but in reality it had only been two days. Jason set down his book bag and was just about to seat himself on the bed to read again. No sooner had he sat down however when he was startled by a shrill cry. \"REEEOOWWE!\" Jason bolted back to his feet and spun around. There on the mattress looking very disgruntled was a blue-eyed white cat with black paws and ears. \"Iole?\" He cried in as much irritation as surprise. \"How did you get here?\" The cat simply stretched her claws in response and stared at him. Jason narrowed his eyes and grabbed the cat by the scruff of her neck, hoisting her to look him in the eye. \"Alright I've had it with the games. Spill it, Cat. What do you know?\" Iole swiped her claws at his wrist and he promptly dropped her and cursed under his breath. She hadn't drawn blood, but she'd left four parallel claw marks. He glared at her, but Iole was already back on the bed, tapping her little paw against the cover of the Neverending Story. As weird as it was that the cat was commanding him to read, Jason knew she was right. Adair was still in the book and time was wasting. Who knew how long she'd been in there by Fantasian standards at this point. \"Fine.\" He relented. \"But you'll tell me sooner or later.\" Little did Jason know that he was to get his answers sooner rather than later, and in a very unexpected circumstance. He opened the book and began reading where he believed he'd left off. \"So if we're going to find Falkor who would be good to ask?\" Adair inquired. They had passed many Fantasian settlements since leaving the shores of Spook City. They'd encountered a rocky plateau inhabited by rabbit people who had long powerful back legs. They traversed a wild forest where a family of odd folk covered in brown and gold striped fur and bright golden saucer-eyes that hung from the trees had given them food (they had been afraid Atreyu had been there to hunt them and had used the food as a peace offering). They had even come across a meadow where three blossom nymphs had come to spread seeds for wildflowers. These nymphs were kinder and gentler than their sisters who inhabited the Ocean of Secrets. Still Atreyu had warned her that if they stayed too long they would soon forget why they had come. Since the spring nymphs were eternally young and existed outside of time they were generally care free, and without knowing it they could pull others into their revelry and they'd stay until they died. They had traveled a great distance now and yet no one they had met had seen a Luckdragon in ages. None of them could point them to Falkor. At present they had decided to give Arian a break from carrying them as they crossed a densely wooded area. Atreyu was normally good with animals, but for some reason Arian would only let Adair lead him by the reins. Atreyu could pull all he wanted, but the horse would not budge. The young plains warrior had explained that since Adair had named him, the horse was loyal only to her. So it happened that she followed Atreyu as he cleared their path, leading Arian behind her. \"I'm not sure.\" Atreyu replied. \"I hate to ask you, but I think this is where you'll need to create a story.\" Adair furrowed her brow. \"Huh?\" Atreyu stopped and turned to face her. It was almost jarring to her how serious his dark eyes could be in the middle of his young face. \"You made a wish for us to find Falkor right?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well it's like you said earlier. AURYN doesn't just grant wishes. It always has to attach a story to it, otherwise Fantasia doesn't grow.\" \"So you're saying I should make up a story that will help us find Falkor?\" \"I know it sounds strange\" he admitted. \"But I saw Bastian do it once. It's an incredible power that only humans have here.\" Adair thought it over. \"I guess I can give it a try. But I'm not like Bastian. I can't just pull a story out of thin air like he could. You'll have to give me something to go on. Tell me a little more about Falkor.\" Atreyu answered briefly like she had simply asked his own name. \"He's a Luckdragon. They're creatures of fire and air who bring fortune to anyone they meet, especially those they are fond of.\" \"Well we haven't met anyone yet who seemed any luckier than the next guy.\" She reasoned. \"You said he's made of fire and air right?\" \"Sort of. It's what he's born from.\" She tried to picture something in her mind that would make that bit of information about Falkor useful. \"Are there any other creatures like that nearby? People made of fire? Maybe like distant cousins to Luckdragons?\" Atreyu's dark eyebrows knit themselves closer together. \"Actually there are; the Snapdragons.\" \"Who are they?\" she asked, though in her mind a picture was already beginning to form. She saw a short creature with a giant head the size of a large dog covered in orange and yellow fur. It stood on just two short legs and had a small barbed tail like an alligator's that it balanced on. On its back was a pair of wings, leathery like a bat's, but transparent like a beetle's. They looked too small for flying, but looked capable of gliding a short distance if the creature gained enough of a running start. Its maw was lined with short spaced out fangs that reminded her of a lizard. It may have looked frightening if not for the baby blue eyes that sat in the middle of its face. There was a strange mischief in its eyes that made her think of her cousin Jamie, how he would play harmless pranks on her in the hopes that she would chase him through the house like she used to. \"They're like Falkor, but they're a lot younger. They like getting into trouble.\" Atreyu explained. Then to Adair's surprise he went on to describe a creature that was true to the vision she had in her head in every detail; the fur, the tail, the short legs, the wings, he even described their eyes as clear blue and child-like with just a hint of impishness in them. \"The Luckdragons gave them a job to keep them out of trouble. They create fire with their wings, so they're supposed to burn away parts of Fantasia that have died or that need to be deforested.\" Adair wondered if she had imagined that last part as well, or if Fantasia had done that for her. \"Where can we find them?\" \"You made up the story.\" Atreyu pointed out. \"You tell me.\" Adair gave him a skeptical look. \"You're the hero of the story right?\" \"I'm the hero of a story, yes.\" \"And a master tracker and hunter?\" she added. \"No doubt.\" \"Then you wouldn't be much of a hero if I had to tell you everything would you.\" Atreyu's mouth dropped open for only an instant. Then he nodded. \"Good point.\" He cast his eyes about their surroundings. \"They don't really like to stay in one place for very long. They're always on the move. But if you wished for them, they must be close. We'll probably find them at the edge of the forest where the trees thin out. They like wide open spaces. This way.\" He motioned for her to follow him again. \"So let me ask you something.\" She said, leading Arian behind her. \"I just imagined the Snapdragons, but you're talking about them like they've always existed. So which is it? Did I imagine them, or have they always been here?\" To this Atreyu simply said \"Both.\" \"Of course.\" she sighed. She wondered if he really understood just how incomprehensible Fantasia's rules and natural laws were to her. It was so bizarre to her that a creature that had existed just in her head a few short moments ago could suddenly become part of Fantasia as if it had always been. Try as she might to wrap her head around the idea she just couldn't. She decided she'd be better off overall if she just accepted Atreyu's explanation and went with the flow. They continued on their way through the woods mostly in silence. Neither of them had the faintest idea that as they began to track down the Snapdragons, they too were being tracked. Jason didn't like the sound of that. \"Tracked?\" he thought aloud. \"By who?\" At length they came out of the forest and found themselves staring down a hillside into a wide prairie. They'd come to a valley of grass that was almost as tall as a man. And in the center of the valley was a great black circle. The grass there had been scorched to allow for a sort of playground for the creatures that Adair could barely make out in the distance. From where they stood she could only see bright orange dots frolicking back and forth. Atreyu moved to stand by Arian. \"It might be better to ride in so they can see us. If we surprise them, they might burn down this entire valley.\" With deft precision he swung himself into the stirrups and offered Adair his hand. With little effort he hoisted her into the saddle. She was surprised that he let her ride in front of him this time. \"You're letting me take the reins?\" she asked. \"He is your horse after all.\" Adair could only guess at what she was supposed to do from her days of watching Atreyu. But she soon found it wasn't nearly as difficult as she believed because Arian seemed to know what she was thinking and went where she wanted him to. The grass nearly came up to Arian's eye, but Adair and Atreyu were clearly visible over the top and the bright white, purple, and gold of Adair's tunic drew the spapdragon's attention to her at once. As they drew nearer she could begin to make out the little creatures kicking each other playfully like puppies on the floor. But when they caught sight of her they lined up eagerly and she could see their tails wag back and forth. \"They think we're here to play.\" Atreyu grinned. Adair wanted to laugh. Arian trotted to the edge of the grass and brought them into the burnt out clearing. The air smelled of that bitter tang of sulfur. The two of them leaped off the horse and were soon crowded by the snapdragons, anxious to be the first ones to get the attention of the visitors. Adair indulged them by petting the fur on the top of their head. It wasn't exactly soft but tangled and matted like a shag carpet. As she went to each one she wondered how they were supposed to help them find Falkor. Did Snapdragons even talk? \"Hello.\" She began, testing the waters. Each one perked their ears up and started bouncing up and down on their two short legs. \"Hello.\" They answered back. But they didn't all speak at once so it came out more like \"Hello! Hello! Hello!\" Their voices were shrill and gurgled and reminded her of some kind of muppet she had seen on TV a long time ago. Okay, she thought. They were heading in a positive direction. \"We're looking for a friend.\" \"Here we are!\" One shouted, pushing itself against her. \"No, we're looking for someone else.\" She tried to explain. \"Who?\" \"A Luckdragon named Falkor. We were wondering if you could help us find him.\" The snapdragon nearest her flopped its ears down and shot her a bored expression. It rolled onto its back and kicked its two stubby legs idly. \"What's your name?\" She sighed. She felt like she was talking to Jamie and Brian again. When she had something important to tell them, they just tried to change the subject because they didn't want to be serious. \"Adair.\" She answered. \"You're pretty Adair.\" She didn't know how to respond to that. No one had ever really told her that before (well besides Atreyu, and that was something she was a little bashful to remember). \"Thanks I guess. So will you help us or not.\" \"Only if you play with us!\" Adair gaped at the furry delinquent, but when she looked at Atreyu he was smiling at her. \"Looks like we're their prisoner if we want to get any further.\" He laughed. \"We don't have time to stay here and play. Wasn't there something urgent about what we were doing?\" \"You made the wish.\" He reminded her. \"If you want to move forward you have to make sure you get everything out of the ones you make.\" She glowered at him. The way he was looking at her with that smile like he was expecting something really annoyed her. \"Fine.\" She relented. \"So how do you guys play?\" The Snapdragon's ears perked up and it leaped to its feet. \"Like this.\" It was all the warning she got before it bounced behind her, placed its snout right underneath her and then bucked her into the air. She screamed as she was vaulted off the ground and wrenched her eyes shut, flailing her arms in a futile attempt to stay airborne. She braced for the painful return to the ground. Instead she felt a light thrust and she was back in the air. She dared to open her eyes. As she spun in the air, she could see all of the snapdragons bouncing on the ground below her. They had formed a mosh pit and were keeping her in the air with their noses. Whenever she came back down, they'd simply bounce her back up with their nose like a dog with a beach ball. It was only a light tap on her back and a sudden fling back toward the sky. It wasn't their plan to harm her at all. They just wanted to have fun. She flew into the air a third time, her silk tunic and sand colored hair flailing around her, and started to smile. She heard another cry of surprise and looked to her left. Atreyu had not escaped the Snapdragons and now he was being thrown high in the air with her. Now she was laughing, actually laughing. She lost track of how many times they threw the two of them into the air. Atreyu reached for her and they grasped hands. Now they were landing on their feet and propelling themselves off the snapdragon's snouts like two children on a trampoline. They circled each other, laughing all the while. Atreyu let go of her and somersaulted into the air, flipping three times before he landed again. \"Now you're just showing off!\" she called to him. \"Did it work?\" he called back. Adair felt her chest heaving as she went higher and higher. The snapdragons were playful and harmless, but they did tend to be careless. They were only young dragons after all. Well they misjudged the distance the last time they tossed the pair up and accidentally flung them both over the edge of the pack. Landing on her back knocked the wind out of her, but she was grateful the impact hadn't smacked her head. Atreyu was rolling onto his knees to help her up. \"Are you alright?\" He offered her his hand and she took it, still trying to get her breath back. The Snapdragons mulled around them looking worried. They looked like a group of naughty children that had just upset their mother and knew they were in for it. \"Did we hurt you?\" one asked full of concern and looking guilty. When she could finally breathe again she giggled. \"Who said you could stop? Let's go again.\" The little snapdragons perked up again and bounced excitedly and surrounded them to pick them up again. \"Are you sure you're alright?\" Atreyu asked looking half concerned and half amused. \"I haven't had that much fun in a long time.\" She honestly couldn't remember the last time she'd laughed so hard. Her lungs were pumping and she felt her blood flowing with adrenaline and euphoria. She needed more. She couldn't stop now. Who knew how long this would last? She took Atreyu's hand and tugged it eagerly, feeling like a little girl. \"Come on, one more go!\" The snapdragons were more than happy to oblige, but just as the first one stooped to buck them back into the air, the whole pack froze. Their baby blue eyes narrowed and they pointed their noses up to sniff the air. Their little heads swiveled back and forth. Adair felt a sinking feeling as she tried to follow what they were looking for. Atreyu had grown still and was stretching his keen gaze across the prairie. \"What's wrong?\" she whispered, though she didn't know why she felt like she had to be quiet. \"Someone's coming.\" He pointed across the prairie at the very path through the trees they had left the forest through. At first Adair could see nothing. Then all at once he burst through the trees. She gasped and her grip on Atreyu's hand tightened as the Plains warrior unstrapped his bow from his back. There he was dressed all in black like the last time she had seen him. And worse, his legs straddled one of those awful black demon dogs from before with its pale scaled face and claws. Even from across the clearing she could tell the villain was smiling with those hideous rows of black needle sharp teeth. Poking over his shoulder she could see what looked like the hilt of a sword that he hadn't had with him the last time. \"It's Chember.\" Atreyu hissed. \"Volrac must have ordered him to track us.\" \"What do we do?\" she whispered urgently. The snapdragons were a formidable sized pack, but she could almost feel them trembling. Chember and his steed frightened them as much as they did her. Before Atreyu could answer, Chember dug the spiked heels of his boots into the sides of his ferocious mount and the gorgon-hound rushed forward. Its powerful legs sprung the Butcher toward them. That was the only signal the snapdragons needed to spring into action. The entire pack shrieked in terror and took off. They ran toward him at first, but then the pack split off every which way. Adair watched in terror and amazement as they bounded off of their two short legs and opened their transparent wings. They beat them wildly to allow them to glide, and when they were at their highest they opened their gaping maws and let loose a stream of fire. The entire expanse of tall grass between Chember and the two of them was now ablaze and the snapdragons flitted about the scene unharmed. But the Butcher only smiled and reached for the sword on his back. He drew it and swung it in front of him. Adair nearly screamed as a path opened through the flames, like the blade itself had cleared it for him. One of the snapdragons vaulted for Chember in an attempt to block his path, but the murderer merely swung the sword once more. The snapdragon somehow lost his balance and tripped beneath the feet of the demon dog. Chember's steed leaped over it with grace, actually using the poor creature as a platform to launch itself high into the air. Then Chember himself jumped from his place, raising the sword high. He was diving straight at them with a smug look of ease. Acting quickly, Atreyu pushed Adair aside and stepped up to meet Chember, pulling an arrow from his quiver. In a swift practiced movement he knocked the arrow to the string, pulled it back to his ear and released it. The arrow was sure to meet its mark if not for Chember's sword. With a flick of his wrist the arrow bounced off the steel and was lost in the grass. Atreyu was forced to jump back to avoid the villain's attack as he reached the ground. Chember merely chuckled as he rose back to his feet. In the outer field, the dog demon was contending with the entire pack of snapdragons and the fire was growing. \"Good shot, as always. A perfect shot.\" He said in his shrill hissing voice. \"It almost got me, right here in my heart.\" The murderer pointed to his pale segmented chest. \"You don't have a heart.\" Atreyu growled. \"Sure I do. Just because I never listen to it, doesn't mean I don't have one. Oh, you hear that? It's getting louder. The blood is pumping through my veins. It's pounding in my ears. You know what that means. It means I need to kill. My heart is crying out for blood. Want to know whose blood I'm craving?\" Atreyu loosed another arrow. At point blank range there was no way he could miss. But again Chember deflected it with the new sword. He laughed high and cold. \"You're still not listening! That's not going to work. Not as long as I've got this.\" He held the weapon up so both of them could see. The blade was black with menacing red markings etched into it, but what he was really trying to show them was the white tassel that was tied to the pommel. Atreyu's eyes widened with recognition at the sight of the long white fur. \"That's right. Now I get a taste of your dragon's luck.\" Adair felt a lump form in her throat. \"That's Falkor's!\" \"Where did you get that?\" Atreyu demanded. \"It was given to me by someone you should hope you never meet. Where they got it… well I suppose it's anyone's guess.\" Chember replied, licking his angular teeth. \"Volrac?\" Chember shook his head. \"You Plains people. You can only see what's right in front of you. These matters are beyond a savage like you.\" Atreyu ignored Chember's insults, his concern centered on the sword. \"Where are you keeping him?\" \"Do you not hear what I'm saying?\" Chember shrieked. \"This is bigger than you can grasp! I don't know where your mangy pet is because even I, Chember the Butcher who spread panic and fear all across Fantasia am nothing more than a piece on the board. You and I, we're nothing but a couple of pawns in a game of chess between them and the Childlike Empress.\" He narrowed his red and yellow eyes and his mouth stretched in the slimiest of smiles Adair had ever seen. \"And I'll tell you something, your Empress is losing.\" At that, Atreyu threw down his bow and drew his sword. With his teeth bared he rushed Chember, but the villain simply moved to the side and held out his foot. Atreyu's legs were hooked by Chember's boot and he fell face first onto the ground. Adair gasped. Atreyu was a practiced fighter and as graceful on his feet as a professional athlete. She would never have been able to picture him being tripped. Chember laughed as he turned to kick Atreyu in the ribs. \"This thing really is amazing. How do you like the taste of dirt Atreyu?\" Cruelly, the blackguard grabbed Atreyu by his hair and forced his face down. \"Get a good fill. This is what you forced me to after you disgraced me the last time we met. And let's not forget all those years you wiped your grubby little nose all over my reputation.\" Grabbing Atreyu by the waist and keeping a firm hold on his hair, Chember lifted him up, driving a knee into his stomach and then throwing him back on the ground. \"You wouldn't believe how hard it is to be taken seriously when you're thwarted by a child every time you try to burn a city down. Your luck saved you in the past, but as you can see,\" he held up the black and red sword. \"My luck is changing.\" Then Adair rushed him, not fully knowing what she was going to do. She threw herself headlong into him, throwing her arms around him to tackle him. Colliding with him was like slamming head first into a solid oak. Her head spun. She could not muster enough force in her little body to tackle the man, and found herself thrown to the ground as well. Chember lifted the sword in front of his face. \"Oh dear me, where are my manners? Were you feeling left out?\" She couldn't move, couldn't get to her feet, couldn't even think as he swung the sword downward. She could hear Atreyu cry out from what sounded like far away. She saw the glint of the sword as he brought it down, sure to end her life. Then there was a flash of orange and Chember was knocked off balance as a snapdragon clamped its jaws onto his arm. He cried out in pain and sent a fist into its face. Then with his arm free, he swung the blade. \"NO!\" Adair cried, but it was too late. She felt as though her heart would sink into her stomach as her eyes met the baby blue ones of the creature that had saved her. It made a pitiful sound as it fell. This was the snapdragon that had invited her to play only minutes ago. She fell to her knees and inched her way forward to rest her hand on its bright orange fur. Its giant head heaved with short ragged breaths. In a low whining voice it opened its mouth and said, \"This was fun. Let's play again sometime.\" Then the light went out of its baby blue eyes forever. Adair felt something stir in her as the life left the snapdragon, her snapdragon. She felt as if a piece of herself had been cut away. These snapdragons were a special part of Fantasia for her, a part that she had wished for. And now Chember had killed one. She didn't know just then if it had always been there, or if she had wished for something to strike him with, but suddenly there was a stick in her hand and she was swinging it at him. Her slight body was filled with so much rage that Chember could scarcely avoid her wild swings. She was unpracticed and uncoordinated in her attacks, but she was throwing all of her force into each swing. Chember laughed as he backed away from her. He dodged the first couple of Adair's swings, but the worst part was that each time she managed to connect the stick with his face he only laughed harder. Finally he lifted his sword. Adair's wooden weapon was cleaved neatly in half. \"You've got plenty of fight in you yet. This is going to be fun.\" Chember crooned with a disgusting smile as he advanced on her. With nothing left to fight with, Adair was easily pushed over and all she could do was glare up at him, scooting back as he came closer and closer. \"Come on dearie, how about a scream for me. Please?\" Atreyu was just coming too when Adair had been pushed. Chember's luck had allowed him to knock the young plains warrior out for a moment, but he opened his eyes in time to see Chember advancing on Adair. He pushed himself up onto his arms, but before he could call on his leg he felt something slam into the small of his back and force him back to the ground. His nostrils filled with the sickly sweet stench of charred flesh and hair. He looked up to see Chember's demonic mount leering down at him with its cold unfeeling eyes. It bared its fangs at him, lowering its head closer to him. The snapdragons had injured it with their fire, but now it just seemed more feral than ever. Atreyu flailed his arms desperately to reach his sword where it had been thrown from his grasp, but found it just out of reach. Chember's devilish luck seemed to be holding out even though he wasn't focused on Atreyu. Meanwhile, Adair stared defiantly back at Chember, knowing there was nothing more she could do. In the back of her mind she remembered the first time she had read about Atreyu in a situation like this; outnumbered, unarmed, and with no hope of escape. She decided she would face the end the same way he had. She would not give her killer the satisfaction of seeing her scream or beg. She would curse him with her eyes until the end. \"Really?\" Chember frowned in disappointment. \"Not even a plea for mercy, Missy? That's a real shame.\" Once more, Chember lifted the sword above his head. \"Ah well, I guess my lucky streak couldn't hold out forever.\" \" No, no, no!\" Jason shook his head fiercely. Adair was giving up and there was no one around that could save her this time. His best friend was about to die and there was nothing he could do about it. Wait a minute, he thought. There had to be something she could do. She had AURYN. That should have made her nearly invincible. But what could she wish for that would save her? He had to think quickly. Time was running out. Then an idea struck him. He lifted the book and shouted. \" Adair! ADAIR! Wish for me!\" A voice suddenly rang out through the meadow that everyone heard. \"Adair! ADAIR! Wish for me!\" Chember looked all around him, trying to find where the voice was coming from. \"What the devil is that?\" But Adair recognized that voice. \"Jason?\" she said to herself. \"Are you reading the book?\" Again the voice called out to her. \"Adair! Use AURYN and wish for me!\" \"Jason I can't!\" she called back. \"You'll be killed!\" Chember looked at her as if she'd gone mad. \"What are you playing at Missy?\" But still the voice only grew louder. \"Adair Alicia Artemis, you wish for me to come to your rescue right now!\" Chember only shook his head. \"Alright, enough games.\" He lifted the sword again. Adair closed her eyes, and without thinking she felt her hand grasp AURYN. The book began to glow in Jason's hands, but he didn't see it. All he could focus on was reaching Adair. But someone did notice the book beginning to glow because she had seen it before. And this time she did not jump back in surprise as she had before. This time, she fastened her little claws as tightly as she could onto Jason's sleeve. The light grew brighter and brighter until it filled the whole room. And when it cleared the room was empty and the book lay open on the bed where Jason had been reading. A blinding light filled the clearing and Chember cried out in alarm as he staggered back. The cries of the snapdragons filled the whole meadow and soon they were scurrying this way and that, setting fire to the grass at random. Atreyu felt the wolf suddenly fall to its side and heard it whimpering. Arian was standing over him, rearing back on his hind legs to throw his hoofs into the gorgon hound. Wasting no time, Atreyu rolled to his sword, snatched it up and leaped to his feet. He looked to the demon and found that Arian had managed to push it back and that the snapdragons had regrouped. As one pack they latched their jaws onto it. He heard it howl in pain as they dragged it down, but didn't stay to watch as they tore it limb from limb. He had to get to Adair But the light prevented him from seeing where she was and now they were all lost in a haze of fire and smoke. Adair felt a hand take firm hold on her arm. \"Are you alright?\" she heard him say. It was Jason. She had wished for him to come. She let him pull her to her feet. \"I'm fine.\" Her eyes met his and she felt a rush of comfort and familiarity that pushed out any doubt that her friend had come to Fantasia. Her eyes widened as she looked past him over his shoulder. \"Look out!\" She pulled him away just as Chember swung his blade for the two of them. It missed Jason by less than an inch. Chember grinned with eyes full of bloodlust, not at all concerned by the new arrival, or by the meadow now completely ablaze around them. In fact he seemed more gleeful than ever at the chaos. The flames that danced around them cast the most nightmarish shadows over his pale face. \"Now it's a party! Two humans in one day? What were the odds?\" he laughed maniacally and raised his blade to kiss it with his blistered lips. \"My lovely companion, is there anything you can't do?\" Jason pushed Adair behind him as the monster resumed his attack. He wanted to take Adair and run, but with their backs against the fire there was nowhere for them to go. Chember thrust the sword to run its blade through both of them at the same time. The smoke in the air and the heat of the flames made Jason and Adair too dizzy to see what happened next. But Chember saw it; a huge black shape leaped from the flames behind his prey. It came between the path of his victims and his sword. Chember staggered back. Where he had expected his blade to meet soft flesh, it instead bounced off and he heard a metallic clang. The smoke was choking his vision. Whatever was in front of him was smaller than him, but he could see razor claws on its fingertips. The flames danced over its powerful arms and he could see that they were covered in gleaming white scales. Its eyes penetrated the haze. They were crystal blue. A new sensation gripped Chember's chest as his red and yellow eyes met the sky blue ones of his new enemy. Those eyes carried so much weight in them, like the force of gravity they were immovable, and like the fires around them they were fierce. Chember knew what this feeling was, but had never felt it himself, and that made it all the worse. It was fear. His hand trembled around the hilt of his sword. He pointed it at the mysterious adversary, but they made no move. \"What are you?\" he rasped. But they said nothing. His breathing grew rapid as panic set in. He cried out in terror and swung the sword at it. It raised its scaled arm to block and once more Chember felt it connect as solid as steel. Then his opponent lunged forward and with its other arm rammed its palm into Chember's wrist. He heard a sickening crack and knew his wrist was broken. His sword flew from his grasp and he shrieked in pain and horror. But the creature did not miss a stride. Before he could even think of running, it rammed its palm into his shoulder and forced him to spin his back to it. He went cold all over as he felt those razor claws fasten around his head. With a fierce twist it was all over. Chember fell to the ground, his neck snapped. His red and yellow eyes would be the nightmare of Fantasian children no longer. Jason watched Chember fall and his mouth fell open in alarm. His feet were rooted to the spot. But this was all missed by Adair. The smoke choked her lungs and her heart was beating too fast. The world began to spin and then it went black. She didn't see the black shape turn towards them. She didn't notice as she was lifted up and whisked away from the burning clearing. The first thing she became aware of was a steady clip-clop. Her head was still spinning so she didn't realize that it was Arian's impatient hoof beats. Her eyes fluttered open slowly. She could see two blurred shapes looking down on her. As they grew clearer she recognized them as faces. Then when her vision finally came back she could see Atreyu's dark eyes, and Jason's blue ones behind his glasses staring down at her. Both gazes looked filled with a mix of concern and relief. Atreyu sighed gratefully and she felt herself embraced tightly by Jason. \"You're alright.\" Jason whispered as if to reassure himself rather than her. \"You're alright.\" She struggled weakly out of his grip and he released her. She took in their new surroundings. They weren't in the clearing anymore. They looked like they were at the edge of a forest. She could smell smoke, but the smell of meat that accompanied it told her it wasn't from the inferno they had left behind. It smelled more like a campfire. She fired off each question that buzzed into her head. \"Where are we? How long have I been out? Where's Chember? What happened to the snapdragons?\" \"We're safe.\" Atreyu answered. \"You've been asleep for a few hours. The meadow burned down and the snapdragons fled. They'll be alright. Chember's…\" the boy seemed to struggle to find the right words. \"He's not going to be a problem anymore.\" The meaning behind that statement sank in slowly for her. \"You mean he's dead? How?\" The last she remembered, the Butcher had nearly skewered both her and Jason and Atreyu had been cut off by the fire. How had they escaped? \"Finally awake I see.\" Came a voice Adair didn't recognize. She bolted upright in surprise and saw the campfire she had guessed at earlier. Sitting next to it was a strange looking woman whose age she couldn't guess at. She wore a cropped navy blue T-Shirt with white rimming the sleeves, and black skinny jeans tucked into a pair blue hi-tops with white laces that reached the middle of her calves. Her long black hair was pulled back in a ponytail that reached the middle of her back and was held in place by a distinctive hairclip with a silver moon and sun set into it. She would have looked human if it hadn't been for the pointed leaf shaped ears that stuck out from either side of her head. She looked about eighteen in her face and in part because of the way she was dressed, but the way she held herself and the knowing look in her eye made her seem much older. In a way she reminded Adair of Mr. Bux, the old man from the bookshop. \"Who are you?\" Adair asked warily. The stranger sighed. \"Oh come on Adair. Don't you recognize me?\" Then she turned her head and met Adair's eyes for the first time. Adair felt her heart hammer in her chest. The woman's eyes were an unmistakable shade of sky blue. \"Iole?\"[Chapter 11] Chapter 10: The Seekers Jabbering gaggles of demons with glowing red eyes locked up in cages hanging from the ceiling were silenced at once and cowered in their small containers at the howls that were echoing throughout the darkened castle. This fortress was no stranger to cries of pain, but this wasn't one of those. Instead the howling was more akin to the tantrum of a child that wasn't getting his way. \"No, no, NO! I will not accept this!\" Thoth cursed for the hundredth time. \"The terms of the wager were outlined quite clearly.\" Fay said smugly, looking up from the book in her lap. \"Indeed they were.\" Thoth replied, folding his hands behind his back. \"We took sides on a wager between two opposing forces; luck magic, and your 'strongest magic'. We pitted subjects A and B, your strongest magic experiment, against subject C a luck magic user to see which magic was stronger.\" \"And subject C was eliminated.\" Thoth rounded on her. \"By a variable!\" \"Correct. The same variable I observed before; the one that was touched by the strongest magic.\" \"Don't you dare attribute subject C's failure to that one. You know which variable I'm talking about.\" \"The variable was summoned here by Adair's wish.\" Fay explained. \"And nothing but the strongest magic could have prompted a wish so powerful as to cross the boundaries between worlds.\" \"I'm not talking about the boy! We both know who really eliminated subject C, and we both know it is as capable of your so called strongest magic as you or I.\" Fay returned her gaze to the book for a moment. \"Your argument is valid.\" Thoth breathed a sigh of relief. \"So the wager is a draw.\" Thoth clenched his bony fingers. \"But your strongest magic didn't prevail!\" \"It wasn't conquered either.\" The two locked eyes for a moment, his muddy brown and determined, hers icy blue and arrogant. It was a contest of wills and he knew there was no way he could win this one, not without the proper logic to back it up. He relented with a sigh and pushed his glasses higher onto his face. \"Nag is never getting that tick bath.\" The two were stopped from further banter by a great commotion that sounded like it was coming from the next chamber. The two went at their leisure to investigate. They never really hurried anywhere. Unlike their associate Nag, Thoth and Fay were not impulsive creatures. As it turned out, their higher strung companion was the cause of this disturbance. They found it in its private chamber, and as usual it had made a downright mess of it. But there was a reason for it this time. Nag scaled the stone walls with the ease of a spider, retrieving objects from high shelves and then leaping down to the ground to stuff them frantically in an old beaten footlocker. It seemed bent on cramming its every last belonging into it, muttering frenzied sentence fragments to itself all the while. \"Can't leave anything behind.\" Nag muttered. \"Never coming here again. Can't take any chances.\" Thoth's eyes lingered for only a moment on the objects strewn across the floor. Nag's pursuits were its own, and Thoth found them, for the most part, rather distasteful. \"Nag,\" he interrupted the creature's agenda. \"What are you doing?\" Nag looked up, stopping in the middle of scurrying along the floor on all fours with some kind of leash in its mouth. \"Isn't it obvious?\" it asked, dropping the leash. \"I'm packing.\" \"Packing for what?\" \"You heard what Fay said! She's here!\" Fay stepped gingerly over the clutter. \"I believe Nag is referring to Iole.\" \"Well are you surprised?\" Thoth asked. \"We knew it was only a matter of time before she found out how to cross the boundary. It's what she does.\" \"It's one thing she does.\" Nag grimaced. \"The other thing she does is hunt black magic practitioners like us! And now that she's here she'll hunt us to the ends of Fantasia. The only way to keep that from happening is to just leave Fantasia.\" \"Leave Fantasia?\" Thoth said as though it was the most preposterous thing he'd ever heard. \"What nonsense is this?\" \"It's not nonsense, it's perfect sense. You remember Aluminaria? That was the last time your game with Fay let her catch up to us, and after we left I spent the next four weeks stitching my arm back on. I am not going to be that dragon's snack so you and Fay can prove a point. I'm not like you two. I don't care for big scientific breakthroughs like you, and I don't need to find out how far you can push someone until they turn on their family and friends like Fay. The only thing I need to make me happy is fine food, fine drink, and a living subjugate or two, all of which I can find in the next world we go to.\" Thoth shook his head. \"Nag, my dear Nag, do you hear what you're saying? This isn't just some other world we've stumbled into. It's the realm of human fantasy, the world where every dream and desire becomes reality.\" Nag narrowed its eerie red eyes. \"Yeah, the world of human fantasy. Earthling human fantasy. We're not from earth, and are you so certain we can even be called human anymore?\" \"Be that as it may, look at what we've accomplished in these ten short years. We've carved ourselves our own niche in the dreams of humankind. We've learned this world's ins and outs. We know all of its natural laws and how to bend them to fit our desires. The white dragon just found her way into this world. We have a decade of experience on her here. This is a whole new game even for her.\" \"If we're going to continue the experiment, we simply need to find a way around her.\" Fay added. Thoth turned to her with an unpleasant grin. \"Am I to trust you already have one in mind?\" Fay nodded. \"Even the white dragon has rules she must follow. The solution is simple. We insert a new factor that she can't fight.\" Nag's furry blue ears perked up. \"But everyone in Volrac's forces has made a contract with us.\" \"Not everyone.\" Fay reminded. Thoth nodded as a look of understanding dawned on his face. \"Ah, you mean them.\" \"I still can't get over it.\" Jason said again, casting his eyes about their surroundings. \"Everything here is exactly how I pictured it while I was reading, only... I don't know, better.\" His eyes lingered on Atreyu for a moment. \"Well most of it anyway.\" Adair wondered briefly what that was about, but she dismissed it. After all she'd been through in Fantasia, she was sure nothing could surprise her anymore. But another look at the strange woman who was sitting by herself just outside their camp reminded her she was wrong. That woman could not be her cat. But she hadn't gotten the chance to ask her anything. After she'd woken up, the woman who claimed to be Iole had gone to sit by herself and stare at nothing. When they tried to talk to her she'd simply shake her head or nod. Not sure what to do, they'd set up camp for the night. Atreyu had foraged for food, but hadn't found anything besides a few rabbits. They were currently roasting over the fire pit, and though the idea had repulsed her at first, the smell of cooked meat had reminded Adair how hungry she was. \"So when did you start reading the book?\" Adair asked. \"When I came to your house and found you gone.\" Jason answered. \"I've been at the bookshop reading about you ever since. Then when I saw you were about to get yourself killed I called out to you to wish for me. I guess it worked.\" A thought occurred to Adair then. \"How long has it been since I came here? In our world I mean. I've been in Fantasia for two weeks now I think.\" \"Yeah I know.\" Jason said somewhat sourly. \"It's been three days since I sent you to the bookshop.\" \"Three days? That's it?\" \"That's it?\" Jason said incredulously. \"Do you have any idea how worried we've all been?\" \"We?\" Adair asked. \"Rosemary is totally freaking out.\" \"Really?\" of that, Adair was highly skeptical. \"What did you tell her?\" Jason looked embarrassed. \"Well... I tried to tell her what happened.\" \"Let me guess, she didn't believe you.\" The dejected look on his face told her she was right. \"She really is worried about you.\" Adair shrugged. \"Whatever.\" They were silent for awhile. Atreyu spoke in an attempt to break the tension. \"So you're Adair's friend from the Human World?\" he asked Jason innocently. \"No I'm her best friend from the human world.\" There was a sharpness in Jason't voice that Atreyu didn't quite understand. \"Adair, why did you never tell me?\" For reasons she didn't understand, Adair felt her face grow hot. \"You never asked.\" Jason snorted and looked away. \"So any ideas on her yet?\" he indicated Iole and spoke in a low voice. \"No idea.\" Adair replied. \"You said she was with you the whole time you were reading?\" \"I couldn't get rid of her. I had a feeling she was reading with me, but then I thought of how crazy that was. Guess I was right.\" \"Well if Iole can read, or can turn herself into a human...\" Adair glanced back at Iole who remained staring off into space. \"or elf or whatever, then she's been keeping a lot of secrets. Atreyu, have you heard of anything like this in Fantasia?\" \"Anything is possible in Fantasia.\" he answered solemnly. Jason rolled his eyes. \"Profound, really. Any other sage advice for us, oh wise one?\" Again Atreyu was confused by Jason's apparent hostility. They sat in silence for awhile longer. Then at the sound of a soft chuckle their heads snapped to where Iole was sitting. \"That's long enough. She had to have gotten bored by now.\" the strange woman said to herself. Then she turned her sky blue eyes to the other three. \"I imagine you have questions. Well now that we're not being watched I can answer them. Go right ahead.\" Adair didn't know where to start, so she began with the most obvious. \"Are you really my cat Iole?\" Iole chuckled again and shook her head. \"I am the Iole you've known, but I'm not exactly a cat. That was just the form I took when I was with you.\" \"Then what are you?\" At this Iole seemed to hesitate. Her eyes said she wasn't sure how to answer. \"Well I guess you could call me a Dragon.\" In a flash, Atreyu notched an arrow to his bowstring. Jason and Adair looked to him in alarm as he held its tip level with Iole's head. \"The only dragons I've heard of in Fantasia are luckdragons, and the evil dragons that live in caves and swallow travelers whole.\" Despite the lethal weapon of a practiced archer being pointed at her head, Iole seemed little more than amused. \"And tell me young plainsmen, what would you do if I were one of these evil dragons?\" Adair screamed as Atreyu's arrow whistled through the air. But before she could blink, the arrow stopped. Iole held it in her bare hand. Its tip was no more than an inch from her nose. But she was still smiling. \"I like you kid.\" she tossed the arrow back to him. \"You don't waste time. And lucky for you I'm not from Fantasia.\" \"Then where are you from?\" Atreyu demanded. Iole sighed. \"I'm going to try to make this as simple as I can, but it's still a long story so settle in.\" She got up from where she'd been sitting and joined them at the campfire. She sat down and crossed her legs. Her eyes lingered over the spitted rabbits. \"Are those done yet?\" Atreyu gave her a puzzled look. \"Not exactly.\" She leaned forward and sniffed the first one (the fattest). \"Close enough.\" Without another word she reached into the fire and snatched the partly cooked rabbit off the spit and took a fierce bite out of it. They didn't know whether to be impressed or disgusted. She hadn't flinched at the heat of the fire, and was tearing the meat apart with her teeth like a wolf. She looked up and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. \"Sorry, I've always had a weakness for meat. Anyway, back to what I was saying. So you three are already pretty open to the concept of other worlds right?\" She looked to each one as if expecting them to answer. When they didn't she continued anyway. \"Well there are worlds even beyond Earth and Fantasia, and each world is filled with different people that are learning and growing throughout their lives just like you do here. Mostly you're supposed to learn how to choose between good and evil for the betterment of your kind and all that other mumbo-jumbo. The world of Dragons is the oldest one. It completed its round of creation a long time ago, and now my kind has other jobs.\" Jason creased his brows together. \"What kind of jobs?\" \"Well some of us blend into other worlds and help it along. They become teachers, helpful strangers, that sort of thing.\" \"Like magical hermits?\" Jason asked. Iole shook her head. \"Sure we'll go with that.\" \"But what about you?\" Adair asked. \"You just posed as my cat for ten years.\" Iole got a mischievous glint in her blue eyes. \"I'm different. I'm a white dragon.\" she said as though that would clear everything up. \"And what do white dragons do?\" Iole took another savage bite into the rabbit's side. \"Wish I had some seasoning for these legs. They're the juiciest part you know.\" she looked back at Adair and smiled. The girl's anxiety was plain on her face. \"You see every world has rules and natural laws, and they're all at different points of progress. Because of this, world diving is forbidden to most.\" \"World diving?\" Jason asked. The look on Iole's face made it plain she did not appreciate his interruptions. \"Traveling between different worlds.\" She explained. \"Too much contact between worlds before they're ready really throws off the balance. Try and imagine someone from a world full of magic coming to another world where no one believes in it. The result is complete chaos!\" She took another bite of meat. \"Anyway, the problem is more common than most realize. Dragons can dive between worlds freely, because that's our job. Others are special cases that are granted special permission like here for instance. Humans of Earth have always found ways into Fantasia because the two worlds depend on each other. But then there are others, evil beings who dive between worlds for personal gain. Some powerful black magic users can learn the technique or are taught it. Because most of them sell their souls for dark powers we call them Witches. And these Witches cause distortions in whatever poor world they travel to.\" Distortions. Adair and Atreyu exchanged a look as Princess Gaya's words came back to them. This didn't go unnoticed by Jason. \"Hey didn't that dark princess tell you guys about a distortion that was causing all the problems in Fantasia?\" The other two looked at him in surprise. \"What? I told you I was reading the book.\" \"I know, but it's still a little creepy.\" Adair admitted. Atreyu returned his attention to Iole. \"The Dark Princess of Spook City told us that Volrac was given evil powers by something called the distortion. Could she have been talking about one of these Witches you mentioned?\" \"Three actually.\" Iole's answer was a blunt one. \"You know who they are?\" \"I should hope so. I've been hunting them for a long time. That's what White Dragons do.\" Jason nodded thoughtfully. \"So White Dragons are like extra-planar police?\" \"It's a better analogy than your last one. Anyway these particular Witches I've been hunting are especially notorious. I'm one of the best the White Dragons have, and they've escaped me for decades now.\" \"What can you tell us about them?\" Atreyu asked eagerly. \"They're high-level servants of a powerful evil. They're called the Circle of the Night. Another name for them is The Seekers. But for all their power and experience, at their core they're just a trio of bullheaded teenagers messing with things they don't understand.\" \"Why do you call them The Seekers?\" Iole sighed and set her meal down next to her. \"Jason, make yourself useful and get me my bag.\" she indicated a messenger bag she'd left lying against the rock she'd been sitting on. With a little hesitation, Jason did as she asked. The desire to learn more about their situation trumped his resentment of being told what to do. Even though her form was different, she was still the insufferable feline that had stolen his car keys just for the fun of it. She snatched the bag away from him and began to rummage through it unceremoniously. \"Where is it? That's not it, that's not it, nope, no, no,\" she muttered to herself as she pulled various items out of her mysterious satchel, among which were a brass leaf pin, a small circular mirror the size of a palm with no handle, a tattered gray scarf, a little black book with a label on the front that said \"DO NOT TOUCH\", and a random assortment of maps. \"Here it is!\" She pulled out a leather bound notebook fastened shut with a clasp. She unfastened it and opened it to a certain page, turning it so they could see. On it was a rather unimpressive sketch of three people; a young man with glasses and messy hair, a girl with black hair and a cat's tail, and a thing in the middle that looked like some kind of blue fox-person. But their proportions were all off. Their heads were freakishly round and much bigger than their bodies, and their limbs looked like the arms and legs you would find on Raggedy-Ann-an-Andy dolls. \"Here you have the face of evil.\" Jason frowned. \"You mean those chibis you doodled?\" Iole glowered at him. \"These aren't just sketches. They're my case files.\" \"But they're chibis.\" \"I'm not the best artist okay! Chibis are all I can draw! They used to be stick figures!\" She exhaled slowly and pointed. \"This is a sketch of the Witches I was telling you about, the ones that are infecting Fantasia. Once upon a time they were just three children probably the same age as any of you. But they each had dark twisted hearts. They were hungry for power and that led them to black magic. Eventually they sold their souls and gained dangerous dark powers. No one remembers who they were before that, probably not even them. And they've been wreaking havoc from world to world ever since. The first here is Nag, the Seeker of Life.\" She pointed to the blue fox-person. \"Not terribly complicated. Nag is incredibly greedy and likes to use its powers to get the 'finer things in life'; food, drink, money, anything it can get its grubby paws on. It let the other two experiment on it and turn it into some kind of creature. That's what they do. They take whatever they please and twist it into something dark and unnatural just to see if they can.\" She pointed next to the young man with glasses. \"Then we have Thoth, the Seeker of Truth. He's driven to understand anything and everything. His hunger for knowledge has led him to several experiments that are completely void of morals. He's tested his theories on scores of living creatures without a single care.\" Next she pointed to the girl. \"And lastly we have Fay, the Seeker of Love. She's a cold and twisted Witch, and for some reason she's always been obsessed with matters of the heart. She believes that love is the most powerful magic there is, but she's never felt it herself so she doesn't understand it. She's searched for years hoping to find a way to use it for power, and she's hurt a lot of people to get it. Now one thing these three have in common aside from being total psychopaths is this; they love games. They love outsmarting each other, and proving they're more clever than everyone else. So each time they travel to a new world they start a new experiment. They each take different sides of it trying to prove a point and make it into a game. And this time their game board is Fantasia. That's why I'm here, to hunt them down before they cause any more damage. Any questions?\" Adair had remained silent and unmoving the entire time. Horrible artistry aside, she had recognized the descriptions at once. These were the three she had met at the Ivory Tower. She hadn't spoken of that meeting to Atreyu for obvious reasons, but they had never been far from her mind. That meeting had carried so many implications. They'd claimed not only to be the ones that had brought her here, but also the only ones capable of getting her home. But she had never guessed they could have been the ones behind all of her troubles. \"That power... world diving?\" she asked. \"Did they give that to Volrac?\" Iole nodded. \"From what I've gathered, this Volrac character made a contract with them. Making a deal with a Witch can give someone dark powers. But there's benefits for the Witches too. For one it adds to their power. But I think the Seekers had another reason for making a deal with Volrac. Sometimes a world's magic is so powerful that when someone like the Circle of the Night dives in to mess it up, the world itself can just expel them. Fantasia is a world of dreams. It's one of the most powerful worlds there is. But if the Seekers can make a deal with someone from that world, that poor soul's will would tether them here. In return for his help, they give him all the power he could ask for.\" \"Like the demons.\" Atreyu said. \"Summoning demons is one of the first things a Witch learns. Demons are evil beings that don't have a world of their own. They feed on the darkness between worlds. Evil allows them to enter a world and become real. If someone's heart is dark enough they can summon a demon to their world. The greater the evil in the world, the more demons can be called into it.\" \"Fantasia is the world of human dreams.\" Jason said with realization. \"Think of how many humans have evil dreams! The Seekers could use all that evil to summon-\" \"An army.\" Iole said, confirming his fears. \"And they've been teaching Volrac and everyone who follows him how to control them.\" \"For what?\" Jason asked. \"We know what Volrac gets out of it. He wants to take over Fantasia. But why should they care? What's in it for them?\" \"It's like I said, they're making Fantasia play their game. Volrac may think they're his loyal servants, but to them he's just a piece on their game board. I'm sure they have their reasons for supporting him, but as soon as it's in their best interests they'll turn on him. A deal with a Witch always has grave consequences.\" Perhaps she was being paranoid, but Adair could swear that Iole looked right at her when she said that. She had been reading the book with Jason. Did she know about the run-in she'd had with the Circle of the Night? And if she did, did she also know about the ring she still wore? Did Jason know too? The thought made her cringe. What if they told Atreyu she was still holding onto it? Would he think she'd betrayed him? She looked to Atreyu who wasn't looking at her. Instead he was looking contemplative at the ground. \"So now we know what we're fighting, but we're still no closer to saving Fantasia than we were before. And Falkor is...\" She caught him bite his lip. \"Chember said those Witches had Falkor. They must have made that sword for him. It had his fur on it.\" \"You mean your Luckdragon?\" Iole asked. Atreyu only nodded. \"That's perfect!\" she cried gleefully. All three looked to her like she'd just lost her mind. She didn't pay their looks any attention. She just returned to rifling through the things in her bag. She reached in once more and pulled out something they all recognized; the red and black sword that Chember had attacked them with, the one with Falkor's fur tied to the pommel. \"Where did you get that?\" Atreyu cried. \"And how did it fit?\" Adair asked, looking curiously at the small messenger bag. Now that she though about it, the things Iole had pulled out of the satchel altogether should not have fit inside it. It must have been enchanted or something. \"I could smell magic all over it.\" Iole explained. \"I snatched it up just in case. Looks like I made the right call. This is your Luckdragon's fur?\" He nodded. \"He also said some of Falkor's luck magic was inside it.\" \"Even better. I'll be able to track him through this. If what you're telling me is true, then I can find Nag, Thoth, and Fay there too.\" \"So when do we leave?\" Atreyu asked. \"We?\" Iole laughed. \"No way kid. No offense, but these guys are way out of your league.\" \"You mean you plan to leave us?\" \"It sounds harsh when you put it that way, but yes.\" The boy narrowed his dark eyes. \"You can't! We didn't come this far in our quest just so you could take it away from us!\" Iole rolled her eyes. \"Look, I admire your bravery and all, but at the end of the day I've got a job to do, and three kids would just slow me down.\" She got to her feet and dusted herself off. \"Hold on.\" Atreyu stood up and planted himself in front of her. \"You said your job tells you to respect the natural laws of whatever world you travel to.\" Iole turned her sky blue eyes on him. She was only a little taller than him, but something about the way Iole carried herself made her seem a far heavier presence than her slight frame would have led one to believe, especially when she centered her eyes on you. Atreyu felt a strange weight come down on him, as if the universe had suddenly turned its attention on him as well. But he still held his ground. Dragon or not, Atreyu was still a warrior and Iole was going to listen to him. \"The most important law that holds Fantasia together is that whatever human comes here must see their journey through to the end. Without their help, Fantasia cannot thrive. And if Adair doesn't take what she learns back to the human world, then neither world can grow.\" \"So you're saying that if I didn't let you three come along, I'd be stopping Adair's journey.\" Iole mused. \"If I remember right, a human in Fantasia has to go 'the way of wishes'. Is that right?\" \"Right. Adair wished to find Falkor. Right after that, you came to Fantasia, and you say you can lead us right to him.\" Iole gave him a wry smile. \"Adair wished for a way to find Falkor. But now that she knows where he is, and who's holding him prisoner, does she still wish to go?\" Atreyu was silent. The two of them looked back at her. \"Well?\" Iole addressed her. \"Do you want to go rescue Falkor, or would you rather leave it to me?\" Now it was Adair's turn to feel the weight of Iole's gaze. Still sitting down by the fire, she felt very small. But she managed a soft \"Yes.\" Iole raised an eyebrow at her. \"Really? Miss 'keep-my-head-down-until-graduation, stay-invisible-til-I-move-out, you want to go headlong into danger? Keep in mind the Seekers are more dangerous than anything you've seen so far and I might not be able to protect you.\" Adair sucked in her breath and got to her feet, trying to make herself taller than she felt. The idea of seeing those twisted three again frightened her, but she knew they needed to go. Atreyu needed his friend back, and she needed answers. Atreyu was right. Nothing would be resolved if she bowed out now. \"Yes.\" she answered more firmly. \"I want to go rescue Falkor.\" Iole looked taken aback. \"Well how do you like that. Looks like the kid was right. Fantasia does look good on you.\" She lifted her eyes to Jason who was behind Adair. \"What about you beansprout?\" Jason was on his feet in an instant \"Is that a question? Of course I'm coming!\" Iole sighed. \"To be seventeen again. Alright we'll take off in the morning. You'll need plenty of rest. When I fly, I'm not as nice as Falkor.\" \" Jason?\" Bastian called, letting himself into the small bedroom. \"Dinner's ready.\" However when he entered he was met only by the familiar copper silk-bound book lying open on the bed. As strange as it sounds, Bastian was only a little surprised. Although, to any who knew the man well, that wouldn't be a surprise at all. Nostalgia crept over him as he lifted the book in his fingers and let his eyes glide over the green text. \" Are you two coming down?!\" he heard his wife call. \"It's going to get cold!\" \" Be there in a moment dear.\" Bastian called back. \"Slight change of plans, it doesn't look like Jason will be joining us tonight after all.\" The steady chirping of crickets was everywhere, and the moon was high in the sky. The fire had begun to die down. They'd all gone to sleep right after Iole had told them her intention to set out tomorrow. It had been strange for Adair to be ordered to bed. It made her feel like Aunt Rosemary had come to Fantasia instead of her beloved cat. She still didn't know how to feel about the change. Iole had been a dragon the entire time. For ten years a dragon had slept in her bed and prowled her house. And all to chase these three Witches to Fantasia. That was the second time she had learned of a connection she had to Fantasia that she hadn't known about before. All the confusion and anxiety that came from these thoughts was the reason Adair was still awake. \"What do you think you're doing?\" Adair jumped when she heard Iole's voice, but she remained motionless so she could hear what was happening. \"Owe, let go.\" It was Jason speaking in a hushed voice. \"Not until you tell me what you were planning to do with that sword.\" Adair tensed. What sword was Iole talking about? \"Oh come on, he's dead. He's not going to use it.\" She had to bite her lip because now she was really anxious. What did Jason want with Chember's sword? \"And that entitles you to it?\" \"Come on, you told Atreyu you'd teach him how to kill demons. I want to know how to fight too.\" There was silence for a moment until at last Iole answered \"No.\" She didn't know why, but Adair felt a sense of relief at her refusal. \"Why not?\" She answered his question with another question. \"Let me ask you this. Why do you want to know?\" Jason didn't sound like he had an answer at first, so Iole prodded further. \"You forget I know you almost as well as I know Adair. You think that if I let you have this sword and teach you how to use it, that will make you some kind of hero.\" Adair agreed with Iole in her head. Ever since they'd been kids, Jason had talked about having an adventure like this. He'd never admit it to her, but she knew he still played Dungeons & Dragons on the weekends when he wasn't with her, and his house was full of books and anime about Fantasy. \"But someone who fights without a reason is no hero at all. Unless you have a true reason to pick up that sword, fighting will just make you empty. So I'll ask you again. Why do you want that sword?\" There was silence again, and Adair wondered if Jason didn't have a reason after all. But Iole's response proved her wrong. \"I thought so.\" Adair didn't know, but Jason had actually looked at her instead of answering. \"Alright, if that's the case I'll teach you how to fight. But there's two conditions. The first; that sword was made from pieces of Falkor. I don't know how Atreyu would feel about you using it.\" \"I don't care about that. I think Falkor would rather let me have it then Chember.\" \"But he's not here. So unless Atreyu is okay with it you can't have it.\" Jason huffed, but he didn't argue further. \"Fine, what's the second one?\" \"The second, I don't ever want you to pick up that sword unless it's to protect her. Deal?\" \"Deal.\" he answered without hesitating. To protect me? Adair thought. She didn't like the idea of Jason putting himself in danger for her. But whether she liked it or not, they were all in danger here. And things were only going to be more dangerous from here on out. Atreyu had already thrown himself in harm's way protecting her. Now Jason was going to do the same, and she knew she wouldn't be able to talk him out of it. He'd been there for her since they were children against bullies, life problems, and even Aunt Rosemary's wrath. Now he was going to fight off monsters for her? It made her feel so powerless. It's not like she could learn how to use a sword or shoot a bow. I wish there was something I could do to protect them. She thought. It wouldn't occur to her until later, but Adair had just made another wish. A/N: Fantasia is home to many witches like Shadeseeker as well as fantastic creatures, heroes, and other dreams of mankind. However these differ from world diving kind that Iole hunts. So to differentiate between the two, the latter kind will be spelled with a capital W.[Chapter 12] A/N: I apologize again for how long it's taken me to update. I really do appreciate the nice reviews and helpful suggestions I've been getting. It's encouraging to know there are people reading it. I'll try to be more consistent. This chapter was not easy to crank out though. I hope it makes up for how long it's taken me. To those who might be concerned, don't be. I will see this story through to its neverending end. Trust me I have a lot more planned. I'm not going to just give up and not finish it. Thank you again for taking the time to read it. Chapter 11: The Path of Regret Kneeling in the dust of a long forgotten country, and far away from where Adair and the others were beginning the next step of their journey, something was happening that was going to change the course of Fantasia again. And this change was not for the better. He dug and dug with his hands to find what he was after. With his claws he tore at the dirt digging deeper and deeper. It was here. It had to be here. The Witches had promised. They had told him where to look, and when he had it, no one, not even the Childlike Empress and her seven powers could stand against him. His plan had been laid, Fantasia was bending to his will, the Childlike Empress was locked in sleep, and with this last piece, this vast empire of dreams and wishes would be his. Such was the intention of Volrac's blackened heart. He had been forced to travel here on foot, and he had no tools with which to dig. For this place he was searching in, and what he was searching for was something that had been buried deeply. For what the Nightmare King searched for was a regret. In Fantasia, just like in your mind, regrets can be buried by those who wish it so. They can be covered over and can lay unnoticed for a long time. But eventually, no matter how hard we try to hide them, they always come out in the end. At last his claws struck something besides earth. His anticipation restored, Volrac dug deeper and deeper with renewed vigor until his long black claw tipped fingers caught hold of something. Lightning split the sky and thunder rolled in a long dark chorus as the Nightmare King lifted his prize high over his head. He had found it at last. \"Hunter Training\" as Jason had called it had taken the better part of the morning (which Iole had started at the crack of dawn). Evidently Atreyu had consented to let Jason use the black sword that Chember had used before, though she hadn't heard them talk about it. Iole had begun with Jason first to allow Atreyu to hunt and gather their breakfast. When he had returned with four dead rabbits, Adair had offered to cook them so Atreyu could train. Her generosity lasted a total of five minutes before the other three heard her gagging. She hadn't realized that cooking them also meant skinning them, and Atreyu's prey was still staring at her even though they were dead. So Atreyu's training had been put off until he could spit them and get them over the fire. So it was with wounded pride that Adair was slowly turning the rabbits over the fire. When they were cooked, Iole and Jason joined them to eat. Unable to get the image of those lifeless eyes staring back at her, Adair hadn't eaten much and Iole \"graciously\" offered to eat the rest of her portion. \"I don't remember you eating this much meat when you lived at our house.\" she had said to Iole, referring to the time that the woman had spent as her cat. \"I never ate at your house. I'd wait until you were at school and then go hunt for meat. Or just buy myself a chili dog if I felt like it.\" the dragon-girl winked. Adair looked affronted. \"Why didn't you say something? I could have saved a fortune on your cat food!\" \"Say what? 'Hey Adair, this cat nip sucks, I'm going to hunt for something better'? That would have been awkward.\" \"Yeah and this is totally normal.\" Jason remarked snidely which made the three of them laugh. Atreyu who had grown up in Fantasia and was accustomed to all sorts of happenings that would seem strange to you or any human, did not understand the humor. Iole swallowed the rest of her breakfast and wiped her mouth. \"Alright Jason, take five. Atreyu you're up.\" Without a word Atreyu grabbed his sword and followed Iole to the clearing where she had trained with Jason earlier. Adair watched expectantly. Arian nudged her side in a bid for her attention. She stroked his nuzzle absentmindedly, not taking her eyes off the pair. She had been fascinated to watch Jason be trained, not only because the prospect of watching her friend learn how to use a sword was amusing. The way Iole fought was nothing like Adair would have imagined. She carried no weapon, but as she had explained earlier, dragons were master shapeshifters. As Atreyu readied his weapon, Iole merely took a relaxed posture and gestured for him to come at her. Atreyu did not hesitate as Jason had at attacking a seemingly unarmed girl. He had seen earlier that Iole was a warrior just as he was, and one that knew what she was doing. He quickly closed the distance between them and swung his sword for her. Iole raised her forearm to block, and Adair winced as the blade made its way to connect with her soft flesh. But in the blink of an eye the form of her arm changed. Where their had been flesh and bone, now there was white plated scales. Her fingers were curved now and ended in hooked razor sharp claws. \"Demons come in every shape and size you can imagine.\" she explained as she countered his strike. \"The ones that look harmless often turn out to be the most dangerous.\" Atreyu came at her again and again with his weapon, but she blocked each of his strikes with her morphed arms. They were a good match in speed, but Adair wondered if Iole was holding back since this was only practice. She certainly hoped that was the case. \"Stop going for my vital signs.\" Iole instructed as she blocked another strike. Atreyu had intended it for her throat. \"Demons are not like any creatures you have faced. They are evil that's been given a physical form. They don't live and breathe like you and me. They can't be wounded normally. They don't have hearts so you can't aim for one. They don't have blood so they don't care if you cut them. Cut their head off and they can still walk. Their claws can still maul you. Their head can still bite you. It's better to cut their limbs off so they can't move.\" Each time she gave a suggestion, Adair noticed Atreyu's stance shift a little, his swings coming with more purpose. Iole needed to adjust her defense with each improvement he made. This was far more in depth than she had gone with Jason. With him she had only taught basic instruction. It made sense since this morning was the first time Jason had even held a sword let alone used one. She found herself far more entranced by their battle than she'd been earlier. Both of them moved with fluidity and grace than Jason had. The marks of their experience were clear. \"You know you can blink once in awhile. They'll still be there.\" she jumped to hear Jason's voice and turned to see him staring at her. He was smirking at her with that crooked grin she knew so well. He was comforting to look at. She could scarcely believe he was actually here with her, and yet she couldn't deny this was her friend. He looked back at the dueling pair of warriors. \"So weird to think that's your cat squaring off over there.\" \"What about this isn't weird? We're trapped inside some magical world we were both reading about.\" \"You seem to be holding your own pretty well though.\" he remarked. \"That's because I don't really know how to feel. I mean, until I picked up that book I didn't know anything about Fantasia, or demons, or dragons, but now I'm not just in the middle of it, I find out I've been part of it for a really long time already.\" \"You mean Iole?\" he asked. \"Or Volrac?\" She cringed at the mention of that name and Jason caught the fear in her eyes when she searched his face for his meaning. She sighed. \"I guess you know then, about how my mom and dad died.\" Jason's features looked pained. There really was no easy way to talk about something like this. \"You've been carrying that around by yourself for ten years. Why didn't you tell me?\" She thought of a way she could explain this gently. \"In a word: Rosemary.\" \"Rosemary?\" \"When I went to live with her, she told me never to tell anyone. She was set on pretending like it never happened. Whenever anyone asked she always said they died in an accident. She said it was safer that way. At first I was okay with it. I didn't want to remember it either. But then one day I tried to talk to her about it.\" She bit her lip. \"What happened?\" Adair felt her brow knitting together as her eyes narrowed with resentment. \"She looked at me like I'd lost my mind. She acted like she didn't know what I was talking about. She talked like I was making the whole thing up and got mad at me because I was scaring Brian and Jamie. She made it sound like I was crazy! And do you know what? For a long time I thought I was.\" She shook her head. \"Who knows? Maybe I still am.\" \"You're not crazy.\" Jason said matter-of-factly. \"I'm going on a quest through 'Dream Land' with a boy I was reading about and my cat who turned out to be a dragon.\" \"And your roguishly handsome best friend.\" She laughed. \"Now I know I'm crazy.\" That made him laugh too, and it felt good to be able to laugh with her friend again. \"I'm really sorry I got you dragged into this, but I'm really glad you're here.\" \"Are you kidding? Adair I just got in a fight with a dragon! A dragon that's teaching me how to fight demons! I used to do this in video games! Now I'm here doing the real thing! Besides,\" he looked at the ground when he spoke and she heard his voice quiver with what he said next. \"I couldn't keep going like I was, reading about how much trouble you were in and not being able to do anything. I'd take this over standing back any day.\" She patted his hand. \"Thanks Jason. You're the best friend I have.\" \"You're not so bad yourself.\" he replied. There was a thud in the clearing and the two of them jumped. Iole had struck Atreyu's wrist, sending his sword flying into the air. She swept her foot through his legs and kicked them out from under him. He landed on his back just as Iole caught his weapon and pointed the tip of his own blade at his throat. Atreyu closed his eyes and conceded. Iole grinned and their was a glimmer of respect in her eyes for his skill. She flipped the blade in her hand and presented the hilt to him. \"You're not bad.\" she remarked as he took his weapon back and got to his feet. \"But you forgot the most important lesson. Jason, listen up because this concerns you too. Both of you fight with passion, and I like that. But there's more. There's rage, and there's regret.\" Jason shrugged. \"Hormones?\" \"It's more than that.\" Iole snapped. \"Slaying a demon is just as much spiritual as it is physical and mental. In some worlds they even call it healing. Demons are not living creatures, they're pure evil. So when you fight one, your heart must be in balance or they'll exploit it. Some can feed on your anger for strength. Others can turn your strongest desire or your greatest regret against you. Keeping your heart in balance is the hardest skill you'll have to master if you're going to fight them.\" \"Yes Sensei.\" Jason gave her a mock bow. Iole glowered at him but said nothing else on the matter. \"Alright let's break camp.\" Adair was a little surprised that Atreyu who had been her guide thus far had surrendered command of the group so readily to Iole. Of course Iole had given them more insight to the danger they were up against now, but Adair wasn't sure just how safe they were with her. \"That's a lovely ring you have on there.\" Adair jumped at Iole's voice and looked up. With some relief she noticed that Atreyu and Jason were out of earshot. Hesitantly she met eyes with Iole. The look in those sky blue eyes was unmistakable. Her earlier suspicions were confirmed. She knows. \"What do you want?\" Adair asked. \"Nothing really. I'm just curious. Why do you still have it?\" Adair considered her question, but she wasn't sure how to answer it. Not that it mattered much. She'd seen what Iole was capable of, and if she was intent on taking the ring from her there would be nothing she could do to stop her. \"Were you planning on taking it? That's your job right, to stop things like this?\" \"Not exactly. My job is to hunt Witches. The affairs of the world they travel to are not my domain.\" \"So you're saying you're forbidden?\" \"In a sense. That ring came from them, but it's yours now. Whatever you decide to do with it, that's your choice.\" Adair did not miss the way she phrased that last part. \"So let's say I decide to use it. Would you have to stop me then?\" Iole smiled and shook her head. \"I can tell you this. A deal with a Witch always comes at a high price. Whatever it is, I promise it's more than anything I could take away from you.\" \"Iole, we're ready.\" It was Atreyu. He and Jason had taken down camp surprisingly fast while the two of them had talked. \"Good. Jason, give me that sword.\" Jason handed her the black blade and she ran her fingers along its length, gripping the long white fur in her hand. She closed her eyes. \"I can see it. It's thick, and it's dark. Too dangerous to navigate by flight. I can carry the three of you as far as the edge of the woods, but we'll have to continue on foot.\" \"The three of us?\" Adair asked, casting her glance between Iole and Arian. The stallion seemed to be pleading with her. He was a smart horse. \"Sorry Adair, but I'll barely be able to clear their spell with the three of you on my back. They're keeping some kind of barrier up so the wishes of travelers don't carry them there. It's enough to keep out large numbers so they can't be attacked, but they've left small windows open for their followers, and anyone that might wander in and become a new victim. At this rate we'll be lucky to get in at all. Or unlucky, take your pick.\" Adair moved stubbornly to Arian's side and stroked his nuzzle. She had grown attached to him after all, and the way his enormous brown eyes were pleading with her not to leave him behind was unbearable. \"She's right.\" Atreyu said, placing a hand on her shoulder. \"The Forest of Thorns is no place for a horse.\" \"We need to go Adair.\" Jason added. \"Falkor's waiting for us.\" Adair consented with a nod, but before she let go of Arian's reins she took AURYN in her hand and made a wish. I wish he'll come find us again. Arian bobbed his head up and down as if nodding in agreement. Then she watched him gallop off over the hill. Iole made her way to the clearing to allow herself enough space. \"Alright ladies, get ready for a show.\" In an instant the grassy clearing Iole had been standing in was swallowed in white. Adair almost fell backwards in surprise. Jason made a sound of awe and even Atreyu looked impressed. As a cat Iole had been half the size of Adair's pillow. Now in this form she was bigger than Aunt Rosemary's living room and kitchen put together. She was as long as Falkor, but larger with a sleek muscular build covered in white scales. Her great white spiked wings spread for twenty feet at least in either direction. Her head was adorned with short black horns and odd black markings from her crown to her snout. But her crystal blue eyes were the same even though they were the size of Adair's head now. To say that Adair was intimidated to fly on her would have been an understatement. Atreyu wasted no time. He came up to her side and leaped onto her back with ease. Not wanting to seem timid compared, Jason was right behind him, though he managed to reach the dragon's back with far less grace. \"Come on.\" Atreyu held his hand out to her. Again Jason offered his hand right behind him. Adair closed her eyes and took both their hands, letting them pull her up. She barely had time to seat herself between them before Iole beat her mighty wings and shot into the sky. Adair had to agree with what she had said earlier. She was nowhere near as kind Falkor when it came to flying. It was nothing short of a miracle that Adair had managed to keep her breakfast by the end of the flight. Though she blamed this on keeping her eyes closed the entire way rather than any fortitude on her part. Iole was swift and it seemed only a short while since they left the clearing when she felt them beginning to descend. For the first time she dared to open her eyes. There it was, blanketed in a thick fog and an eerie shade as though the sun was purposely keeping its rays away from its edge, a winding twisted formation of dead vines branches. This was the Forest of Thorns. And at what looked like its center, she could see the very tip of something solid and black peering above the woods. It looked like a tower. Iole swooped lower and lower until she reached the very edge of the woods. Atreyu leaped off with ease as though he did this kind of thing every day (which was actually the truth). \"That was awesome!\" Jason cried as he slid off Iole's back, a little unsteady to be on his feet again. \"We are totally doing that again.\" Adair, still feeling queasy allowed herself to be helped down. As quickly as she had grown, Iole shrank back down to her human form with her strange elven ears. She said nothing until she reached the beginnings of the wood and took one of its thorny branches in her hand. They gasped as they watched it respond to her touch like a snake and coil around her arm. The thorns dug into her flesh, but she ignored it and closed her eyes. \"This is their work alright. The signature of their magic is all over this. Thoth must have crafted some kind of artifact and then let Nag use his primal spells to turn it into something that could grow and think on its own. Then Fay worked her magic on it.\" She spat and wrenched her hand free of the branch's grasp, snapping it as she did. The piece that broke off crumbled into dust before their eyes. \"Thanks to Fay, this forest feeds on sorrow and regret. It'll dig its thorns into your hearts if you let it. So stay close to me and trust nothing that you see. Understand?\" They all nodded. Without any further instruction, she motioned for them to follow her in. Jason was right behind her with Adair in tow. But for some reason, Atreyu who had never hesitated to jump into action before hung back now. He followed behind Adair quietly with a troubled look on his face she had never seen in him before. She waited a while as they followed Iole into the woods before she asked him. She wanted to make sure the others couldn't hear her. \"What's wrong? You've been really quiet since we got here.\" He only sighed at first. She had been right. Something was bothering him or else he wouldn't have taken so long to answer. \"I was just thinking of what Iole said about this place. How it feeds on your sorrow. I... I've been to a place like this before. It was a long time ago.\" This didn't surprise her. He'd told her of many fantastic places he'd visited in his adventures. So why did this particular place seem to weigh on him so heavily? \"Did something happen?\" \"I lost a very dear friend.\" he admitted. \"Oh.\" she cursed herself in her head. She'd dug too deep. It wouldn't be fair to make him elaborate further than that, so she stopped talking. It was a silent trek at first. Iole was keeping her eyes straight ahead, hacking underbrush away with her claws. Jason seemed to be trying to imitate her calm and stern mannerisms by clearing the path with his sword, only occasionally offering a lighthearted one liner to try and relieve the tension. \"I still think Mrs. Belmonte's garden next door is creepier.\" To which Iole replied none-too-kindly. \"Shut up.\" The first to hear a sound was Atreyu, and while it was a nice thought for the silence to be broken, he would soon regret ever having listened. \"Master. Little Master.\" It was a voice Atreyu knew well, one that still haunted his dreams. But it couldn't be. He cast his eyes all around the wood. \"Artax?\" There behind the winding thorny branches of the forest Atreyu saw a face that had haunted him for years. Trotting through the thicket was a pale gray horse. There was no mistaking those eyes, the very ones that he had watched sink into the swamps of sadness as he cried and pleaded with him not to give up. \"Artax!\" he cried and made to follow the horse into the darkness. But he was stopped. Adair took hold of his arm. \"Atreyu what are you doing?\" \"It's Artax! He's over there! Don't you see him?\" The way he spoke was frantic and desperate. It was so unlike Atreyu that it frightened her. \"There's nothing there!\" She tried to explain. But it was like he could no longer hear her. He wrenched his arm from her grasp and there was nothing she could do to stop him from racing into the dark forest. \"Atreyu! Atreyu!\" she called after him, but it was no use. \"Adair!\" she heard Jason call for her, followed by a curse from Iole. \"Are you all dense?! What did I just tell you?! We can't get separated!\" It was too late. The moment they broke from their line, the forest itself rumbled. Adair could feel it trembling beneath her feet and it reminded her of laughter. But not kind gentle laughter, or the giddy giggling of a school girl. This was more like the cackling of a spiteful child as he burns ants with a magnifying glass. Then the world around them closed. The branches writhed and the roots of the trees erupted from all sides, creating new barriers and new pathways that cut them all off from one another. Left by herself, Iole cursed under her breath. She morphed her hands into claws and tried to slash a path through the thorns to the others, but found that the branches only scratched her back. With a deep powerful breath she unleashed a wave of flames at the wall, but this too proved useless. \"Fine. If that's the way you freaks want to play,\" she hissed to herself as she imagined the sadistic glee of the puppeteers she knew were behind this. \"Just know that the longer I take to find you, the more time I have to think about what I'm going to do to you.\" Atreyu winced against the sting of branches as their thorns struck his face. Tears were welling at the corner of his eyes as he tried to blink through the pain. Scratches lined his face and covered his arms. But the voice in the darkness spurred him on, leaping over the roots and branches in his path, and bounding through the winding paths. \"This way little master. This way.\" A small patch of gray light showed Atreyu that he had come to a clearing in the woods. Artax had to be waiting for him there. He burst through the growth and found the clearing he had sought, swirling with an eerie gray mist. \"Artax? Where are you?\" \"I'm here Little Master.\" He whirled around, but found nothing. The voice had grown louder than before. He was sure his long lost friend was here. \"Where?\" \"Here, Little Master.\" Again Atreyu turned but found nothing. Now the voice sounded like it was coming from everywhere. Then it was right behind him. \"HERE LITTLE MASTER!\" His head reeled as he fell to the ground, struck in the back by a powerful hoof. He coughed and rolled onto his back. \"Artax... why?\" Then his dark eyes widened as he met the eyes of the beast. The creature looked just like Artax as he'd seen, but his eyes were blank and white. And from its mouth, the same gray mist poured out. \"Because you failed him.\" came another voice whose familiarity made Atreyu's stomach turn. \"Just as you failed me.\" A figure stepped out of the mist, almost exactly as Atreyu remembered him. A slender youth dressed in fine silk with a long silver mantle and boots stepped to Artax's side and stared down at him with pitiless blue eyes. \"Just as you will fail all of Fantasia.\" \"Bastian.\" he breathed. \"You and Artax? How are you here?\" \"We are trapped here by your failure.\" Bastian growled. \"No.\" Atreyu whispered. \"I didn't! I got you back to your world!\" \"But not before you let me become this! You saw what I was becoming and you let it happen!\" \"I tried to save you!\" \"You tried, but you failed.\" Bastian said as his rage twisted his mouth into the cruelest sneer Atreyu had ever seen. \"And now you will face justice.\" \"Atreyu!\" Adair called again, turning aimlessly into the winding paths that were presenting themselves. Here a path would open up and there another would close behind her. She couldn't help but feel like she was going in circles. \"Jason! Iole!\" The only voice that came back to her was her own. She wrapped her fingers around AURYN in an attempt to calm herself. She knew she couldn't go on like this without a plan, but planning was not something she did. She didn't realize it, but Adair was more the type of person to allow herself to be pulled like a leaf in a river. And until she grasped AURYN and allowed its calming presence to wash over her, that is exactly what she had allowed the Forest of Thorns to do to her so far. Taking hold of the talisman gave her the first sense of clarity she'd had since they had all been separated. Now her steps seemed to have more purpose. She was taking strides in directions that had looked too difficult to travel before. She felt more confident in where she was heading now. But the Forest of Thorns had other plans for her. A new voice reached her ears now. It was a young voice, but it sounded sad and desperate. She began to follow it. It sounded like crying. She rounded the bend where she was sure she would find the owner of the new mysterious voice. There at the base of a dead tree she found a small girl with her knees drawn up to her chest. Her little hands were held up to her face in an attempt to stem the tide of tears that were pouring down. She wore a simple white sundress that was tattered and filthy. The girl herself was covered in dirt from head to toe. In that moment Adair let go of the Gem, and at the same time forgot everything that Iole had warned her about when they'd entered the woods. \"Trust nothing you see\" Iole had said, but the warning was whisked away at the pitiful sight of the crying girl. \"What's the matter?\" she asked. \"I'm lost.\" the girl wailed pitifully. \"Where are your parents?\" It seemed the most natural thing for Adair to ask the girl. \"Gone. I'm alone. I'm all alone. I'm always alone.\" the small child choked back more of her sobs. Sympathy for the girl tugged at Adair and before she knew what she was doing she reached and placed a hand on her head. \"It's alright. You're not lost now. We'll find them.\" Then a voice came from the girl that was not the pitiful sobbing of a child, but bitter and filled with hate. \"You cannot find what is dead.\" The moment she said that, Adair recoiled her hand, but not because of what the girl had said. It was because she had just recognized the white daisy pins tied in the girl's sandy blond hair. For the first time the girl lifted her head and met eyes with her. Adair felt a stab of fear in her chest as she met her own hazel-green eyes. She wanted to run but she couldn't rise to her feet quick enough. Instead she fell back and scooted desperately backwards. In that moment, the girl's eyes turned white and were as still and dead as a frozen lake. \"Don't leave me.\" she hissed. And then her cries became screams. \"Don't leave me alone!\" She lifted her arms and they changed. Thick twisted vines covered in thorns like that of the forest shot from the sleeves of her dress. Like a horde of snakes they slithered towards Adair. Before she could get back to her feet, they wound their way around her arms and legs. They pulled themselves taut and their thorns cut into her flesh. She could feel her blood starting to seep through her tunic. Little by little the vines were pulling her back towards the creature that wore her face. She struggled and writhed in its grasp but they only grew tighter. \"I don't want to be alone anymore!\" it sobbed even as it dragged Adair against her will towards it. \"I'm always alone! No one loves me! Am I ugly? Am I boring? Am I strange? Why does everyone I love leave me?! What did I do? Will you leave me too! No, stay with me! STAY!\" With the last of the give the vines afforded her, Adair once more took hold of AURYN and wished for someone, something, anything to save her from this predicament. Now before we go on to describe the gallant knight that appeared from nowhere in answer to Adair's wish, and saved her from the monster's grasp, it bears repeating that the wishes the Gem grants are not all they appear to be. And of course there is always a price attached, one that is not immediately apparent but becomes very clear at the moment when the one who made the wish least expects it. After all, you can't just throw something new into the story for the moment and dismiss it the next, especially in Fantasia. And Adair would soon find out what her wish had brought to her. But as we said, Adair made the wish. Just as she was dragged the last little distance to the feet of the phantom of her child self, a silvery gleam shot from the darkness, carrying with it a heavy morning-star. It was a man clad in a silver breastplate. She could not see his face for it was helmeted. But burnished on his breastplate was the image of a golden sunrise climbing over a hillside. He shot from the trees with such speed that the creature didn't even have time to look in his direction as he raised his weapon and brought it down hard. Adair tore her eyes away and shut them tight just in time. She heard an echoing crack like wood splintering to pieces, accompanied by a crash as the man's morning-star came to rest in the ground. Instantly she felt the vines slacken their grip. She wasted no time shrugging them off. She made an attempt to dust herself off as she stood. She looked to her rescuer and could only manage a weak \"Thank you.\" to him. The knight paid her no mind at first as he propped his morning-star against his leg so he could lift his gauntleted hands to his helmet. Adair was embarrassed to hear herself gasp as he removed it. The man had a beautiful youthful face with blue-gray eyes, and his hair was golden brown. It reminded her of a lion's mane. And when he spoke, though his voice was firm and masculine, it had a softness to it, like a poem. \"A beautiful maiden like you has no business in a place like this.\" She couldn't say anything at first. The near death experience coupled with the man's striking appearance made it difficult for her to collect her thoughts. \"What are you doing here?\" The question prompted her to remember herself. \"Sorry I was just looking for my friends. We came in together, but we were separated.\" \"Yes, this forest tends to do that. Perhaps you could benefit from an escort.\" With this, Adair could not argue. \"I... I guess so.\" \"Please.\" he smiled and his teeth were dazzling white. \"It would shame me as a knight and a gentleman to leave you here unescorted. Especially after I took the time to rescue you.\" Without waiting for an answer he gathered up his weapon and slung it over his shoulder. He motioned for her to follow him. Adair cast one last look at the pile of white rags and dead vines that had been the nightmarish creature and quickly fell in stride behind the knight. \"Don't worry, it won't be long before we find your friends, Lady Adair. I swear it.\" Adair felt a jolt. \"You know who I am?\" \"Of course.\" he replied cordially but without looking over his shoulder at her. \"You're quite famous in Fantasia already.\" \"And you?\" She asked. \"I mean, what's your name.\" The knight chuckled. \"For now you may call me Dawn.\" Every little movement in the trees was bothering Jason now. He felt like the whole forest had eyes and they were all raking him up and down. He kept a firm grip on the hilt of the sword Iole had given him. He hadn't given it a name yet. He knew names were important in Fantasia, but he hadn't yet settled on a good one. He'd tried \"Lady Luck\", \"Lucky Day\", or even just plain \"Lucky\". They all felt like they came up short. Even so, he didn't doubt what it could do. He'd seen its magic, Falkor's luck magic in action. That's why he tried to keep his cool even as he stood there alone in the woods with no plan. He hadn't moved since he'd been separated from them. Every time he thought about it, the pathways around him seemed to shift. Another movement caught his eye and this time he tracked it. It was gray and shapeless, like mist. It weaved in and out of the branches like it was taunting him, studying him. As he watched it he could begin to hear faint whisperings. He didn't like what he was hearing. \"Worthless. No place for you.\" \"Don't stare too closely.\" Jason whirled around. He made an attempt to draw his sword from his shoulder, but stopped when he met eyes with the one who'd spoken (not that he was anywhere near skilled enough to draw his blade quickly). Standing at the edge of the clearing was a slender figure shrouded in a white cloak. She didn't seem to belong in the forest at all. Even hooded as she was, she seemed to have a light about her that certainly didn't agree with their surroundings. The gray mist that rolled along the forest floor seemed to roll away from her. She lowered her hood and drew back her cloak. She was dressed in a long silk gown of silver. When she pulled her hood down, long raven tresses fell around her shoulders and almost reached her waist. Her sleeves had silver stars embroidered all down her arms. Her skirt had a split in the middle that must have been for horse riding. Her eyes were dark blue, but they seemed to sparkle like her gown. \"The forest is feeding on your regret.\" she explained and Jason finally became aware that his mouth was open. It sounded corny to him, but when she spoke her voice reminded him of a songbird. She smiled kindly. \"If you stare at it for too long it will take a form you recognize. One that can hurt you the most. That's how it lures you. Are you looking for someone?\" Jason stammered. \"Uh, yeah. My friends and I got separated.\" \"Oh I see. Well you're lucky I came along. I happen to know a safe route.\" Still unable to speak, Jason gripped the hilt of his sword tighter, not out of fear but as if to thank it. A gorgeous stranger had just appeared out of nowhere and offered to show him the way through the forest. How much more luck did one guy need? With a new lightness in his step he followed her without hesitating. Unfortunately for Jason, he was about to discover that just like Adair's wishes, luck has two sides. \"Hey what's your name?\" \"My friends call me Star.\" she answered. \"And yours?\" \"Jason. So how did you end up out here?\" She stopped short. They both did, because before she could answer a cry filled their ears. It was a howl of pain that Jason thought he recognized. \"That sounded like Atreyu!\" \"Friend of yours?\" Star asked. Jason didn't answer the question. \"He sounds like he's hurt. Do you know which way to go?\" \"It sounds as though the forest has snared him. It came from that direction.\" Star pointed and then took off at a run. She was swift and graceful even in her gown. \"Quickly, this way!\" Jason bounded after her, struggling to keep up. He was amazed at how fast she moved, as though she were some woodland elf. Her dark hair and white cloak whirled behind her dramatically. After what seemed like a short time she stopped at the edge of the clearing. Moments later, Jason burst through the trees to see what she had discovered. He felt his chest constrict with fear. What he saw was horrifying. Atreyu stood in the center of the clearing, and as they had guessed, he was in pain. Gripping his arm was a length of twisted vines covered in thorns. They stretched to the other side of the clearing. But what had scared Jason was what was attached to them. There was a boy dressed in fine silk in a silver mantle who would have been handsome if it were not for his dead white eyes. \"Draw your sword Atreyu.\" the creature hissed. \"Draw it!\" \"I won't fight you Bastian!\" the plains boy cried, and the agony in his voice was from more than just the thorns tearing into his flesh. \"You mean you can't. You're the same as you were then. You're a weak miserable failure. You failed me, you failed all of Fantasia and you'll fail again.\" The vines that were the monster's arm snaked their way across Atreyu's chest and peeled his tunic open to reveal his chest. Atreyu screwed his eyes shut as they writhed across him. \"There it is, still as ugly as the day I gave it to you. This is the mark of your shame, and you wear it openly for all of Fantasia to see. Why?\" \"Bastian please stop this! I don't want to fight you!\" Atreyu pleaded. Jason hadn't known Atreyu for long, but he knew him well enough to know that pleading for mercy was not like him. The thought sickened him. He didn't know the full story behind this encounter, but it was clear to him that it's meaning had shaken Atreyu to his core. His sword and his bow were strapped to his back, his knife was at his waist, but the boy made no move for any of his weapons. \"We have to do something.\" Star whispered. \"Bastian,\" Atreyu fell to his knees. \"I won't fight you. If it's revenge you want, then take it.\" At that moment, something snapped inside Jason. \"You.\" he had meant it for Atreyu, but he muttered it to himself. \"You're the one she's counting on, and you would give up right now when she's out here somewhere lost and alone? You...\" he was trembling now. \"You make me sick!\" The creature at last became aware of the new presence in the grove, but Jason was already halfway across. His sword was already out, and he was gripping it with both hands. With a cry of rage he swung the blade. The apparition shrieked as he cut the bonds that held Atreyu. The vines that had held the young warrior fell slack and turned to dust. \"Get up!\" Jason barked. But Atreyu made no move. \"This doesn't concern you.\" the monster howled. Even now it was growing new vines to replace the ones that had been cut. They writhed from both arms like sinister tentacles. \"The traitor is mine!\" The thorny vines lurched forward, tearing up the ground as they went. As Jason tightened his grip on his weapon, he could feel its power tingling in his fingers. He felt light, carefree. With ease he stepped to the side, dodging the incoming strike and returning with a swing of his own. With a confidence he had never felt before he took off towards the enemy at a full sprint, dodging each attack. Each lash of the vine seemed to miss by only a hair, like some unknown force was saving him at the last second. Iole's training from this morning was playing through his head as he closed the distance between himself and the demon. And when he reached it, he only hesitated long enough to close his eyes as he swung his blade with all the force he could muster through its midriff. He heard an unearthly shriek as his sword cleaved the monster in half. When he opened his eyes he saw that his weapon had not cut through flesh and bone, but through dried dead wood. The upper half of its body fell to the ground while the legs remained standing, vines spouting from its top. The vines twitched and convulsed like nerve endings. Then all at once the hideous phantom crumbled to ash. Jason's shoulders heaved. He could scarcely believe what he'd just done. His whole body was trembling, but he felt strong. \"Jason! Atreyu!\" he turned and saw Adair entering the clearing from the other side. There was a man with her that he didn't recognize. He was wearing a silver breastplate and carrying a heavy morning-star. \"I've been looking everywhere for you guys. We heard a scream. What just happened?\" Still feeling the rush of adrenaline, Jason could scarcely contain a smile. \"What happened? I'm a freaking demon slayer, that's what happened!\" He proclaimed proudly as he put his arms around her. \"Are you alright? You look awful.\" Adair grimaced. \"Thanks. I had a little trouble, but I'm fine. Atreyu, what happened to you?\" Atreyu had gotten to his feet and joined them. The blood on his arm had not escaped her notice. \"Had a little trouble myself.\" he said meekly. \"I'll be fine.\" Jason glowered at him out of the corner of his eye. He had not forgotten the cowardice the plains boy had displayed only seconds ago. Atreyu must have noticed his look because he seemed to shy away from his gaze. \"There you are.\" Jason jumped in surprise. In all the commotion he had completely forgotten about Star. She was crossing the clearing and speaking to the man that had come with Adair. \"I see you enjoyed yourself.\" She pouted with a short glance in Adair's direction. \"I only did as we planned. How was I to know I'd find the girl first?\" the man replied. His voice was like hers, soft and musical. As they came close to each other, he reached and brushed her dark hair behind her ear. \"Fear not my love. No one can compare to your beauty.\" Atreyu's eyes narrowed with suspicion. In a blink he had his bow drawn and an arrow knocked to the string. \"Who are you?\" \"Oh now you decide to use that?\" Jason growled. \"Chill out, she helped me get here!\" \"He found me too.\" Adair assured him, indicating the man in the silver breastplate. \"And you followed them? Did you even ask them any questions?\" Jason took a firm hold on Atreyu's wrist, trying to force him to lower the bow. \"You know I have yet to hear a thank you for saving your leather chapped hide.\" \"They're dangerous.\" the other boy insisted, but Jason felt like he was trying to avoid the issue. But the two strangers laughing in harmony proved him wrong. \"No by all means keep your weapons out.\" the knight laughed. \"You're going to need them.\" Star agreed. \"Once more.\" Atreyu readied his arrow again. \"Tell us who you are.\" \"Gladly.\" the knight answered. He pointed with the end of his weapon, first to Star, then to himself. \"She is the Lady of the Evening Star, and I am the Knight of the Burning Dawn.\" Star threw off her long white cloak, and grasped the hem of her skirt, tearing it from her waist. What Jason had mistaken as a divide for riding was actually meant to detach it. Beneath it she wore black leggings with three belts secured around her waist, each one armed along its entire length with knives. \"Together we are Fantasia's ultimate warriors.\" The knight took her hand and he kissed it. Then they spoke in unison. \"The Warriors of Love!\" The Knight of the Burning Dawn smiled as he lowered his gaze to the three of them. \"And we've been sent to eliminate you.\"[Chapter 13] A/N: I promise one day soon I will break through this barrier of one chapter a month. Chapter 12: Warriors of Love Leaning casually on his weapon, the Knight of the Burning Dawn grinned in anticipation. \"So shall we wait for you to draw your weapons or would you prefer to simply hand over what we came for?\" The Lady of the Evening Star pointed to Adair. \"The Glory if you please.\" Instinctively Adair took the Gem in her grasp protectively. \"If you wanted AURYN, why didn't you just take it from me when we were alone?\" \"You foolish girl.\" the Knight chortled. \"Do you know nothing of Fantasia?\" \"AURYN cannot be taken.\" Star elaborated. \"Only given. So if you would be so kind, we'll be on our way.\" \"So you're saying you can't kill me for it either?\" Adair surmised. \"True.\" Star replied. \"But there is no such magic protecting your friends.\" Jason stepped in front of Adair. \"Wait just a minute. If you'd planned to attack us from the start then why go through the trouble of helping us first?\" Star smiled with her rosy pink lips. \"Because silly boy, we are not without honor.\" \"The Witches told us you were defenseless in these woods. And we were not about to prey on helpless children. So we took you to this clearing where we can do battle without interference from the forest, skill against skill.\" Atreyu kept his arrow drawn. \"Well now that we're here I think you'll find us far from than helpless.\" Jason couldn't spare a glower at Atreyu's sudden bravado. You sure looked that way to me a second ago. Star took hold of Dawn by the waist and he pulled her in. \"We have nothing to fear from any of you, for as we said we are in love. As such we possess the strongest magic there is.\" The two seemed to forget they weren't alone for a moment as Dawn stared deeply into his lover's eyes. \"I would die for you my Lady.\" \"And I for you.\" she answered. And then completely heedless of the three children in the grove with them, they shared a deep passionate kiss. Adair felt herself gag. \"I think I just threw up a little.\" The two broke from their embrace and locked venomous gazes on her. \"Scoff all you want.\" Star spat. \"You will never know the power of love as long as your heart remains closed.\" \"We need not explain to the likes of her or her two young suitors.\" Dawn growled. Adair cast sideways looks at Atreyu and Jason. \"Suitors?\" \"Enough!\" Dawn roared. \"Give us the Gem, or do battle with us!\" He gripped the hilt of his morningstar tightly and Star's fingers itched for the daggers at her waist. As Atreyu and Jason gripped their own weapons, Adair felt a familiar helplessness she'd felt that day when Chember had attacked the Snapdragon's clearing. Gripping AURYN in her hand again she thought furiously at what she should do. \"And what do we have here?\" The sound of Iole's voice sent a wave of relief to her. The elf girl stepped into the grove with a hand on her hip and a wry smile. \"More of the Seekers' agents?\" Dawn and Star both rounded their gaze on her and their stance made it plain they regarded Iole as a clear threat. \"Stand down White Dragon. This is not your affair.\" Iole raised an eyebrow. \"And if I choose to make it my affair? You know what I am and you know what I do. You have three seconds to change my mind before I send you to join your comrade.\" Star laughed a high musical laugh. \"Comrade? You mean Chember? We don't associate with vermin like him, nor do we hold contracts with the ones you are hunting. Our power is our own.\" \"You know this to be true.\" Dawn said with surety, though he maintained a protective stance in front of his lady. \"Though our paths differ from these children, we are no Witches, and you cannot involve yourself in the affairs of this world.\" Iole narrowed her eyes. \"Don't play games with me. Do you side with them or not?\" \"Our goals are the same.\" Dawn admitted. \"But we follow this course of our own accord, and by our own power, not theirs. We hold no contract.\" There was a long silence in the grove, during which Adair anticipated Iole to spring into action just as she had seen her do before. She knew what the dragon was capable of, and these two would not be able to stand against her if she attacked. So why was she simply standing there? Iole folded her arms with a sour expression and leaned her back against the tree. \"Fine then, carry on.\" Adair's jaw dropped. \"Iole!\" Jason was no less stunned. \"Seriously? You're just going to stand there?\" \"Traitor!\" Atreyu snapped. \"She is traitor to no one!\" Dawn roared. \"She is a warrior of honor who stands by her code and you will show her the respect that is due!\" Star threw back her cloak, once again bringing attention to the glittering array of knives around her waist. \"Besides, you'll want to keep your eyes on us and not her. It's clear to us that you won't hand over AURYN without some persuasion.\" Dawn lifted his morningstar. \"So now we do battle. Ready yourselves young swordsmen to face a power like you have never known.\" And then the clearing exploded with their clash. First Atreyu fired an arrow at Dawn. With a swift move that seemed impossible for so heavy a weapon, the Knight blocked the arrow. It bounced like a twig off the blunt end of his weapon. In a step he closed the distance between himself and Atreyu. With no time to draw his sword, the plains boy was forced to leap back as Dawn brought his weapon down. A cloud of dust filled the grove and choked their sight. Just as Atreyu had locked his blade against Dawn, Jason had a problem of his own. He could hear Star laughing somewhere in the smokescreen. Keeping his blade level in front of him, he spun back and forth trying to pin point where she was. A strange sensation struck him and he felt compelled to turn to his left and swing his sword just level with his shoulder. He couldn't have timed it better. The moment he moved he heard the clang as one of Star's knifes bounced off his sword. Then in an instant he saw two flashes of light, prompting him to block two more. Her voice sounded like it was coming from everywhere. \"So your sword has luck magic. A handy little trinket.\" At the last moment he heard her rush him and only barely did he intercept her attack. She had leaped from the dust with two daggers drawn, her white cloak whirling behind her. \"But it can't stand against me, for my magic is stronger. Sooner or later your luck will run out.\" Meanwhile Adair stumbled through the dust. She coughed as the taste of dirt filled her mouth and choked her. She couldn't see Jason or Atreyu. She could only see flashes of metal and hear the furious clang of steel. She felt herself bump into something solid. \"Some show huh?\" Iole said in a tone of slight amusement. \"Jason's not doing bad for only a morning of training.\" Adair looked up at her half in horror and half in disgust. \"You're really not doing anything?\" \"That's not true.\" she replied defensively. \"Standing is something, watching is something, I might even see if I can find something to eat. Did you want anything?\" \"They could be killed!\" \"It's possible. These two are powerful.\" Iole was so casual it was cold as she took a seat on the ground and rummaged through her satchel. She pulled out a small box of what looked like a strange candy Adair had never seen before. \"Oh awesome, I knew I had another box in here somewhere. You want some?\" \"Are you insane?!\" Iole shrugged. \"Suit yourself.\" The battle ringing in her ears was unbearable. Each clash of weapons that rang out was like a hammer to her chest. \"How can you just sit there?\" Iole looked up from where she sat cross-legged as though Adair had posed a ridiculous question. \"How can you? You're so gung-ho to get something done, you do it.\" \"What?\" \"You heard me. Why don't you get in there and help?\" \"I...\" she stumbled for a response as that same feeling of powerlessness overtook her. \"I can't! What can I do?\" But Iole offered no answers as she wracked her brain. She had no weapon or any special talents to speak of. Adair had so little faith in her own abilities she was rooted to the spot. She had even forgotten about the wish she had made just the night before to find a way to help Atreyu and Jason on their journey. The dust the their battle kicked up made the whole event a blur. Adair would catch a flash of metal there, a glimpse of Atreyu or Jason there, but not enough to really see what was going on. Dawn's attacks were so heavy on raw power that all Atreyu could do was use his sword to sluff off his blows. But a life of adventuring in Fantasia had not left him dull witted. The plains warrior knew it would take more speed and brains to defeat this enemy. The boy was nothing if not agile. With each step he watched his opponent, studied the way he moved, kept himself clear of his assault, and then he saw it. He found his opening. Star whirled with impossible speed and her white cloak swirled hypnotically as she leaped back from Jason, threw two more knives for him to deflect, and then leaped back forward with her daggers before he even had time to catch his footing. \"A girl.\" Jason hissed under his breath. \"It had to be a girl! I can't fight a girl!\" Star laughed as she swung her dagger for his neck, a blow he was only barely able to avoid. \"Does my beauty distract you, Sir Knight? You're not the first.\" Then all at once, her smile faded. For a moment her eyes weren't on Jason. They were drawn elsewhere by the cry of her lover. Atreyu had landed a successful blow on Dawn. She couldn't see them, but she could feel him as though it were herself that had been struck. She could feel him drop his weapon, feel the searing pain in his arm as he grabbed it and felt the hot blood run down his fingers. Jason lunged forward and thrust the blade for her. He thought for sure he had her. Then all his speed and force vanished at once. He hadn't seen star move from where she had stood. It was like he had blinked and then she was somewhere else, and try as he might he could not move forward. His weapon was caught. Star had caught it, not with her daggers, but by clapping her bare hands together. The blade was caught right in the middle of the flat of her palms, and it wouldn't budge. \"There's no way that just happened!\" he cried. \"Oh but it did. As we told you before, we would die for one another. That is our power. We draw strength from each other. When I am wounded, my love gains the strength of ten men. But when he is struck, my speed becomes unmatched!\" She pulled him forward with all her might, and he stumbled right into the path of her kick. The foot she sent into his stomach sent all the air rocketing out of him. He fell to the ground in a heap, wheezing and coughing without any breath of relief. Star had her daggers out again. This time, the one in her right hand was glowing. Adair could see its gleam illuminate Star through the dust. The Lady closed her eyes and whispered a command to the blade. \"Heartseeker, with the light of my love, pierce the darkness. Find my enemy's heart and cut it out!\" She spun her feet, throwing her all her speed and force into her right arm, channeling it to her wrist, and then she loosed the enchanted dagger. Its light let Adair see its path as it flew. Atreyu stood against Dawn with his back turned to the incoming attack. She cried out a warning. Atreyu heard it and turned, but it was too late. The dagger knew its path and pierced through the dust with deadly aim for Atreyu's heart. \"NO!\" With Adair's cry, a new light filled the grove, one that outshone even Star's dagger. This one came from AURYN. It was here where Adair would remember her wish from the night before. As her wish to protect Atreyu from Star's deadly weapon filled her, she felt it become real. There was a real tangible power swelling in her now, and she could feel it coursing down her arms and into her hands, reaching out through her fingertips. Without knowing fully what she was doing, but finally finding the courage to try, she stretched her hand forward. From the light burst raw force that through Star's dagger off course. Not only did it deflect the weapon, it blew back the dust and threw Star off her feet. The Lady flew through the air like a rag doll and slammed into the tree behind her with tremendous force. She landed face first in the dirt. Adair stared at her hands, overwhelmed by the feeling and confusion of what she'd just done. Atreyu and Jason also looked awestruck with their eyes locked on her. But they had forgotten about Dawn whose eyes were now on his fallen lover. And as they watched her fall, those eyes filled with rage. With a deafening roar he snatched up his weapon again. The wound from Atreyu's sword was suddenly gone and his arm was stronger than ever. He swung his Morningstar. It struck Atreyu hard in the back and felled him to the ground. Jason had gotten back to his feet and moved to stop him, but the Knight batted him away just as easily. A single strike while they were down could have been the end of them, but Dawn did not waver as he rushed to his beloved's side. Gently he scooped her into his arms. Her eyes fluttered open and she laughed. \"She's stronger than we thought.\" \"Shh.\" he quieted her in the softest tone Adair had ever heard. \"Don't speak my love. I must get you to safety.\" Then his face hardened as he turned a furious gaze on Adair. \"This is not over Standard-Bearer. We will meet again.\" Then without another word, Star used what strength she had left to swirl her white cloak over the both of them. Then like a wisp of smoke they were gone. The sound of clapping reminded Adair that Iole was still with them. \"Not bad.\" \"Well Fay, you've been proven wrong again.\" Thoth said smugly. \"It seems your Strongest Magic didn't stack up against AURYN after all.\" Fay closed her book and turned her ice cold eyes on Thoth. \"Wrong. It was the Strongest Magic that was victorious.\" Nag swiveled its head between the two, watching them from where it hung from the rafters of the castle chamber. \"But Fay, we just finished watching it. Adair used AURYN and blew right through those two.\" \"I said the Strongest Magic won, I did not say it was theirs.\" Thoth leaned back in his chair and placed his hands behind his head, lacing his fingers together. \"Well go on Fay, fill your colleagues in. How is it your Strongest Magic prevailed?\" Fay rose from her seat and stepped to the corner of the chamber where they had a blackboard against the wall. She removed the chalk and flipped the board over, trading the side Thoth had covered with formulas and equations for the blank one. The chalk floated from her hand and followed her train of thought on its own, drawing out the diagram she wished them to see. \"AURYN holds the power of the Childlike Empress. As such it is capable of almost anything here in Fantasia. But while the possibilities are limitless, it can only be used when fueled by the wishes of a human. And the stronger the wish, the more powerful the outcome. Not even AURYN can create something out of nothing.\" Thoth nodded with a polite smile. Oh how he enjoyed this battle of logic with his colleague. \"So what you're saying is that Adair used your Strongest Magic to fuel that wish.\" \"That is correct. Anything less and Star's dagger would have pierced Atreyu's heart without a doubt.\" \"But Adair and Atreyu barely know each other.\" Thoth reasoned. \"I haven't researched nearly as extensively as you into the subject, but I do know a connection like the one you speak of takes time to form, and is molded by experience.\" \"My research has indicated that is not always the case. Even time's hold is weakened in its wake. Its true that the most powerful connections require time to form. That's why it wasn't able to protect them from the fear they felt in our forest. But the Strongest Magic takes on many forms, and even the weakest variation is capable of the impossible.\" \"It's all so frustrating.\" Nag pouted. \"I understand desire and attraction. Even animals have that. But your version makes everything so complicated Fay.\" \"It becomes less complicated if you simply accept it. Just admit it to be the most powerful force and it will all become clear.\" Thoth grinned and shook his head. \"Never. Not until you can support it with provable testable data. This is a wager I will gladly expend all of my effort to win, even if it takes me another few centuries.\" \"Hopefully we won't have to wait that long.\" Nag sighed. \"Come on! When is something exciting going to happen again?\" \"I believe you're right Nag, we've lingered on this phase long enough.\" Thoth rose to his feet and held his hand out to Fay. \"Shall we m'dear?\" Fay placed her hand in his and they motioned for Nag to join them. The creature leaped off its perch and joined its hands with theirs. \"If they have even a taste of the kind of magic you dream they do Fay, they may survive this yet.\" Adair knelt down at Atreyu's side. His wounds from Dawn's attack were far more severe than Jason's. He managed to sit up, but he held a hand to his side. She was sure some of his ribs were cracked. She looked to Iole. \"Is there anything you can do?\" Jason folded his arms, ignoring the pain in his shoulder. \"Yeah, because she's been so much help so far.\" Iole shrugged, ignoring Jason. \"I'm not much of a healer. The best I could do is bandage him up. Why don't you try something? Make your hands glow again. Adair looked down at her hand nervously. \"What was that anyway?\" Atreyu looked up at her. \"Maybe it was something you wished for.\" At last the memory of what she had wished for last night returned to her. \"Now I remember. I heard Iole tell Jason she was going to train him in the morning and I wished I could find some way to help. Is that what that weird light was?\" Iole smiled with that knowing glint in her eye. \"Sounds like AURYN decided to bestow some magical abilities on you. It's very rough magic. It looks like it just takes your will and manifests it as raw energy. You could develop it with time.\" \"So you think I could use it to heal Atreyu?\" Iole nodded. \"I don't see why not.\" Adair hesitated, but Atreyu had far greater faith in her. \"It will be fine. If it's your wish then I know it will work.\" She swallowed, but she nodded. She clenched her fist, closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She tried to remember what she had done before that had summoned that power to her. Now that she was searching for it, she could feel it. It was a small warmth like a flickering candle inside her. She remembered how she had felt its flame burst when Star had thrown her dagger at Atreyu. She could feel it stir again and felt the flames swirl up inside her. Too much! She thought. She pulled away from those earlier thoughts, but held onto the part about Atreyu, that desire to shield him from harm. She felt the warmth of her candle burn a little brighter and felt its warmth in her hands. She heard Jason and Atreyu gasp. She opened her eyes and found a soft warm glow coming from her clenched fist. She opened it, and it glowed brighter. She held her hand over Atreyu. He winced, but only slightly, and then closed his eyes and sighed like a great weight had been taken off of him. She released her hold on that power and her hand stopped glowing. Jason was in awe. \"Awesome! Adair you're like some kind of sorceress now!\" She didn't know if she liked the sound of that, but she was pleased with the results. Atreyu was getting back to his feet and poking his side with his fingers, amazed at the way his body had healed. Not a bruise or a scratch remained save for that scar he had carried on his chest all the time she'd known him. He flexed his arm and rolled his shoulder. \"Amazing!\" But they didn't have long to wonder at Adair's new ability. Once more, the ground began to rumble and the trees began to shift. \"Not again!\" Jason moaned. \"Quick grab hands!\" Iole shouted as the ground started rolling and shifting under their feet. They joined hands as quickly as they could, but just before Adair could take Iole's, a wall of thorned vines shot up from the ground, cutting the three off from their guide. \"Iole!\" \"It's fine!\" they heard her call back, but only barely. \"I'll find another way around! You go on without me!\" They quickly lost sight of her, and the ground didn't stop moving. Adair held so fast to her friends she thought her arms were going to be torn off. The shifting ground threw them up off their feet where they rolled through the dirt together. When it stopped at last, all three of them were face down on the ground. Adair choked on the taste of dirt and spat it out. She crawled forward, but was surprised when she found not forest floor beneath her fingers, but hard cold stone. She raised her head, shaking the dust from her hair. She never stopped looking further upward as she got to her feet, for what she saw in front of her was towering over the three of them. \"The castle.\" she breathed. \"We found it.\" Jason whispered. Atreyu shook his head. \"No. We're here because they wanted us to come. And they wanted us here without Iole.\" She really hated the sound of that. \"So what do we do?\" \"Do we have a choice?\" Jason asked. \"If they have Falkor we have to go in there. And it's not like they're just going to let us leave after bringing us here.\" \"So we play their game.\" Atreyu said darkly. \"Unless you have any better ideas.\" Jason glowered. \"But we've got nothing to worry about! We've got magic on our side now!\" \"I don't know.\" Adair fingered the chain that held AURYN around her neck. \"I don't really know how to use it. But they've been using magic for who knows how long.\" She felt Atreyu take her hand and squeeze it. She looked back at him, and there they were, those same unmovable black eyes. The ones that had looked to her with unwavering faith so many times before. \"Let's go.\" And so the three heroes stepped into the Castle of Nightmares. Following the torchlight through the stone entryway led them to an eerie chamber with high ceilings, lit by candlelight that hung from chandeliers. They had been led to a dining hall. A single long table stretched all the way from the entryway to the other side. Red silk curtains hung from the back of the chamber, hiding the rear of the room from their view. And seated at the head of the table was Thoth, the candlelight gleaming most wickedly off the lenses of his glasses. To his left sat Nag who leaned halfway over the table, leering at them with a crooked smile. And to Thoth's right was Fay sitting perfectly straight with a porcelain tea cup and platter in her hand. She didn't even look in their direction as she sipped her tea delicately. It was Thoth who greeted them. \"Welcome honored guests! We don't get many visitors in our forest. You will forgive our host Lord Volrac for neglecting a proper welcome, but he is otherwise engaged. Waging a war is busy work it seems. So my colleagues and I shall be playing host. You may call me Thoth, and these are my associates Nag and Fay.\" Atreyu had his bow drawn immediately. \"Skip the small talk Witch. You know why we're here. Where is my friend.\" Thoth wagged his finger at the boy. \"Tsk-tsk dear boy. Do they teach no manners in the Grasslands? No weapons at the table.\" With a wave of his hand, Atreyu's bow was ripped from his grasp. Adair gasped, and before she knew what she was doing, that warmth enveloped her again. A glow surrounded Atreyu's bow which remained suspended in mid air. Then she waved her own hand and returned it to him. Nag applauded and squealed in delight, and even Fay had glanced at them now. \"Ooooo\" Nag chided. \"You've learned some new tricks!\" Thoth lowered his hand to the table and Atreyu's bow went with it, lying motionless now. \"Let's not be too hasty Miss Artemis.\" Fay lowered her cup. \"Your magic is no match for ours.\" \"Too true m'dears, and I'm afraid your weapons will do you little good here in our domain.\" Nag rose from its seat. \"But you're welcome to try on me.\" In a sudden blur of blue and black, the creature stood an inch from Atreyu's face. \"Go on little boy. Hurt me.\" It licked its lips. Atreyu drew his blade and swung, but Nag jumped back and was suddenly back in its seat, giggling most sickeningly. Adair glowered at each of them in turn. \"Alright, you took the time to bring us here and leave Iole out in the cold.\" Thoth put on a look of exasperation. \"Gracious I wouldn't dream of bringing the White Dragon here. Have you seen her eat? She makes for one deplorable dinner guest.\" Fay rolled her eyes. \"As though Nag were any better?\" \"What do you freaks want?\" Adair shouted, and her voice echoed along the stone chamber. Thoth sighed. \"You young people. No patience.\" \"I'm getting bored too Thoth.\" Fay snapped. \"Get on with it.\" Thoth rolled his eyes. \"Very well.\" He snapped his fingers, and the red silk curtains began to stir. On their own they were drawn back to reveal what had remained hidden in the back of the room. An enormous swirling globe of water hovered in the air, blocking most of the ceiling from view. It was contained in nothing and was held by nothing, rippling and shifting freely. And yet it remained still in its perfect sphere. But its beauty was overcome by the horror of what they saw trapped inside. Atreyu gasped. \"Falkor!\" The Luckdragon's long serpentine body hung motionless in a spiral, held by an invisible force in his watery cage. But in spite of that, they saw him turn his great ruby eyes on them and smile. It was Falkor, and he was alright for the most part. \"Don't Luckdragons hate water?\" Nag gloated. \"How clumsy of us to forget.\" Thoth held his hand up again. \"Have a seat.\" They felt a forceful shove to the backs of their legs and the chamber became a blur around them. When they came to a halt, all three of them were seated at the table. Jason and Atreyu had been seated next to each other, and Adair sat across from them. They were roughly three seats away from the head of the table where the Seekers sat. Thoth continued his casual tone as though he had not just compelled them into becoming a captive audience. \"Now you three have put on a splendid show for us up until now, hurtling over every obstacle we've thrown at you. I believe congratulations are in order. So the finale of tonight's festivities, we are going to play a game, in which you shall be given a sporting chance to get what you came for.\" Adair narrowed her eyes. \"A game?\" \"Oh yes.\" Nag grinned. \"Didn't Iole tell you? We love games. Especially riddles.\" \"Quite right. A battle of wits between you three, and your hosts. Fay, care to explain how the game works?\" Fay sighed. \"Each of us will present you with a riddle in turn. You will be given as much time as you like to answer. With each correct answer you shall be moved one seat closer to us. If you reach the seat next to us, we will undo our spell and release the Luckdragon. Then you can all leave together.\" \"But be careful.\" Nag warned. \"With each wrong answer,\" it held up its claw tipped fingers and drew them tighter together. They watched in horror as Falkor's watery prison closed in ever so slightly. \"Well, you get the idea.\" Atreyu leaned forward to whisper to Adair. \"I don't like this. It's an obvious trap. We should take them head on and get Falkor out of here.\" Jason leaned in next to him. \"Weren't you listening? They're not giving us a choice. They planned this whole thing, and if we don't play by their rules, Falkor gets it.\" Atreyu glared at him. \"I'm not going to sit here and play their games while they hold my friend's life in their hands.\" \"I don't like it either.\" Adair admitted. \"But we don't have much choice right now. We'll just go along with their game for now, but keep thinking of a way out. I don't think they're going to let this end as easily as they say.\" \"We can hear you, you know.\" Fay interjected from across the room. Thoth indicated the ceiling. \"Sound travels in here after all. And I for one am utterly offended at your lack of trust Miss Artemis, after all we've done for you.\" Atreyu snarled at them. \"What do you mean 'all you've done for her'?\" Adair inwardly cringed, and slid her hand under the table, the one that bore the Circle's ring. The motion did not go amiss by Thoth who shot her a wolfish smile before returning to Atreyu. \"Why bringing her to Fantasia of course.\" \"Just shut up.\" she snapped. \"We'll play your game.\" Thoth rubbed his hands together. \"Excellent. So who would like to go first.\" Nag shot its hand up eagerly. \"Oh, oh, me! I'll go first.\" \"M'dear Nag, the floor is yours.\" Nag chuckled. \"Lucky me! Let's see. Oh I know, I'll start you off with an easy one: \" When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you gay. When old, I am valued more than ever. What am I? \" The three of them exchanged glances. It was apparent none of them had an immediate answer. Jason's eyebrows knit together in a frown. \"Uh... is it an antique?\" \"Oooo not even close.\" Nag wagged its claw at Jason. The three of them cringed as the watery cage around Falkor closed tighter again. One more wrong answer and the water would reach him and scald his skin. \"The answer was wine.\" \"I'll take all three of you!\" Atreyu shouted and attempted to rise from his seat, but Jason took hold of his wrist. \"Keep it together!\" \"Get your hands off me!\" Atreyu cursed, throwing Jason's grip. The boy was much stronger than Jason. \"How could you answer so rashly?!\" \"I'm sorry! I panicked!\" \"Guys!\" They both looked to Adair. The Circle of the Night remained quiet, apparently entertained by their suffering. She beckoned them closer. \"Atreyu relax. I think I know how to play their game now. But we need to be more careful answering these riddles Jason.\" \"I have no gift for riddles Adair.\" Atreyu admitted. \"No but we do have one thing going for us. Nag's answer was wine. Do you remember what Iole told us about Nag?\" Atreyu nodded, trying to follow her train of thought. \"That it has a lust for life, enjoys fine food and... drink.\" \"I see what you're saying.\" Jason grinned. \"Right. Their answers probably have something to do with them, about the way they think. Nag's would be something to do with life or being primal.\" Thoth applauded lightly. \"Good work Miss Artemis. You've learned how to play the game. What a clever little flower. I knew I liked you. So since you're so keen on our rules now, why don't you answer the next one. I'll give it this time. I am an iron horse with a flaxen tail. The faster I run, the shorter my tail becomes. What am I?\" She looked to her companions who had nothing to offer. Then she looked inward. Her first thought was a train, but she wouldn't call a train's tail flaxen, nor did it get shorter the faster it ran. She thought about what Iole had said about Thoth. He was someone who was driven to understand things logically. He needed to find an explanation for everything. He wouldn't even use his magic unless he could channel it through some kind of artifact, something physical that he could control and hold in his hands. He was the near opposite of Fay in that regard. From that information, she guessed his answer would likely be a machine or a tool... Then it struck her. \"A needle and thread. The needle is the horse, the thread is the tail. And when you use the needle, you use up the thread. The tail grows shorter.\" Thoth chuckled. \"Very good. Very good.\" He motioned with his fingers. They felt their chairs moving again. They were pulled away from the table, and the ones next to them slid into their places. They rotated and were seated once more, this time a seat closer to the Seekers. \"You are one step closer to your goal. But the game isn't over yet. Fay, I believe it's your turn. Why don't we give young Master Sayers a chance to redeem himself.\" Adair looked nervously to Jason. He may have botched the first riddle, but now they knew the trick to the game. From what they knew of Fay, the answer would be an emotional one. And Jason had one of the biggest hearts she knew of. Fay didn't waste time. \"This one is for Jason. \"You need one when you are young, you fear it when you are older, but you will keep one when you are grown. Of what do I speak?\" Jason answered quickly, and at first they worried he had been too reckless. But he was far more confident this time. \"A woman.\" Atreyu's eyes were wide. \"How did you come up with that?\" \"Experience.\" he answered bitterly. \"That's why they asked me. It wouldn't have worked if they asked Adair. A boy needs his mother when he's young. When he gets older he starts to get nervous around girls. But when he's grown up he'll keep one as his wife.\" \"Congratulations.\" Fay muttered the most insincere encouragements they had ever heard. Once more their chairs were rotated one seat closer to victory. \"Is it my turn again?\" Nag smiled. \"Goodie. How about a harder one this time. Atreyu, you've been awfully quiet. This one's for you. At the sound of me, men may dream Or stamp their feet At the sound of me, women may laugh Or sometimes weep.\" Atreyu glowered at first, but then grinned smugly. \"You should have given me another one. Any one of my people could answer this. The answer is music. Hardly any time goes by before my village sings the songs of our people and dances around our fires in celebration.\" \"That one was easy Nag.\" Fay admitted. \"Are you even trying?\" But Nag was unperturbed. \"You know Atreyu, I think I'd rather like to meet your tribe. They sound like my kind of people.\" The riddle was answered, and their seats were rotated forward once more. Now Adair found herself seated right next to Fay. Being this close, she couldn't ignore the sudden chill that seemed to stem from the girl. She also caught notice of that black cat-like tail swishing back and forth under her skirt. She wasn't sure if it was the cold or the unnatural tail that made her shudder. Atreyu and Jason were now seated right next to Nag who appeared to take far greater pleasure in their proximity than they did. It even reached over and tugged at Atreyu's dark hair, rubbing it between its claws before the boy swatted its hand away. \"Well my guests, it seems you've nearly made it.\" Thoth gloated. \"Nearly made it?\" Atreyu asked indignantly. \"You gave us your word that when we reached you, you would let Falkor go!\" \"That I did. And you have reached us. So now you are faced with one final riddle, one that none have been able to answer. But answer it you must. And if you do, then freedom is yours.\" He reached his hand out toward the end of the dining hall through the door where they had come in. On their own, the great double doors swung open to the entry hall. And just beyond them, the heavy iron doors to the castle were opening. The Forest of Thorns lay beyond them, but even that was a welcome sight if it meant leaving this castle with their friend. \"Fay m'dear, if you would do the honors?\" Fay set her cup down. \"The final riddle is simple, and any of you are free to answer.\" She turned her glass-like blue eyes on all three of them in turn, coming to rest at last on Adair. She could feel that chill again. \"What is the Strongest Magic?\" Adair was confused. She had to know what Iole had told them. They'd already been given the answer. The riddle had come from Fay who Iole had explained was obsessed with matters of the heart. Despite her dark and twisted nature, she believed adamantly that love was the most powerful magic there is. Whether Adair believed this herself she wasn't sure. She knew little about love and even less about magic. It seemed too simple. Her fingers slid casually over AURYN. She didn't even notice at first. But the moment she touched it, an image flashed into her mind. It was of Mr. Huffman, her chemistry teacher. At first she wondered why the Gem had shown her such a thing. Then she remembered something Mr. Huffman had taught her on the first day of the school year. That was when she realized why the riddle seemed so simple. It was a trap. \"Before I answer, let me ask you a question. You three like to experiment right? Like mad scientists?\" \"Some may say mad.\" Thoth admitted. \"We say visionary.\" Adair glowered. \"I was just thinking about something I learned in my science class about the scientific method. When a scientist forms a hypothesis, they plan an experiment to prove it. But until it's proven, a theory can't be accepted as fact. Isn't that right?\" \"You've been taught well.\" His smugness made her want to punch that arrogant grin off his face. \"Iole told us what Fay believes is the Strongest Magic. But she also said you're experimenting on it. That means you two don't agree, and that means you're still testing it. You haven't found the Strongest Magic yet. There is no answer to your riddle. You just made it up so we would lose.\" Atreyu and Jason were already reaching for their swords. Thoth looked to Fay who simply shrugged. \"The cat's out of the bag.\" she said as she reached toward the entrance. With a flick of her wrist, the doors slammed shut once more. Atreyu was out of his chair first. He leaped like a cat onto the table, kicking over the platters. With sword in hand he leaped for Fay, ready to bring his blade down on her. Fay didn't move, didn't even blink. But before Atreyu could strike, a searing red heat filled the room. A scarlet wave of light burst from where Fay was seated and threw Atreyu back. He flew through the air as limp as a doll and landed hard on the stone floor. \"You really should watch your temper dear boy, especially around Fay.\" Thoth wagged his finger. \"Magic of the heart, or rather emotion is her specialty. Any anger directed at her becomes a dangerous spell.\" Before Atreyu could get to his feet, Nag was on top of him, taking a firm grip on his wrist and twisting it behind his back. Adair bolted out of her seat so quickly she knocked her chair over. \"Let him go!\" The same light that had burst from her earlier blasted from her hands now. Nag shrieked as it was thrown into the air and slammed against the wall. Thoth sighed, barely affected by the heightened situation. \"Children. Have you so soon forgotten your Luckdragon friend?\" He waved his hand behind him, and they could hear the watery cage start to close in again. Now it was Jason's turn to act. \"Not so fast!\" With his black sword he swung for Thoth who took a leisurely step back. \"Oh my I was wondering when that little beauty of mine would turn up.\" he said as he dodged another of Jason's swings. \"Crafted it myself you know. Marvelous thing Luck Magic isn't it? With a little luck, even a clumsy oaf like you can learn to wield a sword. But as you can see there are limits.\" Every swing Jason made was missing, and he was swinging wildly. Thoth was dodging effortlessly. He didn't lose any breath as he spoke. He was even keeping his hands folded behind his back. \"It relies on probability you see. The lower the probability the higher your luck. But you see, the greater the probability of success, the less effective your efforts become. Much like a showman, Luck Magic is at its finest when there are miracles to preform. Quite counter-productive wouldn't you agree? Now if I were to use my magic against you, you'd be well out of your league, but that would only make you all the luckier. As it stands however, you're attacking an unarmed man who has no intention of fighting back.\" Another swing for his midriff saw Thoth spinning into the air. Jason's jaw dropped as he landed perfectly balanced on the tip of his sword. The Witch stood there gloating over the rims of his glasses. \"At least not until your luck runs out.\" Now Atreyu and Adair would have gladly come to Jason's aid if they hadn't problems of their own. Before Atreyu could come to the rescue, Nag was back on its feet. With nimble grace it flipped over him and landed directly in front of him. Atreyu swung his sword for the creature, but Nag was very light on its feet. It jumped back with a shrill laugh. It knelt down on all fours, and before Atreyu's eyes, the stone floor beneath them began to ripple like water. It crept up Nag's tattooed arms all the way to its elbows. Then it slithered up its ankles. Nag stood upright again, and the stone continued to swirl until it formed long spikes on both of Nag's hands, and even the ends of its feet. It spun like a top on the end of its now pointed foot, its blades whirling dangerously. Atreyu needed all of his speed just to avoid being sliced to ribbons, because Nag could now attack from four directions at once. Adair had no shortage of troubles herself. She had attempted to call on her power again, but just as soon as that gold light left her hand, it bounced back as though it had struck a wall. Then it returned and knocked her several feet backwards. Fay was on her feet and her cold eyes were on her. \"You direct your attacks with your anger. No matter how powerful you become, so long as your magic comes from your emotions I can control it.\" Adair glowered. She was the one she had most wanted some payback against. And now she had the means to get it. She let her power fill every fiber of her being again and focused all her will on one thing: how badly she wanted to see Fay slam into that table. A ball of light shot from her hands, hissing and sparking electrically. It flew towards Fay, but was just as quickly tossed aside with a wave of the Witch's hand. But it didn't come back on her this time. Fay's control over her anger wasn't as absolute as she had claimed. Adair was hurling more balls of light, each one faster than the last, and each one Fay redirected. Meanwhile Jason continued his fruitless struggle against Thoth. He was quickly running out of breath. Another thrust, another miss, and this time he nearly toppled over. Thoth grinned. This was the chance he had waited for. Jason tried to pull back, but a glimmering something had seized his sword by the blade. He followed it with his eyes and found that it was a steel cable with metal pincers on the end. The cable was emerging from the under the cuff of Thoth's sleeve, and it was not alone. Three more were coming out. Like a nest of serpents they latched themselves onto the blade. Jason tugged, but suddenly felt his feet go out from under him. More cables had come out from Thoth's other sleeve, and these ones had seized his limbs, hoisting him by his jeans and his shirt. They pulled furiously at him, and with little effort they pried the sword from his grasp. Jason instantly felt something leave him. \"You poor boy.\" Thoth sneered as he used his mechanical appendages to hoist Jason higher. \"Looks like your luck has run out.\" Adair could see her friend being hoisted high and for a moment her eyes went wide in panic. She took one step towards him, but her other foot wouldn't move. She looked back down at her feet and gasped. Her left foot was encased in ice. Worse yet, the ice was spreading. The cold shot through her as it took hold of her other foot. Now it was crawling up her legs. In a few more seconds she would be completely frozen. That one moment where she ceased her attack, forgot her anger, and gave into fear was all Fay needed to claim the advantage. \"What you know about magic could fit into a thimble.\" Fay almost sounded disappointed. \"I don't need your anger. I can use your fear too.\" Adair could feel herself starting to shut down. She knew this feeling, this feeling of helplessness and panic. Her breathing was growing rapid and shallow. She used all her will to steel herself. She needed to calm down. She needed to think. But her thoughts were consumed not only by her danger, but her friends'. Jason was being swung back and forth, poked and prodded by Thoth's machinations. She could hear Atreyu calling her name, but any attempt to move for her was blocked by Nag who was gaining in speed, almost as if its earlier efforts had been mere play. And Falkor watched her with pleading eyes from behind that wall of water. Water! A new feeling was spreading through her now. It wasn't fear or anger. What she felt now was excitement. She'd just been given an idea, and with pure thought she could put it to action. The ice that had now reached the middle of her waist slid down. Fay watched curiously as she freed herself. With her feet freed, Adair focused her thoughts on the remaining ice and transformed it. A wave of cold carried the ice further away from her. It washed across the floor and began to slide up over the watery prison that held Falkor. With a chorus of cracking the water around him froze completely. Then she flung another ball of light from her hand. With a resounding crack that shook the whole chamber, the ice shattered. Falkor was free, and he was livid. In a streak of white he shot past Thoth, snapping those awful cables in his jaws and freeing Jason who quickly retrieved his sword. Then the Luckdragon collided heavily into Nag who rolled along the ground with such force that its stone weapons crumbled away. The creature shrieked and sped away on all fours, scaling the wall like a squirrel and even scurrying along the ceiling in a mad attempt to escape the Luckdragon's jaws. Then Falkor turned his mighty head and opened his great maw. A jet of blue flames shot from his mouth at Fay. The Witch held up her porcelain white hand, and the fire curved around her, but she squinted against the heat. The fire was not letting up. \"ENOUGH!\" The new voice called the attention of every head in the room. One look at his burning yellow-green eyes sent a new wave of terror all over Adair. \"Volrac!\" Atreyu growled. The tall wolf-man clad in black armor stood as tall and menacing as any child's nightmare would. He looked even more disheveled than the last time they had seen him. His long black hair was caked with dust, as was his long black cloak and black plate armor. His boots were plated over with mud. He snarled and bared his fangs savagely. His blazing eyes swept the scene and came to rest on Jason. \"Another human in Fantasia? How desperate has Moon Child become?\" His eyes came to rest again on Adair. \"Was this your doing, Mirror of the Empress?\" She could say nothing, think nothing, feel nothing with this monster standing in front of her with that face that had haunted her nightmares for so many years. \"I warned you when you stood before me in the Ivory Tower what lay ahead for Fantasia. You may have defied me there, but you have sealed your fates by entering my domain. This castle, this forest, it is all tied to my will. Now you will all perish here, and any vain hope Moon Child has of stopping me will die with you!\" Volrac did not move an inch, but suddenly everything shook. Adair screamed as the floor cracked open and long thorny vines shot through the openings. They writhed and swung, reaching for her, reaching for Jason, Atreyu, and Falkor. They knocked over the chairs, tore through the walls, and sundered the long table in half. But Volrac and the Seekers remained untouched. Falkor acted quickly, and moved with incredible swiftness for one his size. Adair didn't feel herself being gathered up, but suddenly she found herself on his soft furred back, Atreyu and Jason behind her. \"Hang tight!\" he called in that bellowing musical voice that she had grown to miss. They rocketed upward towards the great stone ceiling. Adair screamed again and shielded herself, burying her face in his fur. With a mighty crash they burst through the roof of the castle. But the entire forest was moving. The vines were shooting into the air all around them, trying to close a cage over them. The vines reached high above them. The opening between them was getting smaller and smaller. \"Hold on!\" Falkor called again. They weren't going to make it. Adair was sure of that. She closed her eyes and braced for the scraping of thorns against her flesh. But when she was met instead with the rush of free air she opened her eyes. She laughed in surprise and Jason cheered. They had cleared it, and now they were leaving the Forest of Thorns far below them. \"That will show them.\" Atreyu hugged his old friend tightly. \"I've missed you Falkor!\" \"And I you old friend.\" As he flew he turned his great lion head to look at them with those glittering ruby eyes they had feared they'd never see again. \"And who's this? Another human has come to Fantasia?\" Jason appeared at a loss for words. \"Uh... 'sup Falkor.\" Falkor's eyes lit up. \"I know that voice! So it was you who saved us that last time. Seems we've found a handy new ally. And how have you been Adair?\" Adair breathed her first sigh of relief in days. \"Better now that you're here.\" She looked back down at the forest, which even now seemed to be roiling like boiling water below them, trying to snatch what was now beyond its reach. \"That was close Falkor.\" \"Not at all.\" he laughed. \"I knew we'd make it. With friends like you three, I'm the luckiest dragon in all of Fantasia.\" Bastian sighed with no small amount of relief. \"My word, how this book still gets to me.\" he said to no one in particular. It was a wonder any of his fingernails remained with how furiously he'd bitten them reading this last chapter. He certainly didn't recall any of his adventures in Fantasia being quite so violent. Of course there had been that battle at the Ivory Tower, but that was a time he preferred not to remember; the time he had used his own sword against his friend. And it seemed Atreyu still carried the scar he had left, both on his body and on his heart. \"Oh my dear friend Atreyu. Have you carried that guilt around all this time? If you only knew.\" The old man felt a tear escape from his eye. He brushed it away and went on reading. Nag's blue furred ears twitched as it stretched its hearing as far as it could go. \"They're out of range my lord.\" Volrac sneered. \"It no longer matters. I finally have what I need. Now not even Moon Child can stand in my way.\" \"I take it you found it then?\" Thoth asked. Volrac reached into the folds of his black cloak and pulled out a bundle of cloth tightly wrapped with cord. \"It was right where you said it would be. We now have the final piece.\"[Chapter 14] Chapter 13: The Weight of Leadership Many thousands of Fantasians had ventured into the Forest of Thorns since it first appeared. Some had been lured by Volrac's promise of a new Fantasia no longer bound to Moon Child, others were poor souls who had lost their way in it, trapped in the waking nightmares it showed them. None who ventured in had ever left, at least not without the permission of those who ruled it whether Volrac himself or the three Witches who had crafted it for him. But that was no longer true, for on the back of a Luckdragon our heroes had escaped the Forest of Thorns and its wicked king, but only just. \"They totally schooled us.\" Jason said sourly with his arms folded. He'd grown used to riding on Falkor's back over the clouds, absentmindedly watching the lush forests and plains of Fantasia pass below him. \"Are the schools in the human world really that terrible?\" Atreyu asked with some wonder. \"No you dope!\" Atreyu frowned. \"Oh. Is this one of those expressions Adair's been trying to teach me?\" Jason sighed in frustration. \"Just forget it. I mean they were way out our league! How are we supposed to fight something like that? And don't say 'with luck' Falkor!\" Falkor chuckled. \"Alright I won't.\" Atreyu nodded. \"I see your point Jason. But we shouldn't give up. I've fought Creatures of Darkness before. If we keep faith we'll find a way.\" \"You mean like you did in the forest?\" the other boy said with venom. In his mind, Atreyu was the last person to give advice on not giving up. Atreyu wasn't entirely sure what Jason was referring to. \"What do you mean?\" Jason decided the issue wasn't worth pressing. \"Never mind.\" Atreyu nodded and returned to watching the skies. He didn't know why Jason had shown such hostility toward him thus far. As Adair's best friend, and as an eager warrior he held Jason in high esteem. That aside, there was merit in his words. Their encounter with the Circle of the Night had left them shaken. The way the Witches had trapped them, toyed with them, and then unleashed dark magic so freely as though it were all one long game. They took to battle and the pain it caused like children took to skipping stones across a river. He'd been powerless against Nag's primal magic of water, air, and stone, its unnatural speed and agility, and its ferocity was fiercer than any predator he had ever hunted. Thoth's machinations had nearly torn Jason limb from limb, and who knew how many other infernal devices he had up his sleeve that they had not yet seen. And Fay had proven the most difficult foe of all, turning their own anger, their fear, their sorrow, anything they felt on them. If caught off their guard, their very hearts could be used as weapons against them. But Volrac was by far the worst. It had been as though the entire nightmarish forest had been a part of him. His powers were growing and if they didn't put a stop to him soon, Atreyu feared that his darkness would cover all of Fantasia before the Childlike Empress had a chance to put things right. More than anything Atreyu feared that Gaya's warning would come true, that Volrac could indeed replace Moon Child as the heart of Fantasia. It was a vision he did not relish. Adair had not spoken much since their escape. This was because not five minutes after they had left the Forest of Thorns behind them, she had fallen fast asleep. These new powers of hers AURYN had granted were physically and mentally draining. They were after all powered by her heart, something she had kept locked away for such a long time. It would take practice to master it, much like rebuilding a muscle you have injured. And she was about to find that she still had much to learn about the magic that had grown inside her. As it's been said before, her powers came from her heart, and in sleep her feelings had no focus. They were free to wander as they pleased in her mind, but still they were guided by the wish that had spawned them; her wish to help Atreyu on his quest. As she slept she dreamed. In her dream she heard a voice, a sweet musical voice that spoke in rhyme. \"In glittering armor they rode into the fray, their silver swords shone bright as day. Strong in arm and fleet of foot, their skill and strength could withstand all, But in their hearts was their downfall. Without hearts of gold they were incomplete, and by this weakness they met defeat. And so these warriors three went separate ways rode off into the light of day, and searched for new strength to light their way.\" She awoke slowly, trying to remember exactly what she'd heard. She'd never had dreams speak to her in that way before. If they weren't nightmares, her dreams were usually silly and made no sense. Assuming this was one of those she dismissed it and didn't think on it further until later. \"Good you're awake.\" It was Atreyu, keeping his steady dark eyes ahead of them on the landscape. \"Are we still heading in the right direction?\" He was referring to her earlier declaration that they should head west. She wasn't sure why she felt they should, but she was learning to trust her feelings more, and Atreyu heeded her as always. \"Are you alright?\" Jason asked. \"You've been asleep for a few hours now.\" \"I'm fine. I just needed a breather.\" She looked out over the land. They had reached a more mountainous region than the one they had left behind. And just over the first mountain line was a valley full of trees covered in purple blossoms. Just above this beautiful valley, on a ridge that overlooked it was a tall tower of stone. It looked like it had once been an outpost, but was now little more than a ruin. In fact it had once been the sight of a great battle where two feuding tribes of elves had nearly fought to the death until the princess of the first tribe and the prince of the second who had fallen in love threw themselves between the front lines. But that is another story and shall be told another time. At that moment Adair was following that first instinct she'd received to land in that ruined watch tower. As they neared they could see a plume of gray smoke coming from the outer balcony. \"What's that?\" Jason asked, squinting to see where the smoke was coming from. When they drew closer they could see it was coming from a small campfire. And sitting next to the campfire was a familiar face. \"It's Iole!\" Atreyu called. \"Iole?\" Adair looked over his shoulder and saw for herself it was true. \"How did she escape?\" Jason rolled his eyes. \"Dragons.\" \"Land there Falkor.\" Atreyu said in a low voice. \"She owes us some answers.\" He was referring of course to the last time they had looked to their companion for aid against two dangerous enemies and had been shocked by her refusal to take part. Iole had stood and watched as the Seekers' allies, the Knight of the Burning Dawn and the Lady of the Evening Star had engaged them in battle. It was a betrayal he did not take lightly no matter her reasons. The Plains Warriors were a strong and loyal people. Falkor hovered at the base of a stone staircase that wound around the outside of the tower. \"You three go on.\" he said. \"No offense to this friend of yours, but I haven't flown for weeks now. I'd just as soon never touch the ground again.\" Adair hugged the crown of his head before letting Atreyu help her off. \"I'm glad you're back.\" \"I'm glad to be back Adair.\" And with that he took off, letting them climb the stairs of the ruins. As they passed through the first archway that led to the inside of the structure, Atreyu stopped. \"Oh no.\" \"What is it?\" \"This is where an elven prince and princess from enemy tribes used to meet in secret. They sang to each other here. It's how elves show their love.\" He paused. He sounded deeply troubled. \"And?\" Jason prodded. \"The legend says that after they died, their love was so strong that their spirits continued to sing here. Listen.\" There was silence all threw the decaying stone hall. Nothing more. \"I don't hear anything.\" Adair admitted. \"Stories are fading from Fantasia. Volrac's evil is poisoning it. If we don't stop him soon, every tale in the Neverending Story will end. And when that happens, your kind will no longer dream.\" \"What about Fantasia? What happens to you?\" \"If we don't fade like the rest of the stories, we live in a Fantasia that's not Fantasia anymore.\" His gaze hardened. \"I'd rather fade away.\" He looked away from her then. His shoulders were set like his gaze, but she could feel something different in him, something she never thought she would see in him. He was trembling. He stood straight and tall enough, but his knees were shaking. She felt her fingers reaching for him. She wanted to put a hand on his shoulder. But she didn't. She didn't know why. The impulse was there, the feeling was there but she didn't act on it. For the first time in the longest time she could remember she wanted to offer comfort to someone else and she couldn't do it. Jason cleared his throat awkwardly. \"Well we're not going to get any closer to saving Fantasia down here. Iole's waiting.\" \"Well it took you three long enough.\" Iole didn't even look up from her fire where she had yet another animal spitted for roasting. It was impossible for Adair to think that this woman had once been her finicky cat. She seemed capable of eating her weight in meat. \"Make it here in one piece?\" \"No thanks to you.\" Atreyu spat, pulling his bow from his back and notching an arrow to its string. \"Atreyu don't!\" Adair moved to stay his hand, but his arms may as well have been oak. His aim wouldn't waver even when she tried to pull it down. Iole sighed and got to her feet, turning around slowly. But her stance was hardly one of surrender. \"I don't want to fight you.\" \"Listen to her dude.\" Jason said but with no conviction. It almost sounded like he wanted Atreyu to try. \"Are we really going to ignore what she did?\" \"Do you want to fight a Dragon?\" Jason asked. \"Feel free, but I'm not at that level yet.\" Iole shook her head. \"Put it away junior. I couldn't fight you if I wanted to, and as I said I don't.\" The young hunter looked to Adair. \"Well?\" Adair looked back to Iole. Whatever her claims, she still didn't completely trust her. \"I don't want to fight you either. But he's right. You owe us some answers.\" \"Then make them quick because we have bigger problems to deal with.\" \"Will you be truthful?\" Atreyu demanded. \"I have no reason to lie. I'll answer any questions you have, but I will only tell you what you need to hear. That's not something you get to decide.\" Atreyu looked to Adair again, and only at her consent did he lower his bow. Adair nodded. \"Who are you really?\" \"I'm Iole, and as I said before I'm a Dragon.\" \"Are you here to help us?\" \"I'm here to take out the Seekers, and remove their influence from this world before it throws its growth off course. Beyond that I can't help you.\" \"Can't or won't?\" Atreyu asked. \"Doesn't matter. All you need to know is that beyond Nag, Thoth, Fay, demons, and anyone connected to them by magic, you're on your own.\" Atreyu was asking the questions now, and he was very direct. \"You said this was your mission. Who gave it to you?\" Iole smile was a mysterious wisp across her face. \"You don't need to know.\" \"That's not good enough.\" \"Fine, how about this.\" Iole consented, but her next answer was even less satisfying than the first. \"When I say you don't need to know, what I mean is that it's not something you're ready for.\" \"And who decides what we're ready for?\" \"You don't need to know.\" she replied flatly. Atreyu looked ready to object, but now Jason had a question of his own. \"How did you escape the forest?\" \"Same way you did. I flew. After I saw Falkor taking off I figured there was no point in staying. The Seekers won't stay in one place very long now that they know I'm here.\" \"That's not what I meant. We were all shown our worst fears. We only barely made it out because Dawn and Star found us. Did you see anything?\" Iole was silent for a while. \"No I didn't.\" Despite her earlier promise to answer truthfully, this was the one and only time Iole would ever lie to them. She had indeed been confronted by a vision of her own in the Forest of Thorns. Within the spell of the forest she had been shown the person she both loved and feared more than any other. But that is another story and shall be told another time. She did not let the questions continue. \"Now if you're finished, we have a much bigger problem.\" \"And by 'we' you just mean us right?\" Jason remarked sarcastically. Iole grinned. \"I knew I liked you.\" Jason did a mock bow. \"Well what did you need to tell us, oh Dungeon Master?\" She held out her hand. \"Atreyu come here. There's something I want to show you.\" The boy stepped forward slowly, setting his bow on the ground. He reached cautiously and placed his own hand in her outstretched palm. The second her fingers clasped around his, Adair saw a flash of white, and then she wasn't in the ruined tower anymore. What Iole had wanted to show, she had meant only for Atreyu. But her powers were growing, as was her connection to Atreyu and his quest. Now both of them could see everything. They were flying over the Forest of Thorns again, but with the speed and tenacity of Iole's wings. They flew past the Castle of Nightmares, past the boundaries of the forest itself. It was here that they learned the forest was much bigger than they had thought. It wasn't just one region, it was a barrier between the rest of Fantasia and a barren wasteland. Nothing was growing on that ground that the Forest of Thorns surrounded. It was covered in midnight black sand that stretched across the land as far as the eye could see. And littered across it in no set pattern were fires. Around each fire were roving bands of the Creatures of Darkness. Some were frightening like the Night Hobs, the Goblins, the Gargoyles, and the wolf men. Others were beautiful and alluring; dark haired sorceresses with long fingers, pale vampires, singing sirens with waves of gold hair, and knights clad in black armor. She could see other Fantasians standing apart from them. They weren't dark creatures at all, but nevertheless they were there. They looked about nervously as if they expected the others to become hostile at any moment. Still they had their own fires and camps. She even saw Dawn and Star standing apart from everyone else with their noses upturned at the gathering. They were not prisoners. They were allies. But there was worse than the Creatures of Darkness, there were demons as well. For the first time Adair understood the difference between the two. Atreyu had said they felt different and wrong, and she could see now what he meant. She had seen strange things in Fantasia before, like the people whose heads were actually feet, and others like Chember who were true horrors. But they were unmistakably Fantasian. They were the dreams of mankind brought to life, and because of that each one had a spark of that human life in them. Somebody somewhere had a connection to them, even if that spark had become warped like Chember or Shadeseeker. These demons had no such spark. They looked as though they had been made from spare parts. Their eyes were either burning red with rage, hollow and gray with sadness, yellow with fear, or completely black with hate. But they did not feel this anger or hate themselves. They were hatred, envy, sorrow, and all the worst bits of the world covered in moving shells. They were twisted and corrupted and wrong. There was no other word for what they were. They were just wrong. Not alive, but not even dead. They were just wrong. They were pouring out of this swirling darkness in the center of the black desert. At first she thought it was a lake, but it was not water. It was a hole that led into an abyss so black that it looked like water. Shadows were rolling out of it in waves and the demons rode on it. Suddenly there was a light in the hole, or at least something other than the darkness. The sight made Adair grow cold all over. It was a pair of eyes. They were slitted and the color of fire. And in those eyes was all the hate, all the sadness, all the things that were wrong in this world, in every world. It was all in those eyes. Adair screamed and found herself back in the ruins. Jason was shaking her by the shoulder. \"What's wrong? What did you see?\" She couldn't speak at first. Though Iole had stopped showing them the horrible vision, she could still see those eyes. Atreyu staggered backwards and rubbed his forehead as though he were trying to soothe a raging headache. \"What was that?\" \"What Volrac's been up to for the last ten years.\" Adair wanted to be sick. \"That was Volrac's army?\" \"I've never seen so many Creatures of Darkness in one place before.\" \"What was it?\" Jason asked, taking Adair by both shoulders now. She didn't realize it, but she was grasping his arms tightly. \"Demons. Thousands of demons. They were all coming out of this hole in the ground... but it wasn't really a hole. It was like some kind of gateway.\" \"A gate to the darkness between worlds.\" Iole explained. \"And there were these eyes, these horrible eyes.\" \"I saw them too.\" Atreyu nodded. \"What was that?\" Iole didn't answer. \"Iole, I think I've met a demon before. It was long before any of this happened when the Nothing was consuming our world. It was a wolf named Gmork. He claimed he was a creature with no world. Can demons speak?\" \"Some can.\" \"He said he was ordered to help the Nothing destroy Fantasia by something he called the Manipulators. He said they wanted to control the human world. Is that what we saw in that gate?\" Iole considered it for a moment. \"Sure. That should work for now. But it wants more than this world and the human world. It wants every world. And every world it takes becomes as dark as what you just saw. That's what The Circle of the Night really serves. Volrac may think he's in control, but if he wins then Fantasia won't belong to him even if he sits on the throne. He's nothing more than that Manipulator's puppet.\" \"So we're up against an army of demons being led by a trio of Witches, the King of Nightmares, and some kind of evil god?\" Jason asked. \"No pressure.\" \"It gets worse.\" Iole explained nonchalantly. Adair shook her head. \"How does it get worse?\" \"I captured one of their commanders, one of the sorceresses from the Dead Mountains. I learned what they're planning. They're mounting an assault on the Ivory Tower.\" The silence that hung in the air was heavy and full of dread as the three of them absorbed it. The dark force they had just learned of was preparing an attack on the heart of Fantasia itself. \"When?\" Adair asked. \"Atreyu?\" Iole redirected her question. \"Based on what you saw, how long do you think we have?\" \"If they started moving against the tower now, it would take them a few weeks to reach it. The wishes of those who would protect the tower would make a barrier for them, lengthen the distance of the journey, but with a force that large it would only be a matter of time before their own dark wishes let them break through.\" There was desperation in his voice as he counted down the time until Volrac would make his move, and even a bit of hopelessness. Iole had not offered an encouraging sight. Iole lifted her gaze skyward and sniffed the air. She made a disgusted face and covered her nose. \"What is it?\" \"Something on the wind.\" she replied. \"And it wreaks of demons.\" \"ATREYU!\" It was Falkor. With the last of the sun's light they could see him flying towards them over the horizon. He'd gone farther than they'd thought, but he was coming in fast now. And behind him there were dozens of black shapes with beating wings. At first Adair feared they had been found by more demons, but then she saw the way the light glimmered off the armor of those who rode behind Falkor. The winged shapes were giant eagles, and their riders were the knights of General Heremoor. The guard of the Ivory Tower had come to meet them. After the Knights landed and set up camp in the ruins of the tower, along with their fairy companions, there had been quite a commotion, starting of course with Jason's arrival. A human in Fantasia had never failed to create a stir, but two humans was something that had never happened before as far as any of them could recall. But the good news of such a rare happening could not lift their spirits when Adair and the others gave the news of what Iole had learned in the Forest of Thorns. Now Heremoor's knights were no cowards and had fought scores of these demons already. It was why Iole had caught the foul demonic scent from them when they arrived. That these brave warriors were disheartened by the news was a testament of how grave the situation was. The only comfort any of them seemed to find was in seeing each other again, particularly Heremoor and Octavia. Heremoor had been overjoyed to find them safe and sound, and Octavia had greeted Adair as sweetly as an old friend. The two of them had taken seats around Iole's fire while the others of their entourage had set up camp. \"Adair, it's good to see you again.\" the fairy took her hand in both of hers which were barely the size of her palm. \"And you look simply elegant! These new clothes suit you.\" She eyed Adair's tunic up and down. \"Meleah?\" \"Yeah, she made it.\" Adair had become very grateful of the nature spirit's kindness and skill in fashioning her tunic. She had been through harsh conditions by now and been weathered and beaten down in her travels, but there had not been so much as a tear in the fabric. \"Her skill is unmatched.\" Octavia admitted. \"And I can see other changes as well. You seem a little more... well more than you were when I saw you last.\" Adair chuckled nervously. \"I hope by that you mean I've gotten taller.\" In spite of everything she'd gone through today, Adair was happy to see Octavia again. \"Some fine new comrades in arms you've found Atreyu.\" Heremoor said proudly of Jason and Iole. \"There's no hiding that look in your eye Miss. I know a veteran of battle when I see one. And you human, I can see it in your eyes, such fire, such passion, the passion of youth! Surely the creatures of darkness tremble before such a hero.\" To this Jason had blushed and rubbed the back of his head nervously. \"I don't know about that. I'm still a rookie in the hero business.\" \"Nonsense! The marks of swordsmanship are plain on your body my boy! I would be honored to have such a swordsman at my side in the coming battle!\" In spite of the frightful news of Volrac's army, and the substantial lowering in morale it brought on his men, the General seemed as animated and zealous as ever. \"General,\" Octavia scolded. \"Perhaps we shouldn't speak of the battle so lightly. We've been given much to consider. After all, our recent battles have not gone so well.\" \"What do you mean?\" Atreyu asked. Heremoor frowned. \"I'm afraid we're no closer to discovering the secrets of destroying these demons. They are all so varied in their evil that it's difficult to decide on a strategy against them. I've even seen one grow back its head after I lopped it off. Fire can harm them as you said, and we've also discovered that when we eliminate the one who controls them, they scatter. But I'm afraid scattering them is all we've been able to do.\" \"But they must have some weakness.\" Octavia surmised. \"Iole's been teaching us how to deal with them.\" Heremoor's emerald green eyes lit up. \"You, Miss? A demon slayer? How is it done?\" Iole hadn't stopped eating the entire conversation and only now took the time to speak with a mouth full of juicy meat. It was a little disturbing watching her eat. \"Fire, magic, and silver. Silver weapons are the easiest way to slay a demon.\" \"Why didn't you tell us this before?\" Atreyu demanded. \"You never asked.\" Heremoor laughed and gave her a hearty slap on the back. \"Now you I like, so direct, so to the point.\" Jason sighed. \"Only when she's eating.\" The talk seemed to die down after that. Adair kept her eyes on the floor. She hadn't spoken much since the arrival of the knights and the fairies. She still couldn't shake that horrid image of the black desert and the hoard of demons. She wasn't the only one. She could feel it all around the camp. The Knights were worried. Even Heremoor she felt was only putting on an act for the sake of his men. Or perhaps he really enjoyed battle as much as he claimed. Another thing she couldn't seem to shake was the feeling that everyone in the camp was watching her. It was like they were waiting for her to do something. Perhaps she was imagining it. \"So what are your plans now Adair?\" It was Octavia. The question caught her off guard. She didn't know what she was doing next anymore than they did. She looked to Atreyu. He sensed her unvoiced request. \"Adair is still traveling the way of wishes. She came to Fantasia to find something, we intend to keep looking until she does.\" \"Yes of course.\" Heremoor nodded. \"But I think Milady Octavia meant as far as the upcoming battle. How do you intend to lead us?\" \"What?\" Both Adair and Jason cried in unison. Now she knew she wasn't imagining it. Everyone in the camp had fallen silent, and all eyes were on her. \"But of course!\" Heremoor said in his booming jovial voice like nothing had changed. \"When Fantasia has been threatened, a human always comes to save us. You appeared to us in our hour of greatest need. AURYN hangs from your neck, proving that you have been chosen by our Childlike Empress! Who better to lead us? I'm sure Atreyu's told you as much!\" Atreyu looked embarassed and unsure of what to say. \"General I never said...\" \"Nonsense! Adair's a natural leader! Knew it the moment I met her!\" \"General!\" Octavia fluttered directly in front of his face. \"Chosen by Moon Child or not, it is still Adair's choice, not yours!\" Heremoor sputtered a little and spoke in a chastened voice. \"You're right Milady, how foolish of me. Well Adair? What do you choose?\" She didn't know what to say. She felt sweat pooling in her clenched fists and felt a dizziness wash over her. Everywhere she turned she saw eyes on her. She could feel them watching her, expecting her to say something. But what could she say? She was sure if she stayed here much longer she was going to be sick. She got up and without a word she left the camp and climbed the stone steps to the upper floor of the tower. \"Well done General.\" Octavia spat. \"I assumed she knew.\" \"Is that true?\" Jason asked with narrowed eyes centered on Atreyu. \"About you expecting her to lead them in some epic battle?\" \"I didn't know it would come to this. Everyone's journey in Fantasia is different. But it may be what she's meant to do.\" \"Are you insane?!\" Atreyu's gaze hardened. \"You don't believe she can? She's your friend. Don't you have faith in her?\" \"Whether she can or not isn't the issue! I believe she can do a lot of things. I believe she'd be a great dancer if she wanted to learn, but she doesn't! She hates dancing! What if she doesn't want to be your savior?\" \"Then we're lost.\" Atreyu replied. \"And you don't think that's a lot of pressure to put on her?\" \"Whether it is or not, if she doesn't then it won't matter. Both our worlds will die.\" Perhaps more than anything else, it was Atreyu's calm as he spoke that irked Jason the most. \"You're a jerk.\" At this, Atreyu had the nerve to look confused. \"What about you? Why are you here Jason?\" Jason wasn't sure what this had to do with anything. \"I'm here because Adair wished for me remember?\" \"But she couldn't have pulled you through unless you wanted to come. Why did you want to come here if you don't care about our fight?\" \"I never said that!\" he shot defensively. \"I know how important dreams are. I just don't see why Adair has to be stuck right in the middle of it!\" \"You care about her a lot. Then you need to have faith in her. She can do this, and she will make the right choice.\" The other boy's self righteousness was infuriating. Jason didn't want to argue anymore. He just sat back down and folded his arms defiantly. \"That doesn't mean I have to like it.\" Meanwhile, on the top floor of the tower away from the camp and the talk and the speculation about her, Adair sat on the edge of a ruined window. She could see the balcony and the camp from here and even though she was far away she still imagined all those eyes on her. So much had happened to her since she'd come here; meeting Atreyu, learning that Volrac was her parents' killer, Iole showing who she truly was, discovering herself to be the mirror of the Childlike Empress, and learning that everything that had happened to her up until now had been engineered by those freaks that called themselves The Circle of the Night. She didn't even want to think what kind of implications that held for her personal life. She wasn't the same fragile girl she'd been when she first landed in Fantasia, she knew that. But just as much as she felt herself growing, she felt the journey was taking from her as well. She knew she was losing her memories one by one with each wish she made. She didn't know what they were, but why would she if she'd forgotten? And now this. Scores of Fantasians down there, and thousands more who were scared out of their minds were looking to her to save them. It seemed like everything in her life had been pushing her towards a destiny she didn't want. Or at least she didn't think she did. Did she? She held her hand in front of her. Magical light burst from her palm and pulsated there. She had wished for this power. Not specifically, but it was her wish to help Atreyu with his quest that had given it to her. \"I want to help, but I never asked to lead.\" she muttered. \"Few ever do.\" she jumped at the sound. His voice was so low and serious she didn't recognize it at first. General Heremoor stared at her contemplatively, still clad from head to toe in his bright silver plate-mail. His emerald green eyes lingered over the glow in her hand. \"Might I join you Miss Artemis?\" \"If you stop calling me that. Adair is just fine.\" She indicated the other side of the ledge she was seated on. He took made an attempt to seat himself beside her, but found he was too large for the two of them to sit in the windowsill together. He opted to sit on the floor instead. He folded his arms and closed his eyes. \"Miss Art... Adair,\" He corrected himself. \"I wish to apologize. It wasn't fair of me to assume you knew of the responsibility you faced. It was thoughtless.\" \"It's fine.\" \"No it's not. The power you humans hold in Fantasia is so great that I forget how young you are when you come. Being in the business as long as I have, I've forgotten that heroes are not born, they are made. I must learn to respect your growth.\" She wasn't sure what to say to that. It sounded plain to her that no matter what he said, he still had expectations of her that she didn't know how to meet, or was even sure she wanted to. \"You've traveled a great deal in our land by now haven't you?\" he asked. She only nodded. \"What do you think of Fantasia?\" It was a question she hadn't expected, but one that she could answer in a breath. \"It's beautiful. It's the most beautiful place I've ever seen.\" Of course not all of it had been beautiful. Spook City and the Forest of Thorns were both places she would sooner forget if she could, but Fantasia as a whole had taken her breath away over and over again since the day she landed in the grasslands. No, it was even before that; the first time she had read the Neverending Story in Mr. Bux's shop and seen Atreyu flying on Falkor's back. \"I think I know why it's called 'The Neverending Story' now. I could write book after book about what I've seen and it still wouldn't be enough.\" She smiled wryly to herself. To think she had only picked up the book to help her write a single class assignment. Her dreams had been so small then. \"I know what you mean.\" Heremoor smiled, looking distantly out the window. But there was a sad look in those hard green eyes of his. \"There is nothing I wouldn't do to protect this great land of dreams and stories, and there is much I have given up already.\" She heard a click as he unfastened the buckles of the gauntlet on his right hand. It occurred to her then that she had never seen him without his gauntlets. Even at the tower when he had been bereft of his armor he had worn them. And now she knew why. When he removed his gauntlet, there was nothing within it. His arm simply ended. The plating over his arm was hollow. He handed the empty gauntlet to her. \"A combination of magic and machinery allows it to move to my will. It's a gnomish invention.\" Adair's eyes were wide, flickering back and forth from the gauntlet in her hand to the maimed arm of the general. \"How did that happen?\" \"I lost this hand defending Fantasia from a hideous monster, and beneath this armor you would find many more scars of battle, honored testaments of my love for Fantasia. You see Adair, I too have known loss and sacrifice, and I know the tremendous weight that is carried in the mantle of leadership. There have been days where I feared the strain would be too much. The day I lost this hand I fell face down into the dirt and thought on how easy it would be to simply lay on the ground and die of my wounds. But then I remembered the beauty of Fantasia, and what it meant to be a part of this Neverending Story. I had a calling, a destiny, and Fantasia deserved better than for me to simply give it up. I know the fear that you carry, but the same is true for you. You are here for a reason Adair Alicia Artemis.\" She thought on the General's words. She knew he was right, but still. \"I know what I have to do. I just have know idea how.\" \"Who says you have to? Many great stories begin with a hero starting a journey with nothing to go on but a heart full of courage.\" \"They still have something on me.\" she replied, not feeling at all courageous at the moment. \"Courage is not the absence of fear Adair. It's doing what has to be done in spite of it.\" Just at that moment, the gauntlet in her hand snapped shut like a trap. Its fingers curled tightly around her wrist. She jumped and shrieked and Heremoor laughed. He took the gauntlet back from her and its grip on her relaxed. He chuckled as he reattached it. \"That one never gets old.\" Adair breathed in and out trying to recompose herself. \"You're a jerk.\" But she said this with a smile. Ever since she'd met back up with Iole and learned what they were facing she'd felt so hopeless, so defeated before they had even tried anything. The General had succeeded in lifting her spirits and given her a lot to think about. The sound of rapid footsteps called their attention to the stairs that led into the balcony. Atreyu and Jason bounded to the top with their swords at the ready. Iole was right behind them, albeit without the look of worry and battle ready stance that the two young men shared. Octavia fluttered just behind her. \"We heard you scream.\" Atreyu explained as though he needed to. Both he and Jason seemed to relax when they saw her unharmed. \"What's going on up here?\" Jason asked. \"You nearly gave me a heart attack.\" Heremoor puffed his chest out proudly. \"I was just teaching Adair a little something about courage. She won't get very far in her journey if she jumps at a little thing like that.\" He laughed heartily, but seemed to shrink into his armor when Octavia swooped in front of him with a look that would cow a rabid dog into submission. \"Did you show her your glove trick?! I've told you not to do that anymore! We thought something dreadful had happened!\" \"It was merely a jest Milady. No harm done.\" Adair laughed, still finding it comical how someone as small as Octavia could pack enough authority and aggression to keep someone as large and boisterous as Heremoor under her thumb. \"I'm fine Octavia, honest.\" She looked past the fairy and smiled at Jason and Atreyu who both looked embarrassed by their show of unwarranted heroism. She smiled, but something caught her eye. Just over Jason's shoulder was an odd glimmer on the wall. They watched her as she left her seat on the windowsill and crossed the room to the far wall. The glimmer she had noticed was a portrait. It was an old mural depicting three knights, each one clad in gold armor. They each held a silver sword aloft over their heads. One was tall and lean with a head of dark hair. The second was built like an ox with broad shoulders and a black mustache. The third was small and wiry compared to the other two with a mane of fiery red curls. \"Who are they?\" They all looked over her shoulder at the portrait. Atreyu was the first to speak. \"I know them. They traveled with Bastian. They were our bravest companions. The one with the mustache is Hykrion the Strong. The one with red hair is Hysbald the Swift. And the third one is Hydorn the Enduring.\" Adair studied it hard. There was something familiar about this portrait, of these three knights in golden armor. \"Adair, what is it?\" Jason asked. \"I had a dream earlier. I heard a voice. It said something about three warriors in glittering armor with silver swords. Do you think it was talking about them?\" \"There are many knights in Fantasia.\" Atreyu admitted. \"But if you had this dream today, and we're finding this portrait here of all places, then Fantasia must be speaking to you.\" Jason squinted at the portrait just as they all were, as though there were some kind of hidden message in it. \"But what does it mean?\" Adair looked a moment longer, then she smiled with realization. She felt something swell within her chest like when she called on her power. It was a mix of excitement and anxiety rolled into one, but she liked it. \"Come on, we need to tell the others. I know what we need to do.\" They watched her descend the stairs without waiting for them to follow, simply expecting them to do so. General Heremoor grinned from ear to ear. \"Spoken like a true General. Adair stood above the rest of the camp, positioned on a fallen pillar of stone that lay at the edge of the ruined balcony. The Knights looked to her as if waiting to receive orders as they would have done for their general. The autumn fairies ceased their flitting about and floated motionless in the air, paying her every attention that they would their queen. Their eyes held a different look than they had earlier. When their eyes had last rested on her there had been uncertainty in them. Now there was none. This was the answer to their uncertainty. \"Iole's shown us what we're up against and it isn't good. I won't lie to you, I'm scared. I was so scared earlier by everything that's happening that I forgot where I was. But the General reminded me. Fantasia may hold a lot of nightmares and monsters, but there's heroes too. Heroes like Atreyu and General Heremoor. If this is the world of dreams and stories, then there are heroes in every corner of this land, heroes that don't back down from danger, who are willing to fight. Time is not on our side, but our chances are better than we think. Because if there's one thing I know about stories and heroes, it's that good always wins.\" The Knights cheered with the zeal of soldiers, their morale restored. The fairies giggled with delight. General Heremoor stepped to the front. \"I am with you Adair Alicia Artemis! This shall be a battle that Fantasia will sing about for ages! And the glory of the heroes who fought at its head shall be told forever! What is your plan?\" \"We have a lot of ground to cover. With Octavia's court, you and your knights are the swiftest force in all of Fantasia. We need you to spread the word. Call every hero from every land you can reach and tell them to get to the Ivory Tower as fast as they can.\" Heremoor clapped his iron clad fist over his chest in salute. \"We'll carry them there ourselves if we must.\" \"Count on us Adair.\" Octavia smiled. \"Iole, can you do me a favor?\" Iole folded her arms. \"That depends.\" \"You told us before that the quickest way to slay demons is with silver weapons right?\" She nodded. \"You know more about this than anyone else here. If you could find a way to get some for our troops so we could defend ourselves, would that go against any of your rules?\" Iole scrunched her eyebrows and scratched her head in thought. She let out a long slow sigh. \"It's a bit of a stretch, but if it's to kill demons I guess it's fair-game. But I'd need silver first. Atreyu, do you know a place where I can get some?\" \"The Silver Mountains would be the best place, just on the borders of the Grassy Ocean.\" Iole shot him a skeptical look. \"The Silver Mountains.\" \"Yes. There are caves all throughout the mountain range full of silver.\" \"Really? Just sitting there?\" She rolled her head back and laughed. Jason looked at her as though she'd just lost her mind. \"Why is that funny?\" \"Kid, I've been to more worlds then I can say, and in nearly every one, silver is not easy to come by. It's either super rare, or they charge outlandish prices for it. And you mean to tell me we're sitting on an entire mountain range of it?\" She laughed again. \"Will that work?\" Adair called her back to the matter at hand. \"If it's as much silver as Atreyu says, then it should. But I hope you don't think I can make enough weapons for an entire army. I'm good, but I'm not that good. I'll need some help.\" Adair grasped AURYN. She'd expected this. With an undertaking as large as this, she knew it would take at least one wish. It was time for her to make a new story. \"When you go to the Silver Mountains and enter the caves, you'll find a labyrinth. In the middle of the labyrinth you'll find a forge as big as a whole city.\" \"And who runs this forge?\" \"The Cyclops'. They're the oldest smiths in all Fantasia. Legends say they once crafted for the Gods themselves.\" Thank you sixth grade Greek Mythology course. She thought to herself. Iole looked back to Atreyu. \"This legit?\" He nodded with every confidence. \"Fair enough. So what are you three going to do without me around to keep you out of trouble?\" \"AURYN's shown me three heroes that are going to help us in the battle. They're old friends of Atreyu's. We're going to start by finding them. We'll meet the rest of you at the Ivory Tower when we're done. We're heading out in the morning.\" \"You heard her men!\" Heremoor called. \"We camp for the night, and tomorrow we ride! For Fantasia!\" This ruin had long been the site of great battles and beginnings of heroic stories, and tonight it would witness the start of yet another. Every soldier, and fairy raised their fist high in the air, along with Atreyu, Jason, and Adair. Falkor lifted his head high and called in his deep bronze tone. They all cried with one voice. \"FOR FANTASIA!\"[Chapter 15] Chapter 14: Knights of Old Now that they had a heading, the Eagle Riders were hard at work tearing down camp with renewed vigor. There were goodbyes being said all around. Jason was getting his first of General Heremoor's fabled bone-crushing hugs, and Adair and Atreyu were learning there was nothing they could do to get out of another one. Octavia placed a hand on Adair's face and whispered goodbye with small tears in her tiny chestnut eyes. \"Good Luck Adair. I'll see you again.\" And before Adair could object, the Fairy Queen gave her the lightest kiss on the cheek. Unsure of what to say, Adair blushed. \"Thank you Milady.\" \"Come Milady Octavia!\" General Heremoor shouted as he mounted his giant golden eagle. \"If we don't move out soon, these young ones will have all the glory!\" \"I'll be right along General.\" She called in her sweet voice. But before she floated off to the General's side, her tiny eyebrows furrowed together in a frown. She zipped to Jason and Atreyu, and with her little fist gave them both a thump on the head. They both cried out in surprise and rubbed their heads in confusion, and to rub out the sting. \"What was that for?\" Jason asked indignantly. \"You both listen to me. Watch out for Adair and none of that boyish bickering or I'll... I'll... I'll turn you both into little boys again! Do you understand?\" \"Yes Ma'am.\" Jason replied. Atreyu nodded. \"I give you my word Milady.\" She smiled and nodded her approval before flitting out of sight. When she was gone, Jason leaned toward Atreyu. \"She can't really do that can she?\" Atreyu only shrugged. \"I don't know. But I wouldn't test her.\" \"Come on Atreyu!\" Falkor called. \"I'm getting tired of all this waiting around.\" Falkor had waited patiently as they had re-fitted him with their supplies and equipment, but Luckdragons can only stay patient for so long when it comes to holding still. \"Sorry Falkor. Adair are you ready?\" \"Yeah, just a minute. There's one more thing I need to do.\" \"Well make it quick. I think Falkor might actually leave without you this time.\" He smiled to himself as he secured the straps on Falkor's back. \"What a rotten thing to say.\" Falkor objected. \"I would never leave Adair behind.\" \"It was an expression Falkor.\" Adair couldn't stifle a smile at that, but she had to steel herself for what she was about to do. There was one member of the camp who was not in any kind of hurry. Iole was stooped over a kettle in which she was stewing the leftovers of her kill from the night before. She brushed her long dark hair back over her shoulder as she stirred and grumbled about never having the right seasonings. She looked up when she saw Adair approach. \"Hungry?\" \"I already ate.\" she replied. Then there was silence. Iole didn't seem to mind, looking very preoccupied by her breakfast. But for Adair it was very awkward. She was the one who had brought this on, but it wasn't a question she was sure she was ready for. \"Do you know how to get to the caves?\" \"Yeah I'll find it.\" After another length of silence, Iole placed the lid over her kettle and sat down. She looked her in the eye and smiled. Her sky blue eyes had that knowing glint in them. \"You didn't come here to talk about directions did you.\" She wasn't sure if it was all the years of posing as her cat and living in her house that made Iole so intuitive or if she was just naturally able to read people. Either way, Iole knew what she really wanted to talk about. \"I've been thinking.\" \"Healthy exercise.\" Adair moaned. \"Could you stop that? This is hard enough without sarcasm.\" \"Sorry, I thought sarcasm was your whiskey.\" Adair glowered at her. \"Time and place.\" Iole nodded. \"Fair enough.\" She was silent then and waited patiently for Adair to say what she came to say. \"Volrac killed my parents in the woods that day, but he left me alive. I don't think he meant to. He's always wanted to kill me. Mom and Dad just... got in the way.\" She swallowed and cursed the tears that were welling in her eyes. She thought she'd gotten all of this crying out of the way with Atreyu. \"After I found out what he was, what he wanted to do, I couldn't figure out why he just left me alive. Then you came and I found out who you really were. I tried to remember how I got you as a cat. I couldn't. The next real memory I have after the woods was of you and me in my room at Aunt Rosemary's house. But I know I had you before she came and got me. When did I find you?\" \"You didn't\" Iole explained. \"I found you.\" \"In the woods?\" She nodded. \"I tracked the Seeker's scent to your world. Their magic allowed Volrac a short window into your world. I followed it there.\" \"And what did you find?\" Iole raised an eyebrow at her. \"What are you really asking?\" Adair took a deep breath. \"Was it you that saved me?\" There was no answer spoken, but it was in her eyes. \"You knew he'd try again, that the Circle would be there. That's why you stayed with me.\" \"Sure that's why I stayed, but that's not why I saved you. I'm sorry I can't be as much help as you want me to be, but I'm not rooting for you to lose.\" \"Then why? Why did you save me?\" \"Are you sorry I did?\" Adair had to stop herself. The question brought on so many feelings at once, regret, anger, fear, and she was still getting used to feelings. \"I think if you asked me that before, I would have said yes.\" \"Actually if I had asked you before you would have screamed 'talking cat!'\" Adair frowned. \"What I mean is I was so angry at myself for such a long time, that I was still alive and they weren't. I felt like it was my fault and I remember hoping and praying for so long that I'd go with them one day. I guess I made a real mess of the life they gave me.\" \"No you didn't. Making a mess would have been something. You just sat like a bump on a log for ten years.\" \"You're not making this easy.\" \"Life's not supposed to be easy Adair. It's supposed to be a journey, that means bumps and bruises and worse. There's millions of reasons to give up. I've lived a very long time and I've heard them all: 'my parents were killed,' 'I'll never walk again,' 'my boyfriend left me,' 'my heart's broken,' 'my mother was a crazy demon witch who never loved me'. The list goes on and on. But there are so many more reasons to keep going. That's why I saved you that day. That's why your parents defended you that day. It was something they wanted you to have.\" \"I know.\" she admitted. \"And I'm trying now. It's just, I need practice.\" She wiped her eyes, but in spite of her tears she laughed. \"A lot of practice.\" Iole put a hand on her shoulder. \"You're not kidding. You have ten years to make up for.\" It was an odd thing, be able to laugh even when she was crying. \"I really am hopeless aren't I?\" \"No your closet back at Rosemary's place is hopeless. You're not. You're finally starting to wake up. You still have a ways to go, but I can see your eyes opening.\" She couldn't contain it anymore. She threw her arms around Iole and squeezed her tight. \"Thank you for saving me.\" she whispered. \"Thank you.\" Iole went stiff. Strange, she was prepared for a heart to heart, but a hug left her unsure of what to do. She put an arm around the girl and gave her a short pat on the head. \"Now get out of here. We both have things to do. They said their final goodbyes and Adair went to rejoin Atreyu and Jason who helped her onto Falkor's back. \"I'll see you guys soon.\" Iole waved. \"Try not to have too much fun without me.\" \"Just be sure to beat us to the Ivory Tower.\" Jason shot her a grin. \"Or there won't be any demons left for you Old Lady.\" Atreyu nodded to her, apparently doing his best to move on from any hostility he may have still held against her. \"Safe travels. Let's go Falkor.\" \"I thought you'd never ask!\" With a short sprint and a leap, Falkor was airborne and flying fast. They heard a blast behind them from the ruins they had just left behind, like the bang of a cannon. They barely saw a streak of white as a great dragon almost twice as large as Falkor rocketed into the sky above the ruined watch tower and vanished into the clouds. \"By the Empress she's fast!\" Falkor beamed. \"Let's see if we can give her a run for her money!\" Adair instinctively locked her arms around Atreyu's waist. \"Please don't. I know we're in a hurry, but I still get sick. Let's not push it.\" \"Adair, you need to learn to get more out of life.\" the Luckdragon turned his great head and winked, but he did not speed up. \"So where are we going anyway?\" Jason asked. \"I know we're supposed to look for those knights, but do you even know where to start looking?\" Atreyu kept his eyes ahead. \"I know where one of them is. We're going back to the Grassy Ocean.\" Falkor chuckled. \"Terrific. I know someone will be very happy to see you again.\" All three riders looked to each other, sharing the same expression and said it at the same time. \"Deisha.\" They had left at daybreak, but even with such an early start Adair was certain they would need to make camp before they reached the Grasslands. But once more she was astounded by Falkor's speed. They reached the Grassy Ocean in half a day. Falkor chuckled heartily. \"There it is. I knew that shortcut would pay off.\" Jason looked over Adair's shoulder, eager to get his first look at the home of the Plains People. \"Were all these brown patches here last time?\" Adair looked down and was disheartened by her friend's words. It was true, parts of the grasslands had been burned away. It was like a patchwork quilt; tall waving green and gold grass here, acres of ruined land there. It seemed the Plains people had been visited by more demon attacks. She looked to Atreyu, worried how the state of his homeland would affect him. \"Do you see the village?\" \"They've probably moved. We need to find the purple buffalo. They won't be far from good hunting ground.\" It took some searching and flying in silence (the Grassy Ocean is quite vast), but Atreyu eventually spotted a herd of purple buffalo grazing in the pasture. There was a great plateau rising out of the grasslands, and on it they could see plumes of smoke from campfires. \"That must be them. This isn't good. My people move, but they've never fortified themselves like this, not even from stampedes. Something must have backed them into a corner. Hurry Falkor.\" They reached the plateau in a short time and before they landed they could see the Plains People leaving their huts and gathering together with bows drawn and spears raised, fearing another demon raid. Thankfully the tribal elder recognized Falkor before they drew too close. \"Hold your fire! It's Atreyu! Atreyu has returned!\" As quickly as they had become a formidable guard, they became warm and friendly, cheering the return of one of their own. Falkor landed and not a moment later they were surrounded by the tribe. They set themselves to helping Adair off, asking questions about the new human, and asking Atreyu of his journey. But before there was too much talk, they heard a familiar voice and saw the crowd of Plainsmen being pushed aside by some unstoppable force. \"Out of my way! Move!\" With great sweeps of her elbows, Deisha shoved her way to the front and once she was clear she threw her arms around Atreyu's neck. Then she let go and punched him in the shoulder. \"What took you so long?\" She demanded. \"You promised you would come back soon!\" \"Owe! I did not. I never said when I'd be back.\" Deisha ignored this detail and brushed past him to throw her arms over Falkor. \"And you found Falkor? When were you going to tell me? I've been worried sick about him.\" \"I've missed you too Deisha.\" \"Shut up Falkor, you're as much to blame as he is.\" There was no pleasing her. As she turned around her eyes lingered on Adair. \"Adair.\" she acknowledged the other girl. \"Deisha.\" Adair acknowledged her right back. Deisha looked to Jason with a studious expression. \"Who are you?\" \"Jason. I'm Adair's best friend.\" \"You're human too?\" \"Last I checked.\" Deisha rolled her eyes. \"And just as funny as the other one.\" Jason glowered. \"We're funny people.\" Deisha didn't know it, but Jason already knew her, or at least knew a lot about her, and he remembered well the way she had threatened Adair the last time they'd met. His thoughts of her were just as fond as hers for him. The gathering parted briefly to allow passage for two more faces Adair recognized. It was the tribal Elder and Shaman Ze'hara. \"Atreyu you have returned to us.\" The Elder said proudly. \"You bring great joy to your people child. And you have brought not one but two humans to honor us. I wish we had better tidings to greet you.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Since you've been gone, the demons have been coming more often.\" Deisha explained. \"All the clans have gathered on this plateau now.\" \"They burn our land and ravage our brother the buffalo, not for food but for pleasure.\" Ze'hara said mournfully, ringing her hands in the air. \"It is all we can do to protect the last of the herd before they too are taken from us.\" \"Calm yourself Ze'hara.\" the Elder crooned. \"Atreyu and Adair have traveled far and wide by now. They know how grave the situation is. That is not why they've come.\" He turned his old wizened eyes on them. \"Tell us child, why have you come?\" Atreyu's face was somber. \"Elder we wish to speak to you in private. It's as you said, the situation is grave. But first we need to find Bahzha. Is he here?\" \"He is out with the others protecting our herds. He should be back soon.\" \"I heard my name.\" the tall plainsmen came into view. He was still as tall and lean as ever and had looked at ease with his spear slung over his shoulder. Though the grime covering his face and arms told that this was the most at ease he'd been in a long while. \"What's going on?\" \"Bahzha?\" Ze'hara turned her intense gaze on him. \"When did you return? Who's protecting the herd?\" \"They're fine for now. We found another grazing pasture for them. We came back when we saw Falkor circling overhead.\" He shot Atreyu a grin. \"Didn't think I'd miss welcoming you home did you?\" But when Atreyu didn't return his smile his face fell. \"What's the matter with you? Did somebody die?\" \"Bahzha,\" Atreyu began somberly. \"We came back because we need your help. The kind of help you offered when you were called Hydorn the Enduring.\" Bahzha rubbed the back of his dark hair. \"Wow. That's a name I haven't heard in awhile.\" What had surely been a happy time for the Plains people, welcoming a hero of their tribe back into their lands had not lasted. As soon as Atreyu and the others had vanished into the Elder's hut, whispers and murmurings were racing all through the village. While none could really agree on what was going on, of two things they were certain. One was that Atreyu had not come to stay. The other was that things in Fantasia had not gotten any better. Within the hut, the Elder, Shaman Ze'hara, and Bahzha listened to their tale with growing concern. It took a very long time and they had many questions in between. When Atreyu finished, the three tribal leaders looked very weary. \"These are dark times for Fantasia indeed.\" The Elder sighed. \"Moon Child sleeps, nightmares seek to overthrow her, and twisted being from other worlds pulling the strings on it all. Well Ze'hara, I suppose their tale gives meaning to the visions of darkness and war you gazed in the fire.\" \"It was not all death and destruction.\" Ze'hara reminded him. \"I saw champions as well. I saw a white dragon that was not Falkor, I saw Atreyu fighting side by side with a boy who carried a black sword, and I saw the girl in white, violet, and gold wearing the Glory leading them. And now the children have come here seeking to find the three golden men I told you of.\" If Adair ever had any doubt of Ze'hara's ability to receive visions, they were all erased. From her words she learned that the Shaman woman had seen Jason, Iole, and already knew they had come here to find the first of the three knights. Bahzha sighed. \"Never thought I'd be going back to those days.\" \"Wait,\" Jason spoke for the first time since entering the hut. \"You were one of the Knights that traveled with Atreyu and Bastian?\" Bahzha nodded. \"It was a long time ago. Back then I was called Hydorn the Enduring. I ran with my comrades in arms; Hysbald the Swift and Hykrion the Strong. There was another named Hero Hynreck who traveled with us for a time, but he left us before we joined Lord Bastian.\" \"Then what happened?\" Adair asked. \"Where are the other two? How did you end up here?\" \"Well you see a lot happened to us on our journey. In the end we lost Lord Bastian when he ran ahead of us. We never found him again. But we swore we would keep looking. We decided then to go our separate ways. Hykrion, always being the bold reckless sort went in the direction of the sunrise. Hysbald traveled away from the sun, and I went the only way that was left to me. I journeyed for years, far and wide through Fantasia but never found him. When I had all but run out of ideas I heard rumors that Atreyu had returned to the Plains. I thought if anyone would know where Bastian was it would be him. So I came here to the Grassy Ocean. The Plains People captured me on sight. I tried to fight back, but I was gravely outnumbered and hadn't had food or drink in days. They'd never seen anyone quite like me. The Grassy Ocean is an isolated place, and there's not much adventuring to be done there so I must have been the first knight any of them had seen. They held me captive in the village, counseling over what they should do with me.\" Ze'hara chuckled at the memory. \"I thought the armor he wore was part of his body. I wanted to melt him down into new spearheads for our hunters.\" Bahzha grinned. \"And you would have too if not for Atreyu. I still have you to thank my friend for the new life I found.\" He returned to addressing the group, telling his story. \"Atreyu recognized who I was, and in spite of the many wrongs I and my companions had done him in our travels, he persuaded the chieftains to let me go.\" Adair noticed Atreyu stare at the ground at that part and wondered what Bahzha meant by \"many wrongs\". It was obviously something that brought Atreyu great discomfort to dwell on. \"It was Atreyu who told me that Bastian had left Fantasia and told me to return to my land. But I couldn't. I had nowhere to go with my quest at an end. But what was more, I had been entranced by this place, by the people of the Plains. As a Knight I had been called Hydorn the Enduring because I could endure and outlast any foe in combat through my stamina. But as I traveled with Atreyu I had been impressed at how he endured not only in combat, but in the harshest of conditions. Cold and rain did not bother him, extreme heat didn't seem to touch him. After meeting his people I understood how he had developed this endurance and I wanted it for my own. Atreyu convinced the Elder to allow me to train in the hunt and learn the ways of the Grasslands, but I was stubborn. I clung to the ways of a knight, the brash and stubborn quests for glory. After a year of instruction I was taken for my first hunt for the Purple Buffalo. In the tradition of the tribe, a successful hunt is how a boy reaches manhood. For me, it meant I would be accepted as one of their own. But once more I did not listen to what I had been taught. I charged the Buffalo head on, so sure I could overcome it as I had against many foes before it. But such a magnificent and proud beast at home in the grassy plains could not be felled by a simple man and his sword. It rammed straight into me and sent me flying, but it did not kill me. It just left me lying in the grass, broken and unable to move. \"I don't know how long I lay there. It had broken one of my legs and knocked all the breath out of me. But while I lay there in the grass waiting for the end to come, I began to see things. All around me there was life. I saw the insects eating the grass and working together to make their homes in the dirt. I saw the birds descending to eat them. I heard their song. I could hear the Buffalo grazing and the other hunters creeping through the grass to claim their kill. They respected the Buffalo, seeing them not as enemies but as equal parts of the world that they shared. It was then that I learned just how small I was in this world and how foolish it had been to attempt to conquer it alone. The Plains people had learned that they were but small parts of this universe, learned to respect it, listen to it, care for it, rely on it, and on each other. It was all so clear to me then. That is what it means to endure.\" He seemed to be looking past them and Adair could see in his eyes the impact of that memory. A time when he had been so hopeless and alone, yet all at once it had become clear that he was not alone. Even if he had died in the grass that day, he would have remained part of the land, part of the earth, and in that way would remain connected to it forever. It was remarkable to her how he had found hope in the midst of despair. \"The hunters found me eventually and took my broken body back to camp. As the healers went to work, I found the woman who would become my bride.\" \"Ainslee.\" Ze'hara interrupted again. \"My finest apprentice before she met you. And before you came to her broken and bruised she had never looked twice at you. Said you reminded her of a peacock the way you strutted about in that armor. Lost her focus after you began courting her. A real pity. She would have made a fine Shaman.\" Bahzha was abashed by the humorous way Ze'hara remembered the meeting between he and his beloved. \"Yes well, like I said it was a different time. Anyway after that I had to wait another year before I could hunt again according to tradition. It came and went and I hunted with the skills I had learned. I returned to the village with one of the Purple Buffalo and was welcomed as a man of the tribe. They gave me the name Bahzha, Little Warrior, so that I would always remember to honor my place as a part of the whole. I married Ainslee the following spring and I've remained here ever since.\" Adair took the story in stride. Later she would try to recall every detail of it. It was strange, but she felt that story in part had been meant for her. Bahzha's, or rather Hydorn's story had something in it that Fantasia wanted her to learn. But for now she was trying to remain focused on the task at hand. \"What about the other two?\" \"Honestly I don't know.\" Bahzha replied. \"I haven't heard from them since we parted. I've heard rumors but beyond that I couldn't say where they are now.\" \"Bahzha,\" Atreyu said in a low voice. \"Adair's been guided to you and your companions by AURYN. There is a battle coming to the Ivory Tower the likes of which we've never seen.\" Bahzha's gaze hardened. \"Even worse than-\" \"Yes,\" Atreyu cut him off. \"Even worse than that. We've been guided here because we need you and the bravery of your fellow knights. Will you put on the mantle of Hydorn the Enduring once more?\" Bahzha looked Atreyu in the eye long and hard, as if he were searching that dark eyed gaze for something. Then he shook his head. \"No. I will aid you in the coming battle, but if AURYN has led you here it is not to Hydorn. That part of my story is over. If I am to help you it will be as Bahzha of the Plains. And I will use everything I have gained since I was given that name to do my part in saving our land.\" He took Atreyu's hand firmly and placed his other hand on the lad's shoulder. \"By the Empress, only you, Atreyu could call me back into the hero's game.\" \"And I trust you haven't lost a step in the years since?\" Bahzha grinned. \"You should no better than anyone, the Grassy Ocean doesn't make soft men.\" \"Look this is sweet and all,\" Jason interrupted, \"but we still need to find the other two knights. Any ideas?\" \"I believe I can help with that.\" Ze'hara interjected. \"Adair, if you would stoke the fire? It appears to have gone out.\" It was true. Their meeting had lasted well into the night by now and the fire had long ceased burning with no one to tend it. Adair stared at the pit and felt warmth returning to it, resonating from her will. Using her powers was becoming second nature. With a brush of her eyelashes the fire sparked back to life. Ze'hara nodded her approval. \"Impressive child. You may melt that wall of ice yet.\" She ignored the shaman's reminder of their first meeting. Now was not the time for self scrutiny. \"Now what?\" Ze'hara stared intently into the fire. She said nothing for the space of five minutes. Ze'hara was a talented seer indeed. Most other shamans would have taken an hour or more to receive a vision of something they had never seen. But even a shaman as powerful as Ze'hara would not have been able to gather any vision at all had Adair not been there. It was the girl's wish that had guided them this far and it was continuing to guide them now. Ze'hara knew this and was acting as the channel through which Adair's will would travel. \"I see two men.\" she declared. \"One tall and broad shouldered, and stubborn as a buffalo.\" Bahzha nodded. \"Hykrion.\" \"The other is wiry and thin with fiery red hair.\" \"We know this part already.\" Jason sighed. This earned him a swift flick to the forehead from Ze'hara's bony fingers. The shaman woman didn't even look up from the fire. \"The large one heads east, the other west. The first is surrounded by mountains...\" She strained her eyes at the flames as though something about her vision was confusing her. \"Or perhaps not mountains. They look like mountains, but not like any I've ever seen. They're full of holes.\" \"I know that land.\" Atreyu assured her what she was seeing was accurate. \"It's the home of the Rockbiters.\" \"It is not in their land.\" Ze'hara said firmly. \"It is a mountain range much like the one they call home, but it is far beyond their borders. If there are Rock Giants in these mountains, they are wanderers, or outcasts, or worse.\" \"Worse?\" Jason asked. \"You mean like criminals or something?\" \"Could be.\" Bahzha agreed. \"Hykrion never was choosy about the company he kept. What of Hysbald?\" \"I see the Red Headed one in a canyon deep. He is surrounded by small people with shriveled faces.\" \"Gnommics?\" Bahzha asked. \"Never thought to find Hysbald in the company of the gnomes. Oh well. That's a region I know how to reach. Shall we head there first?\" It was Adair who spoke. She'd been taking the lead more often. \"I think we'll cover more ground if we split up. You should go find Hysbald. We'll find Hykrion.\" \"You should take a small company of our warriors with you.\" The Elder stated. \"No. We'll fly faster on our own.\" The Elder shook his head. \"As chief of this tribe I would be dishonored for not offering what assistance we could lend.\" Adair didn't like the idea of enlisting the Plains People. \"The warriors should stay here to protect your home.\" The Elder's eyes shone as he puffed out his chest and straightened his old back. \"Adair, Fantasia is our home. My clan will fight with you at the Ivory Tower and the rest of the clans will join us.\" \"We're not a force to be taken lightly Adair.\" Bahzha added. \"Not only have I lived here for years, I fought the Plains People in force and they are fierce warriors. They'll fight whether you want them to or not.\" Adair relented to their request seeing no other way out. Besides, who was she to turn down eager volunteers? \"Fine, but we'll still travel alone.\" \"Adair's right.\" Atreyu nodded. \"We need a small team if we are to reach the Ivory Tower in time.\" \"Then plus one shouldn't be a problem.\" Every head in the hut snapped to the entrance. Deisha had slipped inside without their noticing. \"Deisha!\" Ze'hara snapped. \"This is a private council!\" \"One that involves my clan and my home! They're not taking any of our warriors with them then I'll have to do. I'm the best shot with a bow in the village. Elder you said so yourself.\" the Plains girl snapped. Atreyu stood up. \"Deisha we can't take you with us.\" \"I'm not asking.\" It was true, Deisha was already dressed to leave. She had a satchel of supplies strapped to her side, and her weapons strapped to her back. Atreyu was going to object again, but she held up her hand. \"No I'm talking right now. Last time you sent me away and I went because I agreed that my people, our people needed me here. I heard you talking about what's going on and the way I see it this could be Fantasia's last chapter, and I'm not going to spend it somewhere wondering where you are and if you're coming back. I'm going.\" \"Deisha please.\" Atreyu pleaded. \"Child listen to yourself.\" Ze'hara lectured. \"She's coming.\" All eyes were on Adair now, even Deisha's. The plains girl's dark green eyes were wide and questioning. There was a silence before Adair realized they wanted her to explain her decision. \"She's right. This could be the end, and I'd want to spend it with the people I care about, especially if I felt like there was something I could do.\" Deisha was silent. She hadn't expected Adair to be sympathetic to her plight, not after how well they'd gotten along the last time they'd traveled together. She looked like she wanted to say something. Thank you perhaps? But whatever it was, her pride wouldn't let her. It seemed this would change nothing between them. Atreyu relented. He had enough difficulty arguing with one stubborn girl. He wasn't about to try his luck against two. \"Then rest up. We leave in the morning.\" \"I'll go break the news to Ainslee.\" Bahzha sighed. \"She won't be happy being left with the little ones.\" \"We'll make our preparations on the morrow.\" The Elder declared. \"When you arrive at the Ivory Tower for battle, we'll be waiting.\" They retired soon after the Elder had made the announcement to the village. As he had expected, the Plains People were quick to agree to go to battle to defend Fantasia. Those who didn't have the watch were sound asleep in their huts. Jason had taken the first watch in a small camp on the outskirts of the village. When Adair had learned this, she decided to go keep him company. Jason keeping watch. She thought, remembering a time when she could scarcely rouse Jason from sleep for anything. What had this world done to them that he was rising early and taking late night watches and she was giving orders to armies? She found him in the lonely camp. Not only was he awake, he was practicing the various forms and techniques with his sword that Iole had taught him. \"You're getting pretty good with that.\" she remarked. He whirled around to face her and she couldn't tell if the sudden flush of red in his cheeks was from training or embarrassment. She smiled and sat next to the unused fire pit. On her command it lit. He smiled. \"You're not too bad either you know.\" He took a break and sat beside her, resting the black and red sword across his lap. It was a cold night. He was sitting so close that their shoulders touched to keep warm. Or at least that's what she told herself. \"So are you sure about letting Deisha come along?\" It occurred to her then that Jason must have also read about Deisha after she had come to Fantasia. \"She's really not so bad.\" \"Didn't she threaten to kill you?\" \"So she has a temper. I thought you liked that in a woman.\" she teased. He laughed. \"Not when she has weapons. That's a little too intense for me.\" This was why she was glad Jason had come. She'd always been able to speak freely around him. Jason had always been that kind of friend who knew her inside and out, and when they talked she almost felt normal. Even now as they sat and talked they may as well have been back home in Aunt Rosemary's living room watching anime or reading manga. They talked for a long time about what had changed for them since they'd come to Fantasia; the parts that they liked, the parts that had scared them, how weird it was that Iole had been pretending to be her cat but had been some magical black-ops agent the entire time. Adair admitted she wouldn't have gotten dressed in front of her as often had she known. \"So be honest.\" she said. \"Do you like her better now or as a cat?\" \"Cat.\" he replied quickly. \"No question. All she could do as a cat was scratch. Now she thumps me on the head.\" \"It was a love-tap.\" \"That love-tap is still throbbing.\" \"Don't be a baby.\" Jason held a fist up. \"Okay let's see how you like it. It was just like this.\" He tried to thump her on the head and she shrieked playfully, trying to hold him back. He still managed to rap his knuckles lightly on her head in spite of her resistance. She squirmed and struggled so much that she actually fell backwards and thanks to her hold on his wrist Jason fell over with her. \"I'm so sorry! are you alright?\" He looked her over, his blue eyes full of concern behind his glasses. To this she only laughed. She laughed harder than she remembered laughing in a long while. This moment felt separate, apart from all else that was happening to them right now. She could forget Fantasia's troubles and her part in them for now and just have time to be a girl with her friend. Then she met his eyes and stopped laughing. \"What?\" he asked. She didn't know why she was staring. \"I was just thinking.\" she lied. \"Remember that time you and Kevin Thomas got into a fight last year?\" \"You mean the time he stole your notebook and I broke his nose?\" \"No I mean the time he stole my notebook and then he tied you to the doorknob by your underwear for punching him.\" she replied, apparently having a clearer recollection of the event than he did. \"Oh you mean the time we both agreed we'd never talk about again.\" \"Well I was just thinking about how you could totally take him now.\" He grinned. \"You're just saying that.\" \"No I mean it. You're a total beast now.\" \"You know Kevin still has a good eighty pounds on me.\" \"Kevin's never fought Witches.\" He smiled and helped her back up. \"So you still remember that huh?\" \"It's a little hard to forget helping you untie your underwear from the classroom door.\" \"That's not what I meant.\" he said in a hurry to move on from the rather painful memory. \"I mean you haven't forgotten about home, about Rosemary, or anything else yet.\" \"I don't think so. I'm sure something's missing though. It must not be important.\" \"Well let's keep the wishing to a minimum okay? I don't want to have to take you to a mental hospital when we get home. Your aunt would love me for that.\" \"Don't worry, I'll be careful.\" She promised. They were quiet for a moment. \"You know,\" he spoke again. \"You could always use that to get home.\" He pointed to the ring on her finger. Instinctively she pulled her hand away to cover it. \"You know about that?\" \"Relax, I'm not going to tell anyone. I'm just saying if the fighting gets too bad you could always take them up on their offer.\" \"You think they'll still do it? I mean, we did just try to kill them.\" He nodded coolly. \"Totally. They're scared of you. I think that's why they gave it to you in the first place.\" \"Wouldn't they hand me over to Volrac?\" \"I don't think so. It's like Iole said. They're playing a different game than he is.\" She shuddered at the thought of just what the Circle of the Night could be plotting that would be worse than Volrac's plan. \"So let's say I use it. What happens to Fantasia?\" \"I'm not saying abandon everything. I care about Fantasia too. I'm just saying you should think about it before you lose all your memories. If it came to that, I could take your place and then find my own way back. I'm human too. Maybe that's why the Childlike Empress let two humans come here.\" \"You don't know what you're asking.\" she said firmly. \"I couldn't leave you here to fight anymore than you could leave me. You're my only friend out there Jason.\" He frowned when she said that and she didn't know why. She had no idea it was the word \"friend\" that had quieted him again. Once more they didn't speak for a moment. He started again. \"When you were in the hut earlier talking about the end... you said you wanted to spend it with people you care about...\" He paused. He was tripping over his words. This wasn't like him. \"What did you mean?\" \"I meant you, and Atreyu, and Iole, and Falkor. Wow I have more friends than I thought.\" \"Yeah.\" he nodded. \"You care about Atreyu a lot then?\" She smiled, and though she didn't catch it herself, Jason could see the slight reddening of her cheeks. \"Yeah. If it weren't for him I wouldn't know how beautiful this place is, or about me. I had no idea I could do any of this, feel any of this.\" \"Just be careful.\" he said. This surprised her. \"What do you mean.\" \"Just... I don't think he's telling us everything.\" He was referring of course to what he had seen with Atreyu in the Forest of Thorns, but he didn't want to tell her so. He wasn't sure himself what it meant. Just that Atreyu had done something in his past that haunted him to this day. \"I trust him.\" she replied. \"And if I'm wrong you can kick his butt for me just like back home.\" \"I'm serious Adair. Just be careful.\" He was staring intently at her now. Not only that, he was getting closer to her. Was she imagining it? She had to be. This was Jason, her best friend. Why would he try to... \"Your watch is up.\" Bahzha startled them as he tore through the brush that surrounded the camp. He had his spear in hand. \"Get some sleep kids. You'll need it tomorrow.\" \"Right.\" Jason nodded. The two of them went back to the village together. They did not speak again except to say good night when they returned to their tents. \"You were right on the money with that observation Fay.\" Thoth commented. \"This Jason lad is absolutely head over heels for her.\" Fay nodded, not looking up from the book she had been reading aloud up until that moment. \"And she has no idea.\" \"Such a dense creature. But what can we expect? Our experiment did seal off her heart ten years ago. What I don't understand is why the poor fellow hasn't just told her yet.\" \"Fear. He is afraid that she will reject him. He feels that the companionship he has built with her is preferable to nothing. I've seen this before. It's a common halt of growth in the Strongest Magic.\" \"How boring.\" Nag moaned from where it was lounging, upside down on its personal sofa. \"He clearly wants her, he should just take her.\" \"It doesn't work that way Nag.\" she explained quite hopelessly. Least of all, Nag would never understand what she had learned in her studies. \"Whether or not it is the Strongest Magic we shall see.\" Thoth droned. \"But this I will give you, it seems to create the most incomprehensible messes.\" He turned his back on her and returned to his desk. \"Imagine remaining silent about your thoughts your entire life over a fear as silly as rejection.\" He looked up from his work briefly. \"But I may as well tell you now, if you are harboring any secret feelings for me m'dear Fay, do keep them to yourself. As I've said many times before, I am married to my work.\" She ignored his jibe completely. \"Rest assured Thoth, if I ever join in the Strongest Magic with another, it will be a far more masculine specimen.\" Nag grinned with its angular teeth. \"Don't worry Thoth. I'll always have a soft spot for you.\" It cackled fiendishly. Thoth shivered in disgust and went back to his work.[Chapter 16] A/N: Hey who knew I could get three chapters up this fast! Merry Christmas Everyone! Thank you again to everyone who has been following the story up until now, particularly my guest reviewer whoever you might be. You must create an account so we can PM. Your comments make me all warm and fuzzy inside. I have had so much fun writing this and I've especially been looking forward to this chapter. I should warn you though it's 3am right now and I was so determined to get this uploaded before I vanish on vacation for a week that I neglected to thoroughly proofread it. If anyone notices any glaring mistakes, please let me know and I will fix them when I return. And again Happy Holidays! Chapter 15: True Strength Once she had found the Silver Mountains, it had taken Iole no time at all to find the cavern and the forge Adair had spoken of. She'd met with the Cyclops forge master under whom the other Cyclops' labored. And after some of Iole's version of \"gentle persuasion\" they had agreed to craft the silver weapons for the coming battle. At the moment the forge master who went by \"The Bright Argus\" was lining up his laborers who were bringing the weapons for her inspection. It wasn't just Cyclops' who crafted in the Silver Forge. They had many apprentices who studied under them: Dwarves and Rockbiters, mountain spirits and hermits, swamp witches and gnomes came from far and wide to the fabled cavern for the honor of learning from the oldest smiths. They brought before Iole racks, wagons, and armloads of swords, scimitars, silver tipped arrows, lances, maces, flails, all manner of weaponry that a Fantasian could handle. And it wasn't just silver they were crafting. Those who could, such as the swamp witches and the hermit wizards crafted with magic to enchant the weapons. \"Tell your apprentices to make sure the silver is as pure as you can get it.\" Iole urged Bright Argus as she hefted one of the blades in her hand. \"When it's at its purest, it can burn right through the hide of a demon. Don't let them waste any of the ore either. Whatever they don't use for weapons, have them melt down into dust.\" \"Dust?\" Bright Argus asked in his aged voice. He was a giant who nearly brushed the roof of the cavern with his head, but his hair was white and his back was hunched with age. He barely crafted himself anymore, so old was he. \"Whatever for?\" \"The soldiers can scatter it around the battlefield to blind them and confuse their other senses.\" Bright Argus shook his head. \"I'll admit I was wary of your proposal before, but I am glad you're making use of our forge. We had a scuffle with these monsters on some of our trade routes. We had to cease trade with the west. There was nothing salvageable in the caravans when they were done. They destroy everything they touch! They don't steal or use anything, they simply destroy! The sooner we're rid of these fiends the better. Now about the battle. How will we get all of these to the Ivory Tower?\" \"Your caravans of course.\" she answered blithely. Bright Argus did not care for that idea. He'd already lost goods and apprentices to these creatures. \"Can we count on your protection then?\" \"Don't worry. You'll be perfectly safe with me.\" \"But how will we return if not with you?\" \"I give you my word that I'll escort you and all your people safely back to the Silver Mountains after the battle.\" \" After the battle?!\" Bright Argus cried, but then stifled his voice so as not to worry his followers. \"Surely you do not mean for us to fight. We are forgers and creators here. Not warriors.\" Iole set the blade back among the others carefully and looked Bright Argus in his one golden eye. He stood many times taller than she, but their was weight and power in her sky blue eyes that seemed to freeze him where he stood. \"I could just eat you here. Trust me, that would be better than being here when the demons rule Fantasia.\" Agrus trembled at the suggestion. However frightened he might be of the demons, he was terrified of the dragon. Iole would never eat him of course. She was forbidden from taking such action even if she'd wanted to. But the Cyclops was unable to see past her bluff. His one eye was keen to craftsmanship and critical to detail, but without depth perception he was incapable of seeing past the surface of anything. This was doubly true for people. \"As you say White Dragon.\" he relented. Having made her point, she released him from her gaze. \"Your people have many skills. There are other ways you can help besides fighting.\" She said nothing more and continued to oversee the work. That being said, let us return to Adair and the others. As soon as the sun had risen, Falkor took off into the sky with Adair, Atreyu, Jason, and now Deisha on his back. Now more than ever it was important to only travel in daylight. Their enemies were strongest in the dark. Bahzha had set off on horseback with a small company of hunters in search of his old companion Hysbald while they went in search of Hykrion. \"Watch out for Hykrion.\" he had warned. \"Especially you Atreyu. I doubt the years have curbed that temper of his.\" As they began their journey, Adair couldn't help but pry. \"What did Bahzha mean by 'especially you'?\" As always Atreyu had his eyes on the land below as he spoke. \"Hykrion and I did not part on good terms.\" \"So we're going to see a guy that hates you.\" Jason quipped. \"And here I thought you were perfect.\" Deisha got close to Jason's ear and whispered. \"You know, it's not too late to throw you off.\" \"I heard that!\" Falkor called over the air. \"You two don't knock that off I'll drop the both of you off in the Valley of Rain and we'll go on without you!\" \"I was just curious.\" Jason shrugged innocently. \"What did you do to make this Hykrion guy hate you so much?\" \"He has his reasons.\" Atreyu replied sadly. \"Any of them good?\" \"Jason!\" Adair whispered desperately to shut him up. Whether Atreyu had heard him or not she didn't know. He said nothing more on the matter. In fact he didn't say anything at all for a long while. When they'd set out they'd worried they would never find the mountain range Ze'hara had spoken of before night fell, but as it stood since the stakes of their journey were higher, Falkor's luck was greater. Because of this he could travel almost impossible distances in the space of a day. And so it was as the sun began to set that they saw the mountain range peppered with holes as the Shaman woman had predicted. Falkor landed within their boundaries and the four travelers leaped to the ground. \"I'll fly on ahead.\" he told them. \"See if I can scout out any danger.\" Atreyu nodded. \"Right. We'll head into the mountains and find a secure site.\" Falkor flew ahead of them and Atreyu turned to the rest of his companions. \"I'll take the lead. Jason, you stay close to Adair. The passage through may be narrow so Adair, it might be a bad idea to use more magic than you have to. Deisha, you use your bow and cover our backs.\" And with that they headed into the narrow mountain passage. \"So these rockbiters?\" Jason asked. \"Did they make these holes?\" Atreyu nodded. \"They must not have been here that long. They've eaten so much of their home in the north over the years that the mountains look more like Swiss cheese. It's why they call them the Cheesiewheezies.\" Jason chuckled. \"Cheesiewheezies? Don't you think that name sounds a little-\" \"Don't.\" Adair cut him off. Jason frowned. \"Cheesy.\" he muttered to himself. Behind him, Deisha giggled, but only slightly. They heard a deafening crack that brought their sights to the sky. The thunderous crash was followed by another, and still another. In the sky they caught sight of Falkor, a streak of white fire as he zigzagged through the clouds to avoid the boulders that were being hurled at him from below. \"Falkor!\" Atreyu and the others bolted straight ahead. Atreyu and Deisha were nimble enough to leap over rocks and other obstacles that blocked their path, and Adair and Jason exhausted their effort trying to keep up with them. Falkor was in their sight and another boulder was soaring through the sky straight at him. Adair raised her hand, and on her command a bolt of lightning split the sky. The boulder crumbled to dust. More rocks followed, and Adair became a force of nature. The sky darkened with clouds and lightning rained down, reducing them to dust. Soon the rocks stopped, but the crashing did not. They could hear monstrous footsteps rushing towards them. The rockbiters were coming for them. The first one that came into view pointed his great stone finger at Adair and shouted. \"Witch! They've got a witch with them!\" More of them were coming into view, and not just stampeding for them. Some were scaling down the cliffs above them, snatching rocks to throw as they went. All in all their seemed to be a dozen of them. They were built just like Pyornkrachzark as they seemed to be made of stone and eleven feet tall, but one look at their jagged teeth and swollen red eyes told her they were not as gentle. Adair raised both her hands to call a mighty wind above them which spun the rocks away from them. Atreyu and Deisha retaliated with their bows. rockbiters appear to be made completely out of stone, and indeed their outer shell is made almost entirely out of rock. But there is living stuff inside of them that lets them move, and you can see it through the small chinks in their armor. These small openings are what the Plains warriors were exploiting. In spite of their efforts, the rockbiters were so enraged that their arrows were having almost no effect. Two rushed through Atreyu and Adair, forcing them both to leap aside to avoid being trampled. Jason took a stand in front of Adair and readied his blade. He swung at their ankles, slashing deep inside their armor. It was enough to halt them, but another had come around and was now behind them. The giant reached for Adair and Jason heard her shout in alarm. Without thinking he turned and threw his sword. It spun through the air and buried itself deep in the joint of the Rockbiter's foot. The giant howled and fell face first to the ground. But now Jason had no weapon. One of the two that had rushed them wrapped its giant hand around Jason's waist and hoisted him into the air. Atreyu was coming to their aid, but when he turned his back, he too was taken from behind. The rockbiter shook him so fiercely that his bow was thrown from his grasp. Deisha was taken next. Adair barely avoided the grasp of the rockbiter Jason had wounded. Acting quickly, she pulled AURYN from the inside of her tunic and held it up. It glimmered brightly. \"Stop! I have AURYN! I'm a messenger of the Empress! Does this mean anything to you?\" The rockbiters halted at once. An uneasy silence fell over them as they looked to one another. \"The witch has the gem?\" one growled. \"This changes everything.\" \"This changes nothing.\" bellowed another. \"Kill anyone who comes near. Those are the orders.\" \"Baloc,\" one whispered to their leader. \"What should we do?\" Baloc, who stood a little taller and broader than the rest of his fellows looked at Adair through narrow red eyes. He was fearsome with jagged teeth like the rest of them, and he had adorned his stony fists with cruel spikes. His head had horn-like protrusions at his crown, and he spoke in a voice lower and more threatening than the storm Adair had called before. \"We take them to the Boss.\" Before she could move, Adair was seized by the waist. Baloc motioned for the others to follow him. With their captives in hand, the rockbiters scaled the mountain side. To anyone watching, they looked like an avalanche rolling up the mountain. They climbed to the peak of the mountain and at last set their prisoners roughly on the ground. Adair fell to her knees and had to catch herself on her hands. She looked up. In the glaring red light of the setting sun's rays she could see a figure with his back turned to them. He was tall. Not as tall as the rockbiters, but easily larger than any man she knew. His shoulders were broad and looked ready to burst from the fine leather jerkin he wore over his black silk shirt with wide cuffs. Resting across his shoulders was a claymore with a blade as wide as the man's hand. He turned to face them. He was a bald man with beady black eyes and sharp features, most prominent among them being his black mustache. His beady eyes zeroed in on Atreyu. \"You!\" He growled. \"Hykrion.\" Atreyu acknowledged him. \"I should have known when I saw the Luckdragon.\" He stomped to where Atreyu was kneeling and spat on the ground in front of him. \"How dare you show your face here. How I have dreamed of seeing you again so that I may put your head on a pike. The oath I pledged to Bastian would demand so.\" \"Bastian is gone.\" Atreyu replied. He was alarmingly calm in the face of this man's threat. From the looks of him, Hykrion could easily snap the boy's neck in just one of his mammoth hands. In a swift motion, the tip of Hykrion's sword was under Atreyu's chin. \"Do not speak my lord's name to me you traitorous cur!\" \"Back off!\" Adair shouted at the same time that Deisha cried out. \"Leave him alone!\" Hykrion glanced from side to side at the both of them before returning his gaze to Atreyu. \"Have you grown so cowardly that you would have women fight for you now? To think I respected you once.\" Then he turned his attention to Adair. \"They tell me you're a sorceress of some kind. I should tell you now that I loathe sorceresses.\" Adair steeled herself and calmly reached for the talisman around her neck, holding it up for him to see. Hykrion looked back to Atreyu. \"Is this some kind of trick, boy?\" Atreyu shook his head. \"Adair is human. She wears the Glory around her neck. We have come in the name of the Childlike Empress.\" Hykrion turned back to Adair. His expression appeared mildly impressed. \"Really? Well always honored to have a messenger of the Empress in our presence. Isn't that right boys?\" The rockbiters chuckled collectively. \"So tell me, Adair was it? What brings such esteemed company as yourself to my mountains?\" Adair took this opportunity to rise to her feet. The others followed her example. \"Hykrion the Strong, I am Adair Alicia Artemis, and we have come to ask for your aid.\" Hykrion sneered. \"It's been a long time since anyone's called me that. Perhaps you haven't heard, but these days 'Hykrion the Brigand', 'Hykrion the Red', or my personal favorite 'Hykrion the Slaughterer' seems more appropriate. So what would make the Empress so desperate as to call for an infamous marauder like myself?\" Adair gulped. The Hykrion before her was hardly the noble ex-knight she'd expected. But after remembering how Bahzha's travels had changed him, it only made sense that Hykrion had changed as well. Only it seemed that Hykrion had changed for the worse. Nevertheless she knew her wish had guided her here for a reason. They needed his help. \"There is a battle coming to the Ivory Tower. New evil has come to Fantasia and if we don't face it and win, your world and mine will fall forever.\" Hykrion was as motionless as stone. \"Well perhaps Atreyu hasn't told you, but I've already fought my share of battles for the Ivory Tower. The last time I saw that place, it was nothing but a pile of burning rubble collapsing into the ground and taking all my dreams of honor and glory with it. So you'll excuse me if I respectfully decline your invitation to another blazing failure.\" He turned his back on them again. \"But I'm not so stupid as to go up against the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes. You should feel honored. You're about to become the first outsiders to leave these mountains alive. I'll have my boys escort you back. Don't show yourselves around here again.\" Adair clenched her fists at her sides. \"I was led here by the way of wishes! If you really are still loyal to Moon Child, that should mean something to you!\" Hykrion rounded on her. \"Didn't you hear me?! I said scram! I'd be an idiot to attack someone wearing the Gem, but what's stopping me from hurting your little friends? I think I'd fancy making a new necklace out of Atreyu's teeth. But I'm feeling generous, so I'll give you to the count of three to head back the way you came. One.\" She remained rooted to the spot. \"Two.\" \"Adair, I think we've seen enough.\" Jason pleaded. \"He's not going to help us.\" But she was resolute. She held her ground and stared defiantly into his eyes. If there was one thing her travels had taught her, it was that if she trusted in her wishes and gave them everything she had, they'd find a way to come true. Well they'd come as far as they could on their own, and now she had to trust that this was where she needed to be. \"Three!\" \"Boss!\" Another rockbiter was stomping his way up the summit, shouting for Hykrion. \"It's the Luckdragon! He's reached the village!\" The moment he heard, Hykrion's face changed. His sharp brow suddenly creased with lines of worry. Without any kind of explanation or any word at all he turned heel and took off down the other side of the mountain. The rockbiters chased after him, and Adair and the others followed. They raced down the mountainside into the valley below. Near the base Adair could see lights coming on in little houses. There was a small village hidden within the mountains. And when they came nearer she could see Falkor in the middle of it. She braced herself for what they might find when they reached the village square, but she wasn't prepared for what she saw. Falkor was lying on his back, surrounded by children. They were strange little boys and girls with wavy hair of many colors. Some had sky blue hair, others had hair of fiery red. Some had yellow, others had violet. Some even had pink. Falkor lay on his back, letting them climb on top of him while he threw each one in turn into the air. They returned to his waiting claws giggling and begging him to throw them again. Since coming to this mountain range Adair had been met with savagery and brute force. She never would have imagined anything like this here. On their arrival the children stopped playing. One little girl with long rosy pink hair ran straight to Hykrion and threw her arms around him. \"Uncle Hykrion!\" She cried. \"Where have you been? We've been having so much fun without you! Come meet our new friend!\" She tugged his hand. Hykrion sneered at the Luckdragon. \"We've met, Daisy.\" Falkor rolled onto his feet with a hearty laugh. \"So this is what you were hiding down here Hykrion. Mighty sly of you to keep all these young ones to yourself.\" Hykrion's gruff behavior earlier was starting to make sense, but that didn't make it any less surprising. Adair could scarcely believe the feared ex-knight turned marauder was actually the guardian of this secret village of children. And the village was most definitely theirs. The quaint little houses were much too small for any of the rockbiters, and they looked to be made and decorated completely with sweet things like candy, soft feathers, and wildflowers. There were so many flowers lining the streets, in the windows, the town square was dedicated to a flower garden. \"This is what you were protecting?\" Adair asked. \"You and the rockbiters have been guarding this village?\" Hykrion scratched his head and sighed. \"I suppose I have some explaining to do. I have a reputation to uphold after all.\" Hykrion led them to his own house in the village: the only one made out of wood and stone with a traditional thatched roof. It wasn't colorful and sweet like the ones that belonged to the children, but it was simple and homely. It was hardly the den of some vicious bandit. He led them inside and they were followed by the little girl he had called Daisy, and another boy with shoulder length blue hair who they learned was named Falcon. \"Have a seat.\" He motioned to the table in the middle of what served as the kitchen. There was a small wood-stove at the back and a pantry of food. Hykrion set his claymore down by the door and took a seat at the head of the table. \"Daisy, Falcon, set some places on the table. It's not every day we have guests.\" \"Yes Uncle Hykrion.\" they said together. Daisy leaned to give him a kiss on the cheek. As the two of them set about their tasks, Adair noticed something about the house. Even though it was Hykrion's, everything in it was adjusted to accommodate the children. His chair was the only one of a normal size, though it had a high back to support his girth. The other chairs were smaller and their legs were higher so that someone small that sat in them would be able to reach the table without too much difficulty. She helped herself into one awkwardly. Jason straddled the one to her left while Atreyu squeezed into the one on her right. Deisha took one look at them and quickly declined in favor of sitting on the floor. \"So what's all this about Hykrion?\" Atreyu asked. Hykrion sighed. \"Well as you can plainly see I am the guardian of this place. My boys and I guard this valley.\" Adair stole a glance out the window. The rockbiters had begun playing with the children outside along with Falkor. It seemed they were gentle after all. \"How did you end up here?\" she asked. \"Yeah.\" Jason interjected. \"How does someone like you go from being a butt-kicking warrior to being Papa Smurf?\" Hykrion narrowed his beady black eyes. \"Watch your tongue boy. I am no less a warrior now than I was then.\" Daisy and Falcon set bowls and spoons in front of them. \"I hope you enjoy mutton stew because that's all we have right now. It may be tough, but it puts hair on your chest. Right Falcon?\" \"Right Sir.\" Falcon smiled as he placed the pot he had taken from within the stove. He uncovered it and began serving the stew into their bowls. Daisy stopped what she was doing and tugged lightly on Adair's hair to get her attention. When she turned to see what she wanted, the little girl spoke directly and bluntly. \"I think you're pretty. Will you play with me later?\" Unsure of what to say, Adair nodded tentatively. \"If we have time.\" It was here that Adair noticed something else that was peculiar about the children. Both Daisy and Falcon had matching eyes. What she had first believed to be a light blue in their irises she could now see was unmistakably silver. She wondered if all the children shared these eyes. Daisy returned to Hykrion and forced her way onto his lap. She ate from the bowl she had placed in front of him and he didn't seem to mind. He didn't look in the mood for eating. With a long slow breath, Hykrion began to tell his tale. \"It was some years back after the Ivory Tower fell and we lost track of Bastian. My old companions Hydorn and Hysbald departed and I headed east. I had many adventures along the way, but nothing that could have prepared me for this. I traveled to the eastern coast along the Ocean of Mist. But I could find no boat to take me across. Not just anyone can sail across an ocean of pure mist you know. Many who try either sink to the bottom or are lost forever in the fog. But as it happened, one day while I began another search along the docks to take me across in search of Bastian, I was approached by a woman who told me she had a boat of her own. She claimed to know of Bastian and would gladly take me across if I aided her first. She said that she lived on an island in the middle of the Ocean of Mist called Tirnog. She said it was a beautiful island where disease and death did not exist. But there was a problem. She said that her people were plagued by a monster called the Ethahl. If I was able to slay the creature, she promised to aid me in my search for Lord Bastian. \"I went with her. Together we sailed across the mist to the isle of Tirnog. When we arrived, I met her people. Imagine my surprise to find the island inhabited entirely by women, and each one more beautiful than the last.\" \"So these were pretty women?\" Jason asked with a wry smile. \"Oh my lad, I had run with the loveliest of Fantasian women in my day.\" Hykrion boasted as he twirled the end of his mustache. \"elves, fairies, nymphs, I even met the Goddess of the Hunt herself once. But these were worldly women who could turn even my ears red. Why this one time-\" \"Um,\" Adair cleared her throat. \"There's kids here.\" Hykrion looked flustered. \"Right, of course. Anyway, they told me of the monster that ravaged their home. They said that it could sometimes be an eagle, other times a boar, or even a lion. And every night it would swoop down and take another of them to its lair and eat her. I took my sword and followed their instructions to its cave. The Ethahl charged me at once. Its eyes were like fire, and it changed shape many times as we fought. As a lion it tore at me with its claws. As a boar it charged me head on and nearly crushed me against the rocks. As an eagle it carried me into the sky in its talons to drop me to my death. Here is where I gained the upper hand. With my strength I broke free of its grasp and raised myself to the beast's back. With my weight I forced it back to the ground where I tore its head from its body with my bare hands. With the Ethahl dead, the women of the island rejoiced. They were good to their word. They knew some magic you see, and used it to learn of Bastian's whereabouts. But unfortunately all they had to tell me was that my lord Bastian had left Fantasia. With my quest at an end, I was unsure of what to do. They told me that they were in need of a strong and capable warrior to protect them, and I was happy to oblige. \"I don't know how long I stayed there, enjoying the island's many pleasures. Time didn't seem to exist on Tirnog. But one day I noticed that the island seemed to be losing its luster. The fruit rotted quickly. The game was dying off. Even the landscape was decaying. I ignored it at first, blinded by the beauty and sweet flattering words of my hosts. When I asked them about it, they told me not to worry, that their magic would soon find a solution. But one day I decided to investigate. I took my sword and returned to the cave where I had slain the Ethahl. When I got there, I found some of the women entering. They'd never told me about meeting here before. I hid and followed them. I watched from the mouth of the cave. What I saw there chilled me to the bone. Huddled there in the dark, and chained together by the ankles were dozens of children. They were small and pale and weak. I watched one of the women take a child from the lineup and place her hands around his neck. She forced him to scream, and with dark magic she used that scream to drain him of his youth. I watched her grow younger before my eyes, and when she was through the boy was a little paler, a little weaker. His hair was shabby and gray long before his time. That was where I learned the truth about Tirnog. The island did not belong to the women, it belonged to the children. My hosts were nothing more than a coven of witches who had stolen the island from these children and were draining them of their youth.\" \"Witches are obsessed with keeping their youth. And who can blame them? They age far worse than any being in Fantasia I've ever seen. And these weren't ordinary children. They were the Tuatha, cousins of the fairies, the legendary silver eyed children who never grow old. The Ethahl had been their guardian for centuries. After I had killed it there had been nothing protecting them from these witches. \"I waited there, wondering what to do. I waited a moment too long, for I was found by the others. They brought me into the cave. 'So now you know the truth' they said. They begged me not to be angry with them, said they would be gentle with the children from now on. They promised me all sorts of things that were pleasing to the ear. I had grown close with these women after all, had trusted them, even thought I loved them. I had succumbed to their temptations. I realized then I had a choice to make. I thank the Empress every day I had the strength to make the right one.\" \"You saved them?\" Adair asked, hanging with anticipation on every word of Hykrion's story. \"Aye.\" Hykrion nodded. \"I cut their chains and cleaved a path threw the witches, killing many of them. They pursued me to the coast where I feared we were lost. But the Tuatha knew the way through the mist and how to use the witches' boats. We climbed aboard. In time they came after us. We fled Tirnog and returned to mainland. I took the children with me and together we remained a step ahead of them. Sometimes they would overtake us and I was forced to slay a few more. There were no towns that would offer us shelter for fear that the coven would destroy them, and there were none in the cities who would even spare a glance for us. I decided to take them deep into the mountains instead. Here we could hide. Here I could defend them.\" \"And what about the rockbiters?\" Atreyu asked. \"The rockbiters that follow me are exiles from the north. They came here looking for a place to settle. I decided I could use them to help me protect the mountains. I challenged Baloc to a wrestling match and won. After that I forced them into my service. They resented it at first, but in time the Tuatha won them over too. And we've protected this village ever since, not just from the witches but from any who would take advantage of them. We made a name for ourselves and spread the legend of Hykrion the Slaughterer and his band of rockbiter bandits to make sure no one would ever come near this place. That is until you three showed up.\" His gaze hardened again. \"Alright, you've heard my tail. Now I want to hear yours. Why have you come to our mountains. Be sure not to leave anything out.\" Adair swallowed and looked to Atreyu. He nodded in agreement. She told their story so far, about the threat Volrac and the Circle of the Night posed to Fantasia, the plot to overthrow Moon Child, the battle coming to the Ivory Tower, and finished with their quest to find him and his old companions. Hykrion stroked his mustache and didn't say anything at all. His face was as impassive as stone. After they finished it was a while yet before he had anything to say. After a long while he set Daisy back on her feet. \"Falcon, take your sister to bed, and then see that the others turn in as well. It's long past your bed time.\" \"Yes Sir.\" Falcon replied respectfully and led Daisy out by the hand.\" Hykrion returned his attention to them. \"I see. So my old comrade Hydorn threw his lot in with your people eh? Interesting. He always seemed like such a city type. Now this... Volrac you said his name was? About his plan. Do you think he can do it? Replace the Empress I mean. I've seen some of the darkest magic there is, but this sounds a little out of the realm of possibility.\" \"These Witches who follow him, the Circle of the Night,\" Atreyu explained. \"Their magic is not of Fantasia, and it is more evil than anything I have ever seen. Whether or not they can isn't the issue. They're still going to try, and they'll probably destroy Fantasia beyond repair in the process.\" \"I see. And just what do you expect me to do?\" \"Isn't it obvious?\" Deisha interjected. \"We want you to fight with us?\" \"Is that right.\" Hykrion spat. \"Well as I've said before, I'm not a knight any longer. The days of questing and glory are over. I gave all that up and I'm not about to go back to it for the sake of a load of petty cowards who cast these little ones out when they needed them.\" Atreyu rose from his seat and leaned over the table earnestly. \"Hykrion, we were led to you by AURYN! That's tantamount to a summons from the Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes herself! It's your duty to respond!\" \"I will not be lectured about duty by the likes of you! I gave up my honor as a knight to protect them and I will not turn my back on them now!\" \"You'd be doing it protect them! This concerns them too!\" \"Says who? This new human of yours following the will of a sleeping empress? As far as I'm concerned this is your problem. I will stay here where I'm needed.\" Adair got to her feet and glared with a new ferocity in her eyes. She held AURYN up for him to see. \"And what if I demand it?\" Hykrion glared. \"You would use the Glory to compel me? Are you truly that desperate that you would commit the ultimate taboo of Fantasia. Not even the Childlike Empress forces her will on others, certainly not in order to leave a village of children defenseless.\" They stared defiantly at one another. It was like he was daring her to try it. Atreyu put his hand on Adair's and shook his head. She sighed and let AURYN fall back around her neck. She knew he was right. Using AURYN to force Hykrion against his will would make her no better than Volrac. \"I admire your passion Adair Alicia Artemis. You remind me of Bastian. It was a different Fantasia then, back when we cared about courage and went out of our way to save each other. But that Fantasia I remember is no more. These children are all I have left. They helped me to find true strength to put those I protect above everything else. I will not leave them. I'll provide you with lodging tonight, and send you on your way tomorrow. This negotiation is over.\" He rose from the table and turned his back on them. Adair believed that would be the end of it. She underestimated the brashness of her friends, one in particular. \"If you won't listen to negotiations then how about a duel?\" All eyes were on Jason now. Hykrion turned to face him. \"Do you even know what you're saying boy? You're honestly challenging me?\" Adair shook her head vigorously. Hykrion was easily the size of three Jason's. Deisha's spoon had stopped midway from her bowl to her mouth which was hanging wide open. \"Dang right I'm challenging you. You and me, blade on blade at dawn.\" Hykrion glanced from Jason to the sword still strapped to his back. He seemed almost amused. \"I don't doubt you know how to use that. I heard you brought down Greahl. He's still moaning about his ankle. Testing your skill would be interesting. But are you certain about this?\" \"What's the matter?\" Jason asked. \"Afraid you've gotten soft? Think you can't take a skinny human like me anymore?\" Hykrion grinned. \"Now you I like. So tell me, what are the stakes of this duel? Obviously if you win you expect me to accompany you and the others back to the Ivory Tower. But what if I win?\" Jason had been about to say that they would leave and never come back, but that sounded boring in his head. He thought for a moment and then made a devilish smirk that frightened Adair. \"If you beat me, not only do we leave you alone, Atreyu has to play tea-party with the girls in the village.\" \"What?\" Atreyu, Adair, and Deisha all said at once. Jason nodded. \"In a dress.\" \"WHAT?!\" They repeated louder. Hykrion's great shoulders shook with laughter as he grabbed Jason's hand and shook it. \"It's a deal. You and I shall face one another like true warriors at dawn.\" In spite of Hykrion's promise of lodgings, there was no house in the village that could afford room for the four of them. So the rockbiters had conceded one of the surrounding caves. Falkor remained outside and listened to what had happened from them. \"A duel?\" Falkor inquired. \"And if you lose, Atreyu has to do what?\" \"I can't believe you agreed to this Jason!\" Adair shouted as though he couldn't hear her through his practicing. \"Oh come on, do you have any faith in me?\" He asked as he swung his sword in practiced motion. \"But Jason,\" Falkor said again. \"Do you even know anything about dueling?\" \"Iole's been teaching me and you know I've been getting better. Besides,\" he tossed the blade over his head and caught it by the hilt behind his back. \"I've got luck on my side.\" \"You're being reckless! You're going to get yourself killed!\" \"Adair you are such a drama queen. This wouldn't be the first time I've gotten the snot beat out of me. And if I win, Hykrion will have to come with us.\" \"And if you lose?\" \"Then Atreyu has to wear a dress. I'm not seeing a downside.\" \"It's a bold plan.\" Deisha agreed. \"But I still say you went too far.\" \"I don't think so. I knew Hykrion wouldn't turn down an offer like that. You weren't kidding Atreyu, he hates your guts.\" Adair thought back on the harsh words the knight had spat at Atreyu, particularly the tale involving Bastian and a supposed betrayal. She wondered what had happened. Atreyu had always spoken highly of Bastian as his truest friend. She couldn't guess at what would prompt someone as pure as Atreyu to betray someone and wondered if Hykrion had gotten the tale wrong. That seemed more likely. She wanted to ask him about it, but she hadn't worked up the courage. Besides, she couldn't do it in front of Jason and Deisha. \"Jason's right.\" Atreyu agreed. \"AURYN led us to Hykrion. We need to do everything in our power to gain his support. We have to trust that everything will work out.\" \"We have nothing to worry about.\" Jason said with a surge of confidence. \"I'm almost an expert swordsman. Hykrion's strong, but Iole's taught me it's not about strength. It's about precision, agility, and above all brains.\" He tossed the blade high again as he spoke, but his luck wasn't as strong this time and the pommel struck him in the head on the way down. \"Owe!\" Atreyu groaned and buried his head in his hands. \"I'm doomed.\" Deisha patted his back sympathetically. \"Adair, where are you going?\" Falkor asked as she stomped from the cave. \"To get some fresh air. All of Jason's hot air is suffocating me.\" She stalked away from the cavern and found herself wandering closer to the village. The lights were out and the Tuatha were all cozy in their little houses. All except one. Adair almost collided with the little girl who stood in her path, and only her bright pink hair allowed her to catch a glimpse of her before running into her. She held up her hand and created a small light to see. She found the girl staring up at her curiously with her large silver eyes. \"Oh it's you. What are you doing out of bed Daisy?\" \"What are you doing out of bed?\" The little girl shot back. Adair nodded. \"Fair enough.\" \"Are you a witch?\" Daisy asked. \"No.\" she replied automatically, wondering if she should be insulted by the question. \"But you can do magic.\" \"I do the good kind. I'm not a witch.\" Daisy's face lit up. \"You mean the kind of magic Moon Child can use?\" She thought about that for a moment. \"Yeah, sort of like that.\" \"But if you're good, then why are you trying to take Uncle Hykrion away from us?\" She frowned. \"Who told you that?\" \"I heard you talking. You said you wanted Uncle Hykrion to go with you and fight a big battle. But if you do that, he could get hurt. I don't want Uncle Hykrion to get hurt. He takes care of us and we love him.\" Her silver eyes began to stream with tears. What could she say to that? Adair had never really been good with kids. Her only experience had been with Brian and Jamie and little Lizzie, and she had struggled with them. But Daisy reminded her so much of little Lizzie whose big brown eyes pleading for attention she'd begun to sorely miss. She wanted to say something that would console Daisy, but she didn't know how to talk to children. She took hold of AURYN and wished to know what to say. And then she did. \"Come here.\" she motioned for Daisy to follow her and they found a place to sit on an abandoned log. Daisy sat beside her and she put her arm around the girl and held her close. Her wish told her this was right. \"Do you remember when the witches kept you in that cave where your Uncle Hykrion found you?\" Daisy nodded meekly. It wasn't a memory she liked to dwell on, but one that Adair regrettably had to dredge up if she was going to make her understand. \"How did you feel?\" \"Scared. I was tired and sick all the time, but mostly I remember it was always dark and cold. They were so mean to us.\" She was shivering now and Adair was pulling her even tighter. \"Daisy, there are a lot of bad people that are going to the Ivory Tower to do some very bad things. They want to hurt Moon Child.\" Daisy gasped. \"And if they win, then everyone in Fantasia is going to feel like you did in that cave.\" \"No!\" Daisy cried. \"I don't want it to be dark and cold forever!\" \"I know.\" Adair stroked her hair and rubbed her back to calm her. \"That's why we're going to stop them. That's why we need your Uncle Hykrion's help. If he goes with us, he'll save a lot of people.\" Daisy was quiet for a moment. It was a lot for her childlike mind to take in. Idly Adair wondered how old she actually was. Time didn't seem to mean anything to the Tuatha. According to Hykrion, they would remain children forever. Daisy stood up. \"Then I hope he loses tomorrow.\" She gave Adair a soft kiss on the cheek that reminded her even more of Lizzie. \"Good night Adair. I'll see you in the morning.\" Adair watched her go and returned to her cave. The warmth of that little girl made it impossible to regret the wish she had made. She didn't even think on what memory she may have lost to it, or what else may have changed within her. She could now see in Daisy what Hykrion had seen in the rest of the children. She understood why he had called them his strength. Dawn came and all the children were lined up in the square, seating themselves on the ground for the show that was about to take place. The rockbiters had also gathered to spectate. Hykrion hefted his blade and looked Jason in the eye. \"Last chance to back down boy.\" Jason held his own sword in a fighting stance. \"Not a chance.\" Hykrion shrugged. \"I'll give you full marks for bravery. Shall we?\" They circled each other as the others watched. Adair wanted to shut her eyes but couldn't look away. This was Kevin Thomas all over again. Jason made the first strike, but Hykrion blocked it easily. He was quicker than his size let on. \"You call that a swing?\" the knight sneered. \"Here let me show you how it's done.\" Their blades were still locked, but that soon changed. With a powerful puff of his chest, Hykrion threw Jason off of him. Jason skidded a good three feet on the ground, but before he had even regained his footing Hykrion had swung his blade downward. Jason leaped out of its path and the claymore came to rest in the ground. An explosion of dust erupted from it that had the whole crowd of onlookers coughing and sputtering to get the dirt out of their mouths, except the rockbiters of course who licked it up and swallowed with delight. Jason was more nimble on his feet than Hykrion, but the knight was experienced and could block all of Jason's attacks. His own attacks were powerful. He struck with the strength of an ox. All Jason's luck could do was keep him a step ahead of his swings and allow him to dodge since he had no hope of blocking them. Every time he tried they sent him tumbling away like a rag doll. A few minutes into the fight, Jason was breathing heavily. His shoulders were heaving. He needed to think of something fast because his luck wasn't going to hold out forever. Clearing his head, he rested the tip of his blade in the ground. Hykrion took this as a sign of him lowering his defenses. \"Don't tell me you're giving up already. I was just starting to work up a sweat.\" Jason sighed and it looked for all the world that he was giving up, but at the last moment he swung the tip of his blade upward, scraping the dirt as he did. His luck held. The dirt he kicked up flew straight into Hykrion's eyes. The knight staggered and flailed his sword blindly. Jason side-stepped him and swung his pommel at Hykrion's hand to disarm him. It worked. Hykrion dropped the sword, but in a blind flail sent a fist into Jason's jaw. The boy rolled backwards and fell so hard his glasses were thrown off his face where Hykrion smashed them to pieces underfoot while he tried to clear his vision. \"My glasses!\" Jason cried. \"There you are!\" Hykrion shouted. He closed in on Jason and wrapped his powerful arms around him, squeezing him so tight he let go of his sword. Instead of struggling however, Jason went limp like a dead fish and used his weight to slip out of Hykrion's grasp. \"You're a slippery one.\" the knight complimented. Jason bent to retrieve his sword, but before he could, Hykrion kicked it away. Jason ran for it as his opponent gathered his own fallen weapon. Jason reached his weapon, grasped the hilt and turned around to face his foe. But he'd been too slow. Hykrion had retrieved his claymore first. Jason turned right into him and was struck in the gut, not by his blade but by the end of his hilt. He struck with such force that Jason was thrown off his feet and slammed into the rockbiter behind him. Adair and the others winced at the sight. Jason fell to the ground face first. Adair rushed to his side and rolled him onto his back, patting her hand against his face. \"Are you alright? Say something you idiot!\" He coughed and heaved to get his breath back. \"Wow you're pretty.\" he moaned. She slugged him in the shoulder. \"You moron! You could have been killed.\" Hykrion laughed and all the children cheered. \"Well Miss Adair Alicia Artemis, my apologies but it looks like I won't be going with you after all.\" Adair helped Jason to his feet and he leaned on her for support. He tried to speak, but had a drunken slur to his speech thanks to the beating he'd endured. \"Right, right. You won fair and square, and you know what Hickory? You're alright. Let's do this again some time.\" \"Indeed.\" Hykrion agreed. \"Best fight I've had in awhile. Whenever you feel in need of a good thrashing, you know where to find me.\" Before anything more could be said, a small voice was heard above the clamor. \"Daisy, where are you going?\" It was Falcon, and he was chasing after Daisy who was skipping to Adair's side. The girl dashed to Adair and gripped the skirt of her tunic. \"Uncle Hykrion's staying here, so I'm going with Adair. Someone has to go and help her save everyone.\" \"What?\" Hykrion cried. \"Daisy, what are you saying?\" \"Adair said that the bad people are going to put everyone in the dark again if we don't help her at the Ivory Tower. So I'm going to fight.\" Hykrion's face turned a furious shade of red. He pointed his sword at Adair. \"Is this your doing?\" Adair looked quickly from Daisy to Hykrion, too flustered at first to find words. \"No, I just told her why we came here to find you.\" Perhaps she hadn't explained things to Daisy as well as she'd thought. \"No Uncle Hykrion. Fantasia's my home too and I want it to be nice.\" Falcon rushed to stand by his sister. \"Well if you're going then I'm going.\" \"Me too.\" Said another boy, this one with forest green hair. \"I'm going too.\" Said a girl with hair the color of violets. She was followed by a chorus of \"Me too\" and \"I want to go\" and \"Don't leave me behind\" until every child in the village was standing next to Adair. \"Hey you can't go!\" one of the rockbiters shouted. \"Hykrion, they're not really going are they?\" \"No, they're not going.\" Hykrion said firmly. \"If they're going, then we're going.\" declared another rockbiter. \"Oh shut up you bumbling blockheads, no one is going anywhere! Now all of you get back here this instant!\" \"No Hykrion.\" said another Rockbiter. It was Baloc, the lead rockbiter with horns. \"They're right. All of them. The human spoke the truth yesterday when she said that this involved all of us. The children wish to defend Fantasia just as these travelers do.\" He strode to stand by the others and stared Hykrion in the face. \"I intend to go with them. These children are all that we hold dear in Fantasia. We'd have no home without them. I'll use all my strength to protect them, and if that means fighting at the Ivory Tower, then so be it.\" Baloc's declaration inspired the rest of the rockbiters to join them. Now Hykrion stood alone in the square while they watched him, waiting, hoping for a decision. Daisy stepped forward, hand in hand with her brother Falcon. \"Please Uncle Hykrion? I don't want it to be dark and cold anymore.\" Hykrion stared into her pure silver eyes, then with a cry of frustration he flung his sword to the ground. \"How can I say no to that face? All of you pack your things! We leave first thing in the morning!\" The children erupted into cheers before scurrying back into their little houses to pack. Hykrion was beside himself. He looked down at Adair when she stepped in front of him. \"I promise I'll keep them out of the fighting.\" \"You'd better.\" He growled. \"A hair on their heads gets harmed, and it won't be this Volrac or his Witches you need to fear.\" He looked into her eyes sternly, but then his eyes softened. \"By the Empress! I don't even know if my old armor will fit!\" Adair smiled. \"Thank you Hykrion.\" \"Thank me when this is over.\" He retorted. Atreyu moved to Adair's side. \"We should start getting ready as well.\" They were about to return to the cave when Hykrion seized Atreyu by the back of his tunic. \"And where do you think you're going?\" Atreyu looked up at him questioningly. \"We're going to get ready to leave.\" \"Not yet you're not. I may be going with you, but I believe I still won the duel. A deal's a deal Atreyu.\" \"Yeah.\" Jason said in agreement. He seemed to have regained his senses. \"A deal's a deal.\" \"You are horrible.\" Adair hissed to Jason, though she couldn't suppress a smile. \"I mean it. Truly despicable.\" Jason grinned. \"Go on.\" \"This is awful.\" Deisha said mournfully, but she was also smiling. \"I know I should look away, but for some reason I can't.\" \"That's it Deisha.\" Jason whispered. \"Give into your dark side.\" \"By the Empress, this is just too cruel.\" Deisha covered her mouth, whether to keep from crying or bursting into laughter they couldn't tell. Adair nudged him. \"How do you sleep at night?\" \"Like a baby.\" The three of them stayed in their hiding place as they watched the truly awful proceedings that would surely earn Jason a place as one of the cruelest souls in Fantasia. What they were watching was a gathering of about twenty little girls seated on a large blanket with a tea set in front of them. All in all there were around twenty girls, a jovial knight, and one very embarrassed boy warrior from the plains. \"This is for Fantasia.\" Atreyu whispered to himself over and over. \"This is for Fantasia.\" But that offered little comfort for the predicament he was in. His face was now the same shade of pink as the laced dress the girls had picked out for him to wear, and he didn't even want to think of the ribbons they had tied in his hair. \"This is for Fantasia.\" \"More tea Atreyu?\" Daisy asked, offering to pour from the porcelain teapot in her hand. \"Yes drink up Atreyu.\" Hykrion said smugly. \"Daisy brews the most savory tea. By the way, those pigtails really suit you.\" \"I tied them!\" Daisy proclaimed proudly. \"Lovely.\" Hykrion said, taking another of the cakes in front of him. \"Simply lovely.\" Now Atreyu's face had turned bright red from indignation, and the only thing that got him through this ordeal were the thoughts of revenge he planned to enact on Jason when it was over. He will pay. He thought bitterly. I swear by Moon Child's name, he will pay![Chapter 17] Chapter 16: The Tale of Three Packing all their belongings took no time at all. After the rather embarrassing end of the lost wager was over, the Tuatha were ready to leave the mountain village in minutes. Most were packing light. They seemed to think the journey would be a short one and that they would return in no time at all, back in their cozy houses. Adair wished she shared their optimism. She knew where they were heading, and that simply traveling there was treacherous enough. She didn't want to think too hard on the battle that awaited them there, but it had hung over her like a deadline. She hated deadlines. More than anything she hated the thought of the Tuatha children being in the Ivory Tower at the same time as the battle. She had promised Hykrion she would keep them out of the fighting, but so much was uncertain. She had seen the enemy host with her own eyes, or at least through Iole's, and she knew it had only grown since then. Up until now Adair had made her wishes mostly by accident, or had let them come to her. This was the first time she took it upon herself to make a wish. She held AURYN in her hand, lifted it close to her face, closed her eyes and wished harder than she ever had in her life. No matter what happens at the Tower, no matter how this turns out, I want the Tuatha to be safe. Please keep them safe, and let them find somewhere happy to live after it's over, even if we lose. She felt the warmth in the Glory through her fingers, but she still wasn't sure if it would work. Still, it was all she could do until the time came. \"What are you doing?\" Jason's voice startled her. The white marks on the sides of his nose stood out sharply where his glasses used to be. \"Nothing.\" She quickly dropped the medallion back inside her tunic. \"You were wishing again weren't you.\" Feeling guilty over this seemed a little silly to her at this point. \"Is that a problem?\" she asked, not without an edge to her voice. \"You promised you wouldn't use it unless we needed it.\" \"Well we needed it.\" she spat. \"How many have you made since we came here?\" She was taken aback, and even a little insulted by this sudden change in attitude. \"What? You expect me to keep a log book now? Some of these I don't even know when I make them.\" \"Well that's convenient.\" The two of them stared at each other, he with unexplained accusation and she with utter astonishment. He shook his head. \"I'm sorry. I don't mean it like that. It's just... you're scaring me you know? I'm scared that tomorrow when I wake you up and tell you it's time to go, you'll be all 'I'm sorry. Do I know you?'\" \"It wouldn't be the first time a girl's told you that, I'm sure.\" Jason's jaw dropped and he put a hand to his chest. \"Ouch.\" She regretted it the moment it was out of her mouth, but she didn't apologize. Instead she hung her head and looked away from him. \"It was important.\" she told him, feeling silly that she needed to defend her decision to him. \"Okay.\" \"Can we go now?\" Jason nodded slowly. \"Okay.\" It was all he said. They didn't speak again as they met up with the others. They didn't even meet eyes. Their coldness towards one another did not go unnoticed by Atreyu and Deisha who exchanged confused glances. \"Everything alright?\" Atreyu asked. Adair put on a shallow grin. \"Everything's fine.\" But Jason shot him a glare that only confused the boy warrior even more. They noticed it along the mountain path as well. As the throng of Tuatha children and rockbiters pressed out of the valley and down the mountainside with Hykrion in the lead, Adair barely spoke and Jason did not speak at all. But his bitter expression was plain as day. Even Falkor, who was hovering just above the party knew something was amiss between the two friends. The group had grown accustomed to the two's sarcastic jabs back and forth at one another, and Jason was always telling jokes or stories to try and lighten the mood. To those that knew them, this silence was unnerving. Atreyu leaned closer to Deisha. \"What do you suppose brought this on all of a sudden?\" Deisha's look was a somber one. \"I don't think this came on 'all of a sudden'.\" she replied grimly. Atreyu wasn't certain what she meant, but Deisha had been learning little by little about what was going on in Jason's head. It was a feeling she was familiar with. But the understanding of the situation brought her no comfort. In fact it only made her more anxious. Like a pot of water over a small fire she had watched Jason's temperament heating ever so slowly. And here at the base of the mountain it would at last reach its boiling point. After hours of tense silence from their little party (Hykrion, the Tuatha, and the rockbiters were actually quite talkative and could not sense their darkening moods at all), they finally left the mountain range. Little Daisy and Falcon ran ahead of the others. They had spotted something. \"Daisy, Falcon, don't get too far ahead!\" Hykrion shouted without need. They hadn't even left the shadow of the mountain yet. They stopped and approached their discovery cautiously with eyes full of wonder. \"It's so pretty!\" Daisy said in awe. \"What is it?\" she asked, for she had never seen a horse before. \"It's a horse.\" Falcon explained. He had seen drawings of horses in one of the books Hykrion had brought back from his raids. \"Come on!\" Daisy called. \"Let's go show the others.\" The girl was fearless as she took the horse by the mane and led him gently back the way they'd come. Thankfully the horse didn't mind and let the girl lead him where she pleased. \"Uncle Hykrion! Look! We found a horse!\" Hykrion's chiseled features softened in a look of genuine surprise. He was impressed with the animal. \"That's not just any horse. That's a stallion. And a fine one. I remember riding a horse like this in my younger days. The guard of the Ivory Tower ride steeds like these ones all over the grounds. But what's a fine horse like this doing out here?\" He looked ahead warily for any riders, though he didn't suspect any. The horse had no saddle. \"Adair! What do you make of this?\" He called back as the others approached the top of the ridge they had just crossed. Adair's eyes went wide when they found the horse. She recognized him at once. \"Arian!\" Forgetting her heavier feelings for the moment, she dashed to the stallion's side. Arian could sense her approaching and whinnied with delight. She stroked his face affectionately. \"I thought I'd never see you again.\" He stared at her with his mist colored eyes as if to say: Did you forget you wished me back? She had forgotten the wish she had made when they'd been forced to part. Atreyu and the others returned to her side, Jason dragging his feet behind them. \"Isn't that the horse you left the tower with?\" Deisha asked. \"Yes.\" Atreyu answered. \"We were forced to leave him behind after Iole found us. He must be a clever beast to find us all the way out here.\" \"Yeah.\" Jason agreed bitterly. \"It's like magic. \" Adair did not miss the venom in his voice, though he had coated it on so thickly it would have been a wonder if anyone missed it. She turned to face her friend to find his arms folded and his blue eyes narrowed. \"Was this that important wish you made? You're trading your memories for pets now?\" Had Adair been in better spirits she would have ignored his snap and explained that Arian's return was something she'd wished for much earlier. But as it stood she'd had enough of his foul mood. \"Jason, my wishes and my memories are my business, not yours.\" \"You promised me you'd only do it for something important!\" Atreyu looked from Jason to Adair earnestly. Deisha watched them as well, though she looked more ready to duck for cover than add her thoughts to this mess. \"Is that what this is about?\" Atreyu interrupted. \"Jason, wishes are complicated. They come from the heart, and sometimes they're hard to control. It's not Adair's fault.\" \"No, you're right.\" Jason's voice grew darker than any of them had ever heard it. \"It's not her fault.\" His knuckles curled into a fist. That was all the warning Atreyu got before his fist connected his jaw. \"It's yours!\" Atreyu staggered back, placing a hand to his wounded jaw and looked to Jason with a hurt and confused expression. The others were too stunned to move. They looked on wide-eyed at the two. \"What was that for?!\" Jason wrung the pain out of his hand and made a beckoning gesture. \"You going to hit me back? Choir boy?\" \"Choir boy? I don't even sing!\" Another unexpected punch sent him reeling back. This one connected with his nose. It wasn't hard enough to make him bleed, but enough to blur his vision for a moment. \"Jason stop it!\" Adair came between them. She couldn't decide whether to be angry with Jason or frightened so her head and her stomach swirled with both in a sickening dance. Jason had no remorse. \"Come on, he asked for that one.\" He returned his attention to Atreyu who still had his hands over his nose. \"Going to hit me back yet, or are you going to let Adair solve this for you like she solves all your other problems.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Oh don't give me the helpless martyr act.\" Jason snapped. \"You drag her into your mess and then puff your chest out like you're doing her some kind of favor! Is that why Bastian hated you? Did you use him like you're using her?\" Atreyu's expression darkened at once. \"Do not speak of Bastian that way. He was my friend.\" \"Yeah I could tell from the scar he gave you.\" Jason stepped around Adair. \"All that matters to you is what happens to your precious Fantasia! You'd throw us both off a cliff if you thought that would solve anything!You didn't care about him and you don't care about her.\" He threw another punch, but this time he met resistance. Atreyu caught him by the wrist and held it firmly. The look in his dark eyes told Jason he had finally crossed the line and hit the nerve he had aimed for. With a sharp jerk, he twisted Jason's arm back and sent a kick into his ribs. Jason coughed and staggered back, but he was smiling. \"Not so untouchable after all huh Choir Boy?\" Atreyu was throwing punches as recklessly as Jason now. They were exchanging blows heavily. It wasn't like their battles with monsters and demons. It wasn't even like Jason's duel with Hykrion which had taken skill and accuracy. This was exactly what it looked like: two boys throwing punches at each other. Nothing but blind fury and unchecked emotions. Atreyu caught Jason's arm as he swung it for a right hook, but Jason used his free hand to swipe past Atreyu's head and clamp down on the back of his neck. They grappled for a moment or two before their weight threw them off balance and they tumbled together off the ridge and into the dirt. Adair and Deisha made to run down the ridge after them, but they both felt a heavy hand on their shoulders. Hykrion shook his head at the two of them. \"Do me a favor. Take the children somewhere else. I don't want them watching this. Daisy, Falcon, go with them.\" Adair nodded and took the two children by the hand. She didn't know what Hykrion had planned, but she couldn't watch her friends tearing at each other this way. Deisha led Arian until they were out of sight of the scuffle. \"This isn't like Jason.\" Adair explained with an edge of unease in her voice. \"I don't know what got into him.\" Deisha only scowled. \"This is your fault you know.\" she hissed. Adair stopped walking. Sensing the situation, Daisy and Falcon went on ahead of them. They didn't want to be in the middle of another fight. \"You mean you blame me for making that wish too?\" \"That's not what I'm talking about.\" the plains girl replied. \"Then what are you talking about?\" Deisha rolled her eyes. \"You're either dense or you're one of the cruelest people I've ever met.\" She left Adair there, leading Arian away. \"For what it's worth,\" she called over her shoulder. \"I don't think you're a cruel person.\" \"So I'm dense?\" She called after her. \"Looks like it.\" Adair let Deisha walk away. She couldn't make heads or tails of what the plains girl was trying to say. If it wasn't about the wish, then what were they fighting about? Well she knew why Atreyu was fighting Jason. This only confirmed her suspicion that something dark had transpired between him and Bastian in the past. What she couldn't figure out was what had caused Jason to snap the way he did if not her wish. And why was he taking it out on Atreyu of all people? All her confusion at the incident was enough to make her believe she was dense. And it wasn't that really. As we've already seen Adair was an intelligent individual who could think quickly on her feet. The reason she failed to understand what had brought on Jason's anger was because of the ten long years her heart had been asleep. She was in new territory she had previously sealed herself off from. The ways of the heart were the greatest mystery in all the world to her. She found herself returning to where Hykrion was dealing with the two boys. He had succeeded in coming between them and prying them apart. They were both covered in dirt. It crusted their hair and caked the sides of their face. Atreyu even looked like he'd swallowed some. Being smaller than most of his class, Jason knew how to fight dirty. \"Now I couldn't help but notice,\" Hykrion said sternly, looking from one dust encrusted boy to the other, \"that while the two of you looked about to kill each other, neither one of you reached for your swords. Those are fine weapons you have strapped to your backs. Why not just take this business to your blades and be done with it? Would have been faster and saved us all that grotesque display the two of you just put on.\" Atreyu looked horrified by the suggestion, and Jason merely glowered and dusted himself off. \"I didn't want to kill him!\" Atreyu proclaimed at the same time that Jason said \"He's not worth it.\" \"Precisely!\" Hykrion scolded. \"Anger between comrades is one thing, but to let it come to blows is disgraceful! If it's not worth killing one another, than it's not worth this! You Jason, this is not the way of true warriors, sniping at your comrade in arms and picking fights like a bully! And Atreyu,\" His voice dropped low and dripped in even more disapproval than he had used with Jason. \"I am disgusted that you would stoop to this level. It seems you did not learn your lesson from Bastian of what comes from contention between comrades.\" Jason took the whole thing keeping his arms folded stubbornly, refusing to meet Hykrion's eyes. But at this berating, Atreyu's eyes had begun to well with tears. If he appeared angry, it was directed at himself. \"You're right.\" He admitted, still fighting back tears. \"I'm sorry Jason. I never should have struck you. But I don't understand. Why did you attack me?\" \"I already told you.\" Jason snapped. \"I'm not using Adair, I promise. I care about her just as much as you do.\" \"No you don't. If you did, you wouldn't have asked her to do any of this... this quest and these wishes.\" \"She's on this quest because she chose to. I haven't made her do anything!\" \"That's a lie! Everything she's done has been because of you! Before she met you, she would have walked away from all this without a second thought! She wouldn't be taking these risks! If it weren't for you she could have gone home a long time ago!\" Adair tensed. Was Jason going to tell him about the ring? He had promised not to, but in this state who knew what he was capable of? \"What are you talking about?\" Atreyu asked. His expression was earnest, but there was also a hint of suspicion in his voice. \"This is ridiculous. I can see it, Deisha can see it, everyone knows except you!\" Jason clenched his fists, and Adair feared he was going to hit Atreyu again. Instead he shoved past him and started walking ahead. Adair stumbled to catch up with him. \"Jason! Wait!\" He stopped and turned to face her. Though he had been full of fire and anger only a moment ago, when his eyes met hers his countenance was one of defeat. It made her forget what she had been about to say. Questions spilled out of her all at once. \"What's this about? Why are you acting like this? What did you mean back there?\" \"So Atreyu's not the only one that can't see it. Or do you really think I'm that stupid?\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"I'm talking about how you feel about him. Why else would you still be here? I can't take it anymore.\" She felt as though she'd been struck in the stomach. Why would he say something like that? Was it possible that Jason knew her feelings better than she did? But then again, hadn't it always been that way? Hadn't he been that friend who stuck by her side and helped her make sense of everything? \"If that's true, then why are you still here?\" This seemed to hurt Jason more than anything else that had happened since they came here. It didn't take him long to regain his composure, but for that one second she watched his face contort in agony. \"You really need to ask me that?\" He stepped closer to her, and then closer still until they were almost touching. \"For the same reason I'm always right outside Rosemary's place to walk you to school every morning. It's why I've taken beating after beating for you at school. It's why I walk you to your house and then stay outside and watch your window and wait for your light to come on. It's why you whistle and I come running, why I would jump when you snap. It's why I've stayed by your side as often as I physically could every day since we met for ten years.\" He reached for her then, and she felt a shiver crawl down her spine as he placed his hand on the side of her face. He brushed a strand of her sandy blond hair behind her ear. Then he let his hand drop and walked away without another word. She watched him go, frozen where she stood. She berated herself in her head over and over. How could she have been so stupid? Ten years of being his friend and she had never once noticed, never even suspected, never let it enter her head that he might have wanted her to be more than his friend. What was worse, she didn't know how she felt about it. She didn't know how to feel about what he'd said about Atreyu either. Was he right? Did she have feelings for him? She admired him surely, trusted him completely, and had come to depend on his courage. She stopped and took a moment to look inward. She needed to search her heart. Do I have feelings for Atreyu? The answer came to her quicker than she thought. Of course I do. Do I have feelings for Jason? Of this she wasn't sure. She felt something for him, but was it what he wanted or was it merely friendship? Was there a difference? \"He'll be alright Missy.\" Hykrion's voice startled her. \"Just give him a little space. We men like to work out our feelings alone. Otherwise people would start to suspect we have them.\" He winked at her slyly. She felt heat rising in her face when she noticed Atreyu standing behind him. \"I'm sorry Adair. I didn't mean for it to go that far.\" She didn't say anything. Her face was hotter than ever and she knew it was red. When she saw him start to blush as well it only got worse. \"Well I'll go tell the children it's safe to go on ahead.\" Hykrion said, sounding flustered and quickly ejected himself from the situation. His leaving didn't seem to change anything though. They just kept staring at each other, unable to speak. She suddenly felt very dizzy. She needed to sit down. \"Let's wait for them.\" She said, quickly looking away. She turned her back to him and sat down on a grassy patch on the hill. He sat next to her, and when she looked she saw his hand was trembling. She remembered that night at camp when he'd told her he didn't know how to act around girls. They'd come a long way since then, and he had long stopped acting awkward around her. Now it was like they'd taken a step backward. In spite of that, he was the one to break the silence. \"About what Jason said... Is it true?\" \"What part?\" It was a stupid question. She knew exactly what he was talking about. She just wasn't ready for an answer. \"About how you're only on this quest for me.\" \"No that part's not true.\" She answered quickly. \"I'm on this quest for me too.\" \"So I am part of the reason?\" \"I guess so. I was different before I met you. The old me never would have gotten this far. I never would have made my first wish if it weren't for you. But I'm not sorry. I like the way I've changed. I'm happier now.\" She caught him smile, but he still wasn't looking at her. \"I'm happy when I'm with you too. So... what about the rest of it? Do you really... feel that way about me?\" She shivered again. \"I...\" She knew she should say yes. It was the truth after all. \"I'm not sure. I might.\" \"But you told me you didn't.\" \"I know, but that feels like it was a long time ago. This is all so new to me. I've never even thought about it before.\" \"Me neither.\" he admitted. \"So if I did... what would you say?\" \"I don't know. I guess we'd have to wait until we were sure.\" She nodded. \"Right. Let's just take it as it comes.\" \"Sounds good to me.\" As they sat side by side waiting for the others to catch up, they felt a breeze above them and looked up to see Falkor flying ahead. Deisha was on his back. \"Where do you suppose they're going?\" \"I don't know.\" Atreyu answered numbly, and before she could say anything more she felt him take her hand. Even though she could feel it was still shaking, his hand was very warm. It surprised her, but she didn't pull her own away. She let him lace his fingers through hers. They still couldn't meet eyes, but they were both smiling. Jason hadn't gotten far before Falkor swooped over his head and landed right in front of him. Deisha was straddling his back and stared at him with her fierce green eyes. She held out her hand. \"Get on.\" He eyed her warily. \"Why? So you can drop me?\" She rolled her eyes. \"Just get on.\" \"Trust us Jason.\" Falkor winked one of his giant ruby eyes. \"Have I let you fall yet?\" \"This is a peace offering.\" she explained. \"Oh you want to parlais.\" She cast him a sideways glance. \"What?\" \"Geez, are there no pirates in Fantasia?\" \"Of course there are. But...\" She sighed in frustration. \"Look, last chance. Get on or not.\" Jason relented and let Deisha help him onto Falkor's back. The luckdragon lifted off gracefully. Jason felt comfortable enough riding him that he leaned back to lay down. He folded his arms behind his head and sighed. \"I'm sorry about what I did back there.\" \"No you're not.\" She replied, but she had none of the accusation he'd been expecting. In truth he did feel sorry. Not for hitting Atreyu, but for the way he'd done it. He had thrown punches at someone who had been content to take it until he provoked him by saying things he knew would hurt him. The worst was what Hykrion had said. Jason had fought bullies before and had been the victim of their anger more often than he cared to remember. To be called a bully had cut him deeply. But this wasn't why he was apologizing to Deisha. He felt he owed her a different apology. \"Well I am sorry about what I said. I do care about this quest. Fantasia's important to me too.\" \"I know.\" He sat up. \"You know?\" \"Yes. I know how you feel.\" He snorted. \"Yeah I guess you would.\" She turned her head to look at him. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"It means I know how you feel about him. Is that why you called me up here?\" She looked about to argue, but she decided against it. \"Sort of.\" she admitted. \"What would you say to an alliance?\" He quirked an eyebrow. \"What do you mean?\" \"I care about him, you care about her, and no matter what they say they care a lot about each other. I've never seen him look at someone like he looks at her and it makes me sick to my stomach. So I guess I understand how you can hate him.\" \"I don't hate Atreyu.\" he admitted. \"Oh.\" She hesitated. \"You don't?\" \"Don't get me wrong, he can tick me off, but I can't really bring myself to hate him. And I can't blame him for feeling the way he does about Adair. At the end of the day I know he's a good person. If I hate Choir Boy for anything it's for being too good.\" \"I understand.\" She agreed. \"I guess I don't hate Adair either. She has a good heart. I just hate that I'm losing to her. But no matter what they feel, they're just fooling themselves.\" \"How's that?\" \"Think about it. They're from two completely different worlds. Our worlds have rules. The first is that nothing from Fantasia can cross the border into your world. The other is that no matter what happens, no human can stay in Fantasia. The ones that do lose all their memories, and Atreyu would never let that happen to her. It's like you said, he's too good. So when everything is said and done, you and her will have to return to your world and we'll be left here to carry on without you. So until then, how about we just focus on the quest and do our best to get along. No more taking our anger out on them. Got it?\" \"I think I can do that.\" She held her hand out to him. \"Shake on it.\" He took her hand and shook on their agreement. \"But in the meantime, is there anything wrong with running a little interference?\" \"You mean with them? You didn't really think I was going to give up so easily did you? I'm already thinking of ways to win him back. I won't lose.\" He chuckled. \"So there is a girl underneath all those briars and teeth.\" She shot him a wry smile. \"But if you tell anyone, I'll hog tie you and leave you in the Bestial Desert for the shrieking piranha wolves.\" He gave her a two-fingered salute. \"Understood.\" Falkor smiled to himself as he listened to the two of them. Memories of his own youth flashed to him of what it was like to be young and in love. But that is another story and shall be told another time. They traveled the rest of the day in each other's company while Atreyu and Adair walked with Hykrion and the children. The procession was a little lighter as they progressed, like they had carried a heavy mist with them out of the mountains that was only now beginning to clear. They laughed, they joked, they played games and sang with the children, and the rockbiters joined in with their calamitous off key baritone voices. They traveled all day and into the night until they found a sheltered ground where they could camp. When Atreyu and Adair built the fire, Jason, Deisha, and Falkor joined them. Atreyu stood to look Jason in the eye and there was a tense silence as the rest watched them. Then Jason put his hand forward. \"I'm sorry. I was a jerk.\" Atreyu took his hand. \"I've been thoughtless as well. I promise to be more sensitive to your feelings from now on. Both yours and Adair's.\" \"Does this mean you two won't fight again?\" Adair prodded. Atreyu grinned. \"Almost. I still plan to have my revenge for the tea-party.\" \"You're on.\" Jason flashed him a devilish smile. \"But the loser has to jump into the coldest lake in Fantasia naked.\" \"I know just the place.\" They both laughed at that. Adair and Deisha shook their heads and looked to each other. \"Boys.\" From then on there existed a rivalry between Atreyu and Jason. Though neither of them spoke of it, they both knew it was there. It was the same with Adair and Deisha. But they had learned something important that day. It was possible to be strong rivals and still friends. \"Well that was boring.\" Nag griped. \"I was hoping for another fight.\" Fay sighed. \"They both care too much for Adair to upset her that way again.\" \"Will you two be quiet!\" Thoth whispered to them, quite unnecessarily. They were the only ones in the darkened opera house aside from the performers. \"It's been ages since we've been able to enjoy some real culture.\" \"Thank the darkness for that. This tie you made me wear is killing me!\" Nag moaned, scratching at the collar of the white button down shirt Thoth had forced on it along with the black tie and vest. Its new garb aside, it still wore its black leather leggings and chose to forgo the use of shoes, letting its bare claw-tipped feet hang free. After unsuccessfully relieving its itch with its claws, it bent its leg at an unnatural angle to scratch at its neck with its foot. Fay and Thoth had chosen to dress for the occasion as well, though the former only did so at the urging of the latter. She'd only heard the performance as a dull humming in the background, never once looking up from her book. She wore a dark violet blouse with a blooming skirt and lace petticoat while he wore a black tuxedo with a garish red bow tie. A white scarf was draped elegantly over his shoulders. Thoth watched the performers intently with a broad smile, swinging his fingers lightly as a conductor might. The candlelight of the theater danced eerily across his lenses. The Fantasian performers were living breathing instruments. They were made entirely of slick white marble and bore somewhere on their body an instrument that was part of them. One was little more than a head on two stubby legs with a pipe for a nose, playing the notes with short marble fingers. One was a tall woman with a wide cello for her chest. One had a smile that stretched an entire foot long to accommodate for the flute whose keys served as his teeth. There were others making up this frightening orchestra, but perhaps the most disturbing were the Siamese twins that were joined at the hip and shared one pair of legs. The first sister leaned away from the second so that she could play the piano whose keys were set into her twin's back. To anyone else, this troupe of musicians would have appeared quite nightmarish, but Thoth was enthralled. Though they were alone in the grand opera theater, they sat six entire rows back from the stage. Even in space that they had claimed for their own, the Circle of the Night preferred to skulk in the shadows. \"Who knew a land as chaotic as Fantasia could foster such genius. Such sophistication! Tell me, what was this piece called again?\" Nag grimaced as it opened the program it had been fitfully picking apart for the last hour and read the title of the piece. \"Beethoven's Ninth Symphony in D Minor.\" \"Beethoven. What a brilliant mind his must have been.\" Fay rolled her eyes and continued reading. \"Don't you roll your eyes at me Fay. We'll have plenty of time to return to your headache when this is over. After all the time we've wasted I am owed this!\" \"As you wish.\" she replied without sincerity as she did with everything else. \"So does the experiment change now?\" Nag asked her. \"Now that they know?\" \"Yes m'dear Fay, do explain. What changes are in store now that, to borrow one of your phrases, 'the cat is out of the bag'?\" \"It does alter the situation now that they know one another's feelings. Now that they are aware of the Strongest Magic working within them, where they go from here depends on how they feel about that knowledge.\" \"What does that mean?\" Nag asked. \"It means that they can either embrace it and let it thrive, or they can choose to neglect it and let it deteriorate back into a casual relationship, or simply die all together. However, past data has shown that once the Strongest Magic's existence is known, it is almost impossible to return things to the way they were, especially in a situation where it binds more than two parties. No matter what they choose from here on, there will be both pain and loss. If Adair chooses Atreyu, Jason's heart will be broken. Likewise-\" \"Atreyu's heart will break if she chooses Jason.\" Thoth finished for her. \"Not to mention the damage that would be done to that little Plains filly if she loses Atreyu. What was her name again? It's growing difficult to track all the players in your tragedy.\" \"I actually haven't been paying very close attention to her either.\" Fay replied. \"Tragedy?\" Nag questioned. \"This sounds more like a comedy to me, all of them so new to these feelings, unsure of what to do with them. They can't help but make complete fools of themselves. I plan to laugh this up all the way to the end.\" It made a shriek of frustration then. \"This tie is dreadful!\" Fay smirked and returned to her reading. It was then that the movement on stage reached its climax. Thoth's was the only applause that echoed in the expanse of the opera house, but he made it count as the macabre performers took mechanical bows. \"Brava!\" He called to them, rising out of his seat as he did so. \"Bravissima! Stupenda!\" Fay glanced up at the grand clock that hung on the wall at the rear of the theater. \"Just in time. Volrac will contact us soon. It's almost time to gather the army.\" A wave of blue fire streaked across the sky as Falkor unleashed his fury on another wave of winged demons. They were the same as the ones that had surrounded them on their first journey to the Ivory Tower, and this time their leader had come with them; a Creature of Darkness called Twinfang. Once he had been a brilliant scientist in Fantasia until he was driven mad by the loss of his twin sister. He had turned to dark magic and combined it with his science to contain his sister's soul within him, but the process had turned him savage, and his sister was now nothing more than a malevolent spirit that used him as a host. But that is another story and shall be told another time. Twinfang rode one of the vulture like demons and shouted commands at them in his gruff voice from his first face, a man's face with spiky black hair and skin so red and leathery he looked like he had been burned. His sister spoke from the face that shared the left side of his head, this one pale white with rouge red lips and long black hair that cascaded down the side, keeping her hidden until she felt the need to speak. Even Twinfang's clothes were shoddy stitches of the two lives they had once been, pieced together from his white lab coat and her black funeral dress. \"Kill the Luckdragon!\" The red face crowed. \"But brother,\" hissed the white face, \"our orders were only to intercept the red-haired knight before he reached this place. Shouldn't we have remained hidden?\" \"And miss this chance?\" The red face growled. \"Never! Kill Atreyu! Kill the humans! And secure the vision of our Lord Volrac!\" The white face smiled with her scarlet lips and pointed teeth. \"Yes brother! Kill kill kill to your heart's delight!\" Then the two voices joined together and laughed most hideously. Riding on Falkor's back, Atreyu and Deisha had their bows out and Adair rode behind them, weaving her magic into their arrows. Each one that struck a demon exploded in a shower of golden sparks that destroyed its target and spread its fire to the others near it. Jason stood on the Luckdragon's back and with finesse would swing his blade at the demons that drew too near. One swooped from the side with talons outstretched to catch Adair, but only met the tip of Jason's sword as he buried the blade all the way up to the hilt in its chest. The wound he created didn't bleed, but rather it smoked and hissed like burning steel being submerged in water. The monster shrieked and fell to the ground. Adair nodded to Jason. \"Thanks.\" \"Don't mention it. Atreyu, get your blade out. I've got an idea.\" Atreyu gave him a puzzled look, but drew his sword just the same. \"Falkor get us high.\" \"You've got it!\" Meanwhile on the ground, Hykrion had taken command of the rockbiters who had formed a circle of protection around the Tuatha. \"Bring the blighters down!\" Hykrion commanded, and at his urging they snatched up boulders and great mounds of earth around them to hurled them with tremendous strength. At Jason's urging, Falkor rocketed higher into the sky with a horde of the demons swirling in a wave behind him. \"Try and get us right above Twinfang.\" \"I like where this is heading!\" Falkor roared with glee. Jason turned to Atreyu. \"Can you guide our fall?\" The Plains warrior looked down at the their target. \"I've fallen from worse.\" \"Are you two out of your mind?\" Adair shouted. Jason only hefted his lucky blade. \"Got to take risks if we want our luck to work.\" \"There's risks, and then there's just plain suicidal!\" Deisha shouted. Atreyu ignored their protests. \"You two cover us.\" With the danger heightening and the flock of demon birds closing in on them, Adair only nodded and turned to Deisha. \"Deisha, fire on my mark.\" In spite of her own reservations, Deisha agreed and knocked an arrow to her string. Falkor soared higher until he was above the entire murder of crows. \"Now!\" Deisha fired at Adair's behest, but had not aimed at any of the demons themselves. Her arrow shot through a clear path between them, and with Adair's magic a forceful whirlwind blasted them off course. \"That's our cue!\" Jason took Atreyu's hand and the two of them vaulted off Falkor's back. Free falling, they kept their eyes on their target. Twinfang rode a demon much larger than the rest of the flock with segmented plates all along its back like a cockroach. It was at the crown of this shell that Twinfang rode, standing on his two feet, unaffected by the wind and turbulence. He watched his demons scattered by the wind and his red face growled, still unaware of his rapidly descending foes. \"The human's magic is strong!\" \"But brother, did you forget?\" crooned the white face. \"We have magic of our own.\" \"How right you are sister. Shall we?\" Twinfang outstretched its mismatched arms, one broad and muscular with jagged yellowed fingernails, the other slender with red lacquered nails pointed into claws. Blue and red sparks gathered in each hand, forming two magical orbs. In his broad right hand he held an orb of violent red fire, and in his slender left hand he held a swirling disc of biting azure ice. He brought them together in one formidable blend and aimed to launch it at Falkor. As luck would have it, Jason and Atreyu fell directly in front of him just as he launched it, and with a broad arc of their swords diffused the magical attack. They gained their balance and took ready fighting stances, both with the tip of their swords leveled at Twinfang's throat. \"Now what have we here?\" The white face chuckled. \"Two against one is hardly fair.\" the red face roared. \"Let us make things a bit more even.\" The white face said in agreement. Then Twinfang did something truly horrifying. The white face split off from the red face, and continued splitting down the middle until his body was in two separate halves. The inside of the two halves was lined with hooked fangs like the inside the mouth of some horrid beast. As the two halves detached to stand on the one leg that was left to them, one of the fangs inside grew and twisted until it came to rest on the ground, a new makeshift leg. Then both halves held up their one arm and before the two warrior's eyes their claws grew to the length of blades. The white half laughed as she somersaulted off the side of the demon and re-emerged behind them, brandishing her scarlet claws. The red half closed in on them with his jagged yellowing claws. Acting quickly, Atreyu and Jason stood back to back. With his lucky black and red blade, Jason took on the white half while Atreyu took on the red. \"Why am I fighting the girl half?\" Jason grimaced, keeping the white half at bay as she swung her razor claws with precision. \"I fought the girl last time. I don't fight women!\" \"Plains Warrior honor.\" Atreyu explained, blocking another wild swing from the red half who fought with less precision, but with ten times the ferocity of his sister. \"I take the stronger looking opponent for myself.\" \"Well let me take him.\" Jason complained. \"I'm more used to fighting bullies. Besides, it's like you said. You need some practice with girls.\" \"Fair enough. Switch!\" Moving as one, Atreyu and Jason circled back and traded opponents. With a lucky strike, Jason dodged the red half's thrust to the side and brought his sword down on his claws, shattering them to pieces. Likewise, Atreyu dodged the white half's attack and twirled his blade up underneath her assault, relieving her of her weapons. Both halves shrieked as the white half fell back and rejoined her brother. In a sickening display, the two halves stitched themselves back together. \"Alright,\" the white face conceded. \"We know when we're beaten.\" Twinfang held up his hands, but just as quickly threw them down. In a crash of fire and ice, they struck not their enemies, but the demon on which they rode. The creature was dashed to pieces with a deafening crack and its three riders were thrown into the sky. Twinfang whistled with his white face and at his command, one of the demons swooped to catch him in its talons. He laughed with both of his voices as he watched Atreyu and Jason fall. Falkor roared while Adair and Deisha shrieked in panic. The Luckdragon swooped down to catch them, but the distance between them was not only great, it was still impeded by demons. Just when it seemed certain that Atreyu and Jason would fall to their deaths, a sharp whistling cut through the air. Jason and Atreyu felt themselves caught by the waist and suddenly their fall stopped. But they didn't stop flying through the air. Something was pulling them now. They were dangling by long silken chords from an object that was flying too fast to see. What they could make out was that wherever the flying object went, the demons in front of it were thrown off course or otherwise wounded, like they were being shot at. They heard a sound that sounded like the humming of a thousand songbirds at once. More whistling brought their attention to the ground. Atreyu pointed and shouted. \"Look! It's Bahzha and the other Plains Warriors!\" Far below them, Bahzha was leading the archers of the Plains People to bring down the demons with their arrows. Now being attacked on four fronts, Twinfang's demonic host was gravely outmatched. \"This would be an ideal time to retreat.\" Twinfang's white face hissed. \"Never!\" Bellowed the red face. \"I am no coward!\" \"Brother, cowards live to fight another day.\" \"Right you are sister. Truly you are my better half.\" And without further argument, the Creature of Darkness called the rest of his demons to him and retreated into the sky. With the danger gone, Atreyu and Jason's flying rescuer slowed his flight and gradually began to descend. They rolled onto the ground with a few scrapes but were for the most part unharmed. As they unfastened themselves from their harnesses, Jason lifted his sword to his lips and kissed the blade repeatedly. \"I love this thing!\" \"I apologize for the rough landing.\" came the voice of the one that had rescued them. As they got to their feet they got their first good look at him. He rode to them on a strange chair with wheels attached to it. On its back was a mechanical appendage that reminded Jason of the tail of a plane. Folding into its sides were segmented mechanical wings that if they didn't know any better they would have guessed they had been hunted off of a dragon. There were other devices attached to the chair whose functions they could never have begun to guess at. The man himself who piloted the contraption was a lanky fellow who wore a leather jacked and a long wool scarf. Atreyu recognized him at once, even with the dark pair of goggles he wore to protect his eyes in flight. Though Jason didn't know the man personally, he could tell who it was. It was hard to miss his fiery red curls. \"It's good to see you again Atreyu. And thank you for giving me the chance to run a field test.\" Atreyu didn't know what he meant. \"What field test?\" Hysbald pulled a switch on his chair and one of the contraptions sprung from its compartment and mounted itself above his head. It was made of brass and looked similar to the horn that one might attach to an old record player. Inside the horn was a network of wires stringing a series of instruments together. Placed at the mouth of the horn was a bellows which inflated and blew air through the horn. When the air blew threw it, the instruments would catch it or would twirl like fan blades, or perform whatever their function was. The result was a chorus of noises that culminated into the sound they had heard earlier. \"When the demons began attacking our corner of Fantasia, we fashioned something like this to protect our hut. This is our first portable model. Engywook will be thrilled that it worked.\" Atreyu beamed. \"Engywook is here?\" \"Who's Engywook?\" Jason asked, but Atreyu didn't get a chance to answer. With a cry of victory, Falkor landed to let Adair and Deisha off. They ran to their companions and Adair hugged them both with a heavy sigh of relief. Then she curled her fist and punched Jason in the shoulder. \"Idiot!\" She reared back to do the same to Atreyu, but he took a step back with his hands in a surrendering motion. \"Don't ever pull a stunt like that again!\" Deisha grinned. \"You looked awesome, but it was pretty stupid.\" Jason struck an inflated pose. \"You thought I looked awesome?\" \"Get over yourself. I was talking about Atreyu.\" He frowned. \"Of course you were.\" Hysbald laughed. \"So you are the human that's been raising all the noise in Fantasia. Glad to see the rumors are true about you Lady Adair Alicia Artemis.\" Adair frowned. \"What rumors?\" Before answering her question, he took her hand and raised it to his lips. \"That you are a courageous girl as beautiful as the Empress herself.\" Adair's face flushed crimson as she cleared her throat. \"So you're Hysbald? Bahzha said we were meeting you here.\" Bahzha and the other plains people joined them at the landing along with Hykrion and the rockbiters, keeping the Tuatha safely behind them. Bahzha carried on his shoulders two tiny people that Adair hadn't noticed at first. They were about the same size as Octavia, but that's where the similarities ended. While Octavia had a youthful and majestic appearance, these two had an earthy look about them and shriveled faces with tiny black eyes. They were a man and a woman. The woman wore a bonnet made of withered leaves and despite her age there was a sparkle to her dark eyes. The man looked just as old and shriveled as she, but his features were sharper, his eyes more intense behind a pair of large glasses. On his head he wore a bowl shaped hat made of a gnarled root. He jumped for joy and crowed with pride. \"Well done Hysbald! Way to gives those fiends the old what for with science!\" \"You're not hurt are you?\" asked the woman with motherly concern. \"I'll not have you injuring yourself to my fool husband's science!\" Atreyu came to Bahzha's side and looked so happy to see these two little strangers Adair thought he was going to pick them up in his hands. \"Engywook! And Urgl! You're here too!\" \"Aye my lad.\" The little gnome man beamed. \"You didn't think I'd pass up a chance like this to show Fantasia what my inventions can do. It's good to see you again lad.\" \"Aah!\" Urgl screeched and pointed at a scrape on Atreyu's arm. \"Look at you! I worked my fingers to the bone patching your poor body back together and this is what you do with it!\" Adair cast a sideways glance at Atreyu. \"Is there anyone in Fantasia you don't know?\" \"Hysbald my old friend!\" Hykrion cried. \"It's been ages. Come on and get out of that chair so we can greet each other properly.\" Hysbald winced. \"About that Hykrion... I can't.\" An awkward silence followed then. At last it sank in that the chair Hysbald piloted was more than transportation. For those who had known Hysbald the Swift when he was a gallant knight, fleet of foot and the fastest warrior in Fantasia, seeing him denied the use of his legs was a difficult sight. \"It's not as bad as it looks.\" he assured them. \"Believe it or not I'm faster now then when you knew me. It's a long story. I'll explain on the way.\" He gestured behind them. When he did it looked as though the sun was rising, and emerging from the horizon they saw it. The Ivory Tower stood in the distance, the sun glittering off its turrets and dancing like fire over the magnolia pavilion that overlooked its peak. It was as beautiful as Adair remembered it, and for Jason who was laying eyes on it for the first time, it was a sight he would never forget. \"The Ivory Tower.\" Adair breathed. \"Was that there before?\" Jason asked. Atreyu shook his head. \"When the three knights came together, the way of wishes must have brought us here. It must be time for us to return.\" Atreyu and Adair shared a solemn look before they departed for the Ivory Tower to prepare for the beginning of the end of their journey. \"So how did that happen?\" Adair asked Hysbald after several minutes of walking, but she quickly amended her question when she realized how insensitive she sounded. \"I mean, what happened to you after you split up from the others?\" Hysbald only grinned. \"It's fine. It's actually a happy story.\" Though she didn't say so, Hysbald knew Adair didn't quite understand how a story that told how he was paralyzed could be happy. This was the precise reason he had to tell it. \"After I left the others to search for Bastian, I headed west. After many adventures I came to a treacherous canyon. The canyon's not so bad itself. It's the worms you need to watch out for.\" \"Worms?\" She asked. \"Nasty things that burrow into the canyon walls. They're as big as an ox and have heads harder than rock. They like to knock travelers off the trail. Well as you can probably guess, that's exactly what became of me. I was foolish and thought that if I ran along the path fast enough, they wouldn't be able to hit me. I misjudged their speed and they sent me flying off the cliff. I finally landed at the bottom of the canyon. The fall completely shattered my armor. It may have been the only thing that had saved me. I tried to move, but I couldn't. I would have died there if someone hadn't come to help me.\" \"Is that when you met Engywook and Urgl?\" she asked, referring to the two gnomes that were now perched on Atreyu's shoulders and talking both his ears off. Hysbald nodded. \"They don't agree on much, but that canyon is a place they both like to visit. Engywook likes to conduct research on the worms while Urgl collects slime from the walls of their cave for her remedies. They had just finished and were heading back to their hut when they found me. Engywook had his team follow him to the canyon and together they dragged me back. Urgl tended to me for... I actually don't know how long I was asleep. When I woke up she told me not to move. Said it was bad for my recovery to get too physical. It wasn't until I felt my strength returning that she broke the news. She had to tell me when I found I couldn't move my legs. It shames me to admit this now, but I lost hope then.\" \"I can understand that.\" Adair admitted. From what she'd come to understand, Hysbald had been active and athletic and valued his speed above all his other assets. \"In truth, Urgl's care was the only thing that kept me alive for a good long while. She seems gruff, but she's actually a caring soul. She loves making medicine and caring for sick and broken sorts like I was. But while she could mend my body, she couldn't fix a broken spirit. That was where Engywook was the greatest help. You see he grew tired of my moping around. He's always had an eye for potential and as far as he was concerned I was wasting my mind and the two limbs I had left to me. Quite ingenious that gnome. He actually designed this chair and had his research team construct it for me. It was a little different then. I've added to it over the years. Anyway he made it for me and told me that from then on I was to help him with his research. At first he had me do little more than fetch supplies for him. All the while he would ask me questions. He asked what I thought of the world, why I had become a knight, and most importantly what my plans were now.\" His eyes were distant as he recalled his story, but though it still seemed to Adair like a sad tale he had not once stopped smiling as he told it. \"I didn't have any answers for him. I had no plans for my future, my becoming a knight didn't matter since I could no longer go back to it, and the rest of Fantasia could have burned for all I cared. One day I finally broke down and told him as much. We yelled at each other for a solid hour. He called me all sorts of names, a waste of talent and space being the kindest of them. Then he got very quiet. He stared at me for a long time and then took a deep breath. He told me the story of his greatest failure. \"He had devoted years of his life to the study of a great scientific phenomenon in Fantasia. He and Urgl lived by themselves for decades waiting for travelers to pass by so he could discover a little more. Piece by piece he began to unravel the mystery of the Great Southern Oracle. But when he finally got lucky enough to talk to an adventurer who had made it all the way and spoken to the oracle, he was informed that she no longer existed. She had vanished after saying all she'd needed to say. The news crushed him. All of his research he had spent years collecting was no longer relevant. Engywook doesn't like to waste time investigating what was. He's only interested in what is. He had no clue what he was going to do after that.\" He paused and Adair took the opportunity to ask him. \"What did he do after that?\" \"Lots of things.\" he answered. \"Wonderful things. He journeyed all over Fantasia and made many great discoveries after that. But he told me that what he discovered wasn't nearly as important as the fact that he discovered them. He could have easily given up and retired to a life of obscurity and never pursue his dreams again. But he didn't. He told me that the same choice was in front of me. I thought about what he said. I stayed by myself in the little shelter they'd been kind enough to build for me. While I was there I began building. Some of Engywook's team came by to visit and I would ask them if they could bring me supplies. Eventually Engywook came to see what I was up to and we worked together. That's how I got these.\" He pulled the lever on the side of his chair and the tail and wings he had used to fly before expanded. He folded them back in. \"After we were finished I started helping Engywook with his research full time. I became his apprentice. The old codger may be plumb crazy, but I wouldn't be here right now if it weren't for him. He taught me that I couldn't let what happened stop me. Yes it was sad that I fell, but if I hadn't I would never have learned how to fly.\" Adair smiled. \"You're right. That is a happy story.\" \"I've always thought so.\" They walked in silence for a while and Adair reflected on his story. Not just his but on Bahzha's and Hykrion's as well. She was starting to see why the way of wishes had guided her to them. It hadn't just been to seek their aid against Volrac. As Atreyu had told her before, there were things that Fantasia had brought her here to learn. From Bahzha she had learned that no matter how alone or defeated someone might feel, there were always others that they could turn to. Hykrion and the many children he was now guardian and father to had taught her the strength that came from devoting yourself to others. And Hysbald's story had driven home in her even more than the other two. Until she had come to Fantasia, she had allowed the tragedy of her parents murder define her. She had never been able to see anything bright ahead of her after that because she had never looked. She'd consigned herself to an empty life without dreams. It chilled her to think of how lonely her life would have been if she had never found that book in Bastian's shop. The silence was eventually broken by their other companions. \"So Hydorn,\" Hykrion addressed Bahzha by his old name. \"You threw your lot in with the Plains people. Never would have guessed you to turn savage.\" Bahzha merely shrugged. \"And I never would have believed you would hang up your armor to play nanny.\" Hykrion's black mustache curled into a sneer. \"Say that again! I'm still the strongest between us and I'll wallop you good!\" \"Any time, any place old man.\" \"Who are you calling old!\" The two of them stared one another down and looked ready to duel until Hysbald wheeled his chair in between them. \"Easy boys. Save that for the battle.\" The two agreed. Hysbald was the youngest of the three, and in their past travels had also been the gentlest, often having to mediate between his more excitable comrades. It seemed that was still true even years later. The group drew many stares when they at last reached the end of the path through the labyrinth garden that led into the Ivory Tower. The imperial grooms had their hands full this time giving each and every one of their party the cup of welcome to drink from. When it was over Atreyu explained to them that they needed to consult with Cairon as to their arrangements. They agreed to meet up in the square in the higher terraces in a few hours. Falkor took flight once they were inside the tower, preferring to remain in the sky then follow them in. Not that the tower couldn't afford him plenty of space. As it's been explained, the tower was as large as a whole city. But Falkor could not stand buildings or ceilings no matter how large. The first thing Adair did was take Arian to the stables. Atreyu, Jason, and Deisha went with her. The four of them had been sticking close together since leaving the plains. As she led Arian to a stall and stroked his mane, assuring him she would be back soon, she wondered aloud. \"I wonder if Iole made it here yet.\" The voice that appeared behind them answered her question. \"It's about time. I was worried I was going to have all the fun.\" Iole sat perched on one of the stall doors like she'd been there from the start. She winked one of her crystal blue eyes at Adair. \"Everything work out on your end?\" Adair smiled, genuinely happy to see her for the first time since the dragon girl had been her cat. She nodded. \"We found them. What about you?\" \"I just finished escorting the last caravan. If everything goes according to plan we'll have enough silver to arm every man,woman, and child in the tower.\" \"I hope it doesn't come to that.\" Atreyu said grimly. But as one who had seen with his own eyes the threat they faced, he didn't sound very hopeful that it could be avoided. \"Me too.\" Iole agreed, but she didn't sound any more optimistic. Now that they were all here, the weight of what was ahead of them was greater than it had ever been. \"We'll have time to catch up later. You all have things to do and so do I.\" She hopped from her perch and made to leave the stables. \"Where are you going?\" Jason called after her. She waved without looking back. \"Nowhere.\" But the way she said it led them to believe it was one of those things they \"didn't need to know\". They talked little as they left the stables together and began the long ascent to the higher terraces of the tower to meet with the council. When they reached it at last they were met by Cairon the centaur and Gandarin the Sassafranian. Gandarin had his little arms folded and was scowling with his round eyes. \"Now you two have done it.\" the little Sassafranian grimaced. \"There's no going back now.\" Adair scowled. \"Sorry we thought gathering a defense for the tower against a demonic horde was a good thing.\" \"And what an army you've brought! We'll be lucky if there is an Ivory Tower to defend when this is over, or a Fantasia for that matter.\" Atreyu stepped in front of Adair. \"If Volrac succeeds, there won't be.\" \"Do not disrespect this council again Atreyu!\" Gandarin scolded. \"This time you've gone too far!\" \"I think you're exaggerating a bit.\" Jason waved his hand as if to brush the councilor's worry aside. \"Really how much damage can three ex-knights, twelve rockbiters, a luckdragon, two gnomes, a village of immortal children, all the tribes of the Plains People, and whoever General Heremoor invited do?\" \"Do not play the fool with me human!\" The old child shouted. \"Councilor,\" Cairon intervened. \"It could be that they don't know.\" Adair looked from one councilor to the other. \"Don't know what?\" Cairon spoke to them now, brooking no further outburst from his colleague. \"We thank you for the bravery you and your companions have shown thus far Adair Alicia Artemis. You have gathered a formidable force to defend the heart of Fantasia. Evidently it was far more formidable than you realized.\" \"Cairon,\" Atreyu interrupted. \"What's happened?\" The Centaur shook his head before raising his old brown eyes to meet theirs again. \"It would seem that your quest has reached the ears of The Eldest.\"[Chapter 18] Chapter 17: The Eldest Quiet had settled eerily over the upper terrace as Adair and the others were led to the great circular room where the council met. None of the sages and other councilors made a sound as they passed through the corridors. Whoever this \"Eldest\" was, he certainly had everyone in the tower on edge. As they made their way past another series of rooms, she kept an eye out for Octavia and General Heremoor, hoping to see that they had returned safe and sound. She didn't see them. It was Jason who asked the question Adair had been thinking. \"So who's this 'Eldest' guy?\" \"Forgive me for misleading you earlier.\" Cairon answered. \"The Eldest is not a single individual. They are a collective.\" \"But who are they?\" Adair asked. \"As you've learned, time in Fantasia is very different than in your world. They are called 'The Eldest' because their stories have been told so many times that some of us consider them immortal.\" \"So they're just really old stories?\" \"Well it's more than that. You see, the first of them claimed immortality long ago. They claimed to be well versed in a special kind of magic that exceeds all others.\" \"Some say they believe themselves to be greater than The Childlike Empress herself.\" Gandarin huffed. Adair didn't like the sound of that. This talk of the most powerful magic reminded her too much of Fay. \"What do they say?\" \"They make no such claim, but the way they throw their weight around here makes me wonder.\" \"It would be wise,\" Cairon cautioned, \"to keep those thoughts to yourself while they are here Councilor.\" \"And they're asking for me?\" Adair felt a lump form in her stomach. \"Why?\" It made her head spin how things had changed since the last time she'd been here. Her first visit to the Ivory Tower, she had been so inexperienced and the council had regarded her as something frail that needed protection. Now Cairon and Gandarin were looking to her to make decisions and these Eldest were seeking an audience with her. \"They are considering taking part in the coming battle.\" Atreyu's eyes widened. \"All of them?\" Cairon nodded sternly. \"Adair, the Eldest keep to their own domains most of the time. When they involve themselves in the affairs of Fantasia, there is always great quaking in the land. For more than one of them to leave their domain is rare. For them all to be here right now is unheard of. Depending on what you tell them, they may aid us against Volrac's army, or they may simply return to their domains altogether.\" \"If I were you, I'd send them packing.\" Gandarin grimaced. \"Councilor please!\" Cairon warned him again before returning to Adair. \"The decision is yours of course. You wear our Empress' blessing around your neck. But I would implore you to consider carefully. We will wait outside for your decision.\" \"Why? Shouldn't the council be in there too?\" \"I'm afraid not. Whenever one of The Eldest is here in the tower, there is no authority shy of Moon Child herself greater than theirs. Be careful Adair. With our Empress still in the state she's in, it's quite possible you are about to come face to face with the most powerful beings in all Fantasia.\" \"You mean me and Atreyu right? Jason? Deisha? They're coming with me right?\" Cairon shook his head sadly. \"No. Only you. They asked specifically for the one who wears The Glory around her neck.\" Adair looked desperately to her companions. \"Guys?\" Jason shook his head vigorously. \"No way are we letting you go in there alone.\" \"I'm afraid they're not giving you a choice.\" Gandarin replied. Atreyu put a hand on Jason's shoulder and shook his head. They could tell from the set of his jaw that he didn't like this anymore than Jason did. He looked back to Adair. \"This is something only you can do.\" he said with surety. Deisha gave her a hesitant thumbs up. \"We'll be right outside. Just... don't say anything stupid.\" Adair prayed they could not see the sweat she felt beading on her forehead. \"No pressure.\" she answered sarcastically. \"Go on Adair.\" Cairon urged. \"They don't like to be kept waiting.\" She gulped and made her way alone to the great double doors that led to the council chamber. She stood in front of them and stared at the entrance for a moment, took a deep breath and reached out her hand. With her own will, she threw them open. She was aware she needed to make an impression if she was going to have any control over the situation. What better way to make an impression than to show these supposed powerful magicians that she had power of her own. Their eyes were on her the second she was inside. She stepped to the center of the room and with a wave of her hand the doors closed. Though she held her head high and her shoulders straight, inside her heart was pounding. She didn't know what she'd expected when she entered, so she didn't know what to think of the sight she was met with. At the very least she'd expected to be met with wizened faces like Ze'hara or Cairon. One glance around the room told her this was not the case. There were twelve chairs in the circle. The council chamber only ever has the chairs that it needs. If there had been more or less gathered there would be one chair to accommodate each one. Sitting in these chairs was a circle of twelve regal people both in manner and dress with serene faces. There were six women and six men. The man and woman that sat at the head of the circle facing Adair rose to their feet. They were both dressed in white silk. She wore a long flowing gown and a white cloak while he wore a tunic and boots and a cloak that sported thick fur on the collar. Whatever corner of Fantasia they hailed from must have been cold. Adair felt cold just looking at them. \"We thank you Adair Alicia Artemis for agreeing to meet with us.\" said the woman. She had long dark hair as black as ebony that made her face seem very pale. But to Adair's surprise, she had very kind blue eyes. \"I am The Lady of Heaven's Grace.\" The man at her side was the next to speak. He had close cropped brown hair and features that could only be called royal. \"And I am The Knight of Heaven's Charm.\" The two of them sat down and the next two at their left stood and announced themselves much the same as they had. \"I am the Lady of the Undying Rose.\" said a woman in a fine gown that shimmered gold. Her brown curls hung loosely around her shoulders. She had chestnut brown eyes that had a knowing look in them. Adair couldn't help but feel that she was analyzing her, trying to read her like one would read a book. In her hand she held a red rose and ran her fingers over the edges of its petals absentmindedly. Adair found the allusion to her name a little cliché. \"And I am The Knight of the Hidden Thorn.\" said the man at her side. He had intense dark eyes and dark curls. In spite of his fine apparel, he sported a goatee that made him look wolfish. The next two stood when they sat down. \"I am the Lady of the Midnight Hour.\" said a woman in a sparkling blue gown with her shimmering blond hair piled intricately on the top of her head. \"And I am the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise.\" \"I am the Lady of the Waking Dreaming.\" A woman with long honey colored hair declared with rose-red lips. \"And I am the Knight of Awakening.\" The next two to stand seemed to have simpler dress than the others, but had a more exotic look about them. The woman had hair as fiery red as Hysbald's, and she wore a necklace made of seashells. The man at her side had a roguish look about him and a sly grin. He looked like he would have been more at home on a pirate ship than in this assembly hall. \"I am the Lady of Two Worlds.\" \"And I am the Knight of the Other Side.\" The last of the gathering to stand almost made Adair lose her composure. At first glance she had completely missed them. She had seen them, but simply had not noticed how young they were. The boy and girl that stood to announce themselves could not have been more than ten. Yet they spoke with as much conviction as their peers. They clearly held their own in this gathering. \"I am the Lady of the Unfailing.\" said the girl. \"And I am the Knight of the Unyielding.\" said the boy. As each one spoke, Adair had the strangest sensation. Much like how one feels when they meet eyes with a complete stranger, but they feel like they've seen them before. Something about this council of twelve seemed familiar to her. When the last of them had taken their seats, the Lady of Heaven's grace stood back up. \"Adair Alicia Artemis, we have been made aware of the situation regarding the Creature of Darkness who calls himself the Nightmare King. We have also been told of your quest to discover the Strongest Magic.\" Adair regarded her warily. \"Who told you that?\" \"We received a message from the dark princess of Spook City.\" \"Gaya sent you? I thought General Heremoor called you here.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace shook her head. \"The dark princess told us of your mission and we came of our own accord. She told us that Fantasia can only be saved if you discover the strongest magic.\" \"Why would Gaya tell you that?\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm stood then, who Adair guessed was her husband (and she had similar suspicions about the others, though she couldn't guess at the relationship between the boy and the girl). \"She sent the message to us because all twelve of us gathered here have been touched by the strongest magic. It runs deeper in us than almost anyone in Fantasia. It resides at the core of each of our stories. I believe she had hoped we could teach it to you. She moves from the shadows and will not come herself, but whatever her reasons are, she wants you to succeed.\" Adair had almost forgotten Gaya's warning, but her message came back to her then. Your heart can only be awakened by the strongest magic... That is what you came here to learn. She shivered at the memory of those endlessly black eyes in that face made of broken glass. \"So is she right? Can you teach it to me?\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm shook his head sadly. \"The dark princess knows little of the strongest magic. It seems the same is true of you. The strongest magic cannot be taught.\" The Knight of the Hidden Fang (the one with the wolfish features) rose from his seat with indignation plain on his face. \"Bite your tongue. I stand here as proof that it can be taught.\" The Lady of the Undying Rose reached for his hand and stroked it lightly. \"Calm yourself. That's not what he meant.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace leveled her gaze at them. It seemed that she and her knight were the senior members here. She turned her kind blue eyes back to Adair. \"Never mind the dark princess. She is not the reason we came. We came here because we wanted to see for ourselves. Have you found the strongest magic?\" Adair swallowed. \"I don't know what that means.\" \"It does not suit a lady to lie.\" the Lady of the Undying Rose remarked, not unkindly. Adair grimaced at that. She believed she'd been sent here to make a decision. Facing these people now, it was very clear no matter what she decided, they were here for their own reasons. What was worse, standing in the middle of this formidable circle she felt less like she was delegating and more like she was on trial. \"I know what some think it means. I've heard some say that love is the strongest magic. But I don't know if I believe that.\" \"Oh but Adair,\" the Lady of Two Worlds said wistfully (the woman with fiery red hair). \"True love is powerful. It transcends time, worlds, any boundary you can think of. Not even death can stop it.\" If she weren't in council with the others, Adair believed this woman would have gotten out of her seat and danced. \"Yeah that's fine to say.\" Adair replied dryly. \"But I've yet to see it.\" \"This was what I meant when I said it could not be taught.\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm stated. \"We can tell you over and over the power that we have found through true love, but until you find it yourself you won't believe us.\" The Lady of Heaven's grace turned to the Lady of the Undying Rose. \"Rose, what do you see? Has she found it yet?\" The Lady of the Undying Rose had a slight grin on her face as she returned her attention to the rose in her hand. It was the smile of a woman who knows a secret. \"Her heart has changed since she came here. She is no longer fighting to keep it shut. But now it is currently being pulled in two directions.\" \"How do you know that?\" Adair asked with a note of accusation in her voice. She lifted her gaze and stared at her again with those keen brown eyes. \"Because I can see your heart. Understanding people is what I do. It's how I found my strongest magic. Don't worry. Whatever is said in this room remains here.\" \"Thanks.\" Adair replied darkly. She did not like the idea of this woman being able to see inside her. But since it was now out in the open, she figured she may as well ask. What she had talked about with Atreyu and Jason still weighed heavily on her mind. She still wasn't sure how she felt about Jason, and even if she didn't love him the way he apparently loved her, how could she acknowledge her feelings for Atreyu without hurting him? She addressed the Lady of Heaven's Grace. For some reason, her eyes were the easiest to meet. \"About the whole strongest magic thing. What if you go for it and it hurts someone? Or what if it hurts you?\" \"Adair, that's simply part of life. You may fall in love and your heart may later break. Or it may break the heart of someone you care about. But if we let our fear of a broken heart stop us, then we will never find it.\" Adair shook her head. \"Better to have loved and lost I guess.\" \"But I can promise you this. No matter what pain or hardships may come, if it is true love, things have a way of working themselves out.\" Adair nodded, but her words were not comforting. \"That's my problem. I've never really loved anyone. What if it's too late for me to feel it?\" \"That is not true.\" It was the Lady of the Midnight Hour. Up until now she had not spoken save to give her name. With the way her golden hair was drawn up, it made her face look small and delicate. But she spoke with great conviction. \"So many of your kind echo your thoughts. For so long you have let darkness swallow your heart. It is not that you believe you can't love. You simply believe that you are not worth loving. I was once like you. I let others convince me that I had no worth. But they were wrong. I was wrong, and so are you. I may not possess Rose' talent to see your heart but I have heard of you, and I see it in your eyes. You possess great courage and kindness. Though it's only beginning to awaken, your heart has a great capacity for love.\" She ceased speaking and her lip began to quiver. Her knight, the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise took her hand sympathetically. It seemed she was not as used to public speaking as the others. The Lady of Heaven's Grace nodded with a smile. \"It seems we've reached a decision. Adair Alicia Artemis, we the Eldest of Fantasia will aid you in the coming battle. We will show you the power of the strongest magic.\" Atreyu, Jason, and Deisha hadn't moved from where Adair had left them. Jason paced nervously back and forth while Atreyu and Deisha leaned against the wall. \"You're wearing tracks into the floor.\" Deisha muttered. \"They've been in there a long time.\" \"I'm sure she's fine.\" Atreyu assured him, but there was anxiety underlying his voice as well. At last the double doors of the council chamber swung open. Adair was the first one through, glad to reunite with her friends. The Lady of Heaven's Grace and the Knight of Heaven's Charm followed behind her. The rest of the Eldest filed out in pairs. Atreyu took a knee and motioned for his companions to do the same. He knew to give respect where respect was due. Jason and Deisha followed his example. \"Rise Atreyu of the plains.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace said kindly. \"You as well Jason Sayers and Deisha of the Plains.\" They got to their feet. Cairon and Gandarin moved back into view and addressed the Lady warily. \"Well?\" Gandarin asked. \"What was the outcome of your meeting?\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm nodded. \"We will stand with you against Volrac.\" If the two councilors had any objection (and they certainly did) they were wise to stifle it. \"Send a proclamation throughout the tower.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace declared. \"The ball will be held in the northern square.\" \"Ball?\" Adair asked apprehensively. \"You never said anything about a ball.\" \"Lady,\" Atreyu interjected. \"With Volrac's attack almost upon us, is this really the best time to hold a celebration?\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace nodded as though this were natural. \"I believe so.\" \"Do your people not dance before battle Plainsman?\" The Lady of the Undying Rose asked with a conspiratorial wink. \"It may seem frivolous to you,\" admitted the Lady of the Midnight Hour. \"But it is a long upheld tradition.\" She looked to Adair as she explained the rest. \"Love is often found to bloom at such occasions.\" Adair felt her face flush and hoped the others didn't notice. \"We shall begin at dusk.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace announced. \"You have until then to find something suitable to wear. Councilor Cairon, call every available messenger you have to see to it everyone on the tower grounds is invited.\" \"Everyone?\" Cairon asked incredulously. The Knight of Heaven's Charm nodded firmly. \"Everyone.\" Cairon shook his head at the monumental task before him. He nodded to Adair and the others, and with one last bow to the Eldest he galloped away. \"Well what are you waiting for?\" Asked the Lady of Two Worlds, in a far more giddy manner than most would find appropriate. \"You can't go to a ball dressed like that. Go on.\" After the Eldest departed, the group of four suffered a very awkward parting of ways. It was awkward because the invitation of the Eldest had left each of them with unspoken expectations. Expectations that they could not voice out loud. But even without being spoken they hammered in their hearts loud enough that they were afraid the others would hear it. Perhaps that was why they split up so quickly. Atreyu had gone ahead first with Jason to show him the shopping district. Atreyu himself planned to head to the Infinite Garden of the Ivory Tower where the Plains People had camped. Deisha had split off next to find Falkor, claiming to be in need of some of the supplies he carried. That is how Adair found herself alone in the chambers she had been shown to. There was a grand bed with silk curtains draped around it, a vanity set against the wall with a mirror, an assortment of combs and hairbrushes, and every shade of make-up a girl could hope for. Even the simple things like the combs were beautiful, carved with flowers and birds. The room was obscenely large for one person and she had begged, actually begged Deisha to share it with her. Not only was she uncomfortable with all the attention, she really wasn't in the mood to be alone. It was surreal to remember how often she'd craved time to herself in the human world. Deisha had been more willing than Adair would have guessed. The Plains girl had been enthralled by the grandeur of the room and no doubt would have resented it if Adair had kept it to herself. It was one of those rare times she had let her more girlish side show. She returned from her errand with Falkor quicker than expected. She had her traveling pack with her. \"Sorry,\" Deisha apologized. \"I couldn't find us anything to eat.\" \"Don't worry.\" Adair assured her, pointing to a cabinet in the corner of the room that took all the space from floor to ceiling. \"Trust me, they have us covered.\" She'd already discovered the magic of the cupboard while Deisha had been out. The other girl moved to it and placed a skeptical hand on it. When she opened it, her jaw dropped. She found a platter of roasted buffalo meat and a side of small purple berries that grew in the plains called grass-eyes. It was an enchanted cupboard that could conjure whatever food the user was thinking of at the time. For Adair there had been a plate of fried chicken with corn and mashed potatoes (Aunt Rosemary's favorite dish to cook). It had been a welcome sight. After being on this journey for so long, only eating what Atreyu was able to hunt himself, which could be scarce on the worst of days and gamey on the best, she had grown to sorely miss home cooking. Deisha grinned from ear to ear. \"These tower people think of everything!\" She didn't waste anytime digging in. As was Plains custom, she shared what she had with Adair, but she didn't feel like eating much after having devoured her meal earlier. The bed was large enough for the two of them to sit and eat and talk. Adair realized this was the first time she and Deisha actually had talked like this. What they talked about wasn't as important to her as the fact that they did. It made her see Deisha as a real girl rather than the hot tempered hunter of the plains she'd known so far. She felt more like a girl when they talked as well. This must be what a sleepover feels like. She thought to herself. She wondered what her life would have been like if she had grown up with a friend like Deisha. She had never been friends with a girl her age back home, only ever being able to turn to Jason for company. And while she was immensely grateful to have Jason as a friend, there were simply things he could not understand as a boy, that she could not talk to him about as a girl. Deisha grinned. \"I have something to show you.\" She reached for the leather bag she'd retrieved from Falkor. She pulled out a long gown the exact shade of blue as a robin's egg. It was embroidered all down its blooming skirt with designs of wild desert blossoms and subtle tracings of desert paintings, the kind Adair had seen once in Arizona caves. Around the waist was a sash that strung multi-colored ribbons down the center. It was sleeveless, but there were strings of beads attached to the shoulders that were meant to be draped over the arms attached to cloth bracers. The beads were of every color of the rainbow. The dress was beautiful enough, but Deisha wasn't finished. Out of the sack she pulled a pair of sandals beaded all around their straps the same way as the dress. Last she pulled out a circlet that had the same strings of beads and ribbons meant to be strung through her hair. The circlet itself looked more like a wreath of blossoms. \"What do you think?\" Adair didn't know what to say. She raked her brain trying to figure out where Deisha would have gotten this. A strange smell permeated off of it. It smelled like the dry grassy wind of the plains. She realized then where the dress had come from. \"Is this what you got from Meleah the last time we were here?\" Deisha smiled guiltily. \"It just looked so much fun when you were doing it that when you disappeared I had to try it too.\" Adair laughed as she ran the ribbons and beads through her fingers. \"It's beautiful. You'll look like a real princess at the ball tonight. Too bad for me.\" \"Why?\" \"I don't have a thing to wear, and next to you I'll look downright plain.\" Deisha put a thoughtful finger to her lips. \"Wait here.\" Then without a word of explanation she dashed from the room. She poked her head back in the door for only a moment. \"I could be awhile. You might want to find something to do.\" There really wasn't much to be done in their shared bedroom and she really didn't feel like playing with the food cabinet again. As hungry as she'd been when she'd arrived, between her own meal and what Deisha had shared she was ready to burst. Idly she sat down at the vanity set and started running one of the brushes through her hair. It was a tangled mess. Traveling by flight and fighting with demons did not agree with it. It took a good long while, but she eventually managed to straighten it. Deisha still hadn't returned. With a hint of embarrassment she reached for the makeup in the drawer. She'd never used make-up seriously before but found herself wondering what she would look like with some of the glittery eye-shadow. She decided to start with something simple: lipstick. She found a natural red color just a shade darker than her lips and applied it carefully. She was just about to reach for the glitter when the door burst open. Jumping like she'd been caught doing something heinous she dropped the eye-shadow at once. \"I've got a surprise for yo-\" Deisha stopped short when she noticed Adair's flustered state. \"What were you doing.\" \"Nothing.\" She answered too quickly. Deisha shook the matter aside. \"Anyway, close your eyes.\" Adair eyed her with an air of suspicion. The Plains girl sighed. \"Would you just close your eyes for a second? Let me have my fun.\" Adair relented and closed her eyes. \"Can I open them yet?\" \"Just a second... now.\" Adair opened her eyes slowly and nearly jumped out of her seat when she saw the intense pair of mismatched blue and green eyes staring barely an inch from her face. The nature spirit smiled with her green lips. \"Hello again my daisy.\" Adair smiled broadly. \"Meleah!\" She felt the woman wrap her long arms around her and squeeze her so tight she felt she might burst. \"When I heard you were in the tower and that there was to be a ball I started searching for you frantically. I'm so glad Deisha found me.\" Adair pulled away from her and concern found its way into her eyes. \"Why are you still in the tower? Didn't they tell you there was a battle coming?\" \"Some of us have left to find safer ground.\" Meleah nodded, but there was a hint of disapproval in her voice. \"But many of us have elected to stay. Some like myself can't fight, but we've found other ways of helping. I haven't designed much lately. I've been helping craft armor instead. That's why I was so glad to hear about this ball. I can finally let my talent shine again.\" \"So why were you looking for me?\" Meleah looked affronted. \"Did you honestly believe I was going to let you subject yourself to the work of imposters? No my daisy, you are going to be as radiant as your friend tonight. This will be my finest work yet!\" Meleah rose to her full height and twirled around and around in a circle. Out from underneath her long billowing skirt, rolls of fabric unfurled magically and they were immediately assaulted by a barrage of exotic scents. It was like she'd brought her entire shop's inventory with her. \"So we'd better get started.\" \"You know,\" Hykrion commented, giving Jason a once over. \"I believe I wore something like this to my first ball.\" \"You went to balls Uncle Hykrion?\" Daisy asked excitedly. \"Oh yes. Your uncle was could turn the head of any girl he pleased in my younger days, and to my first I wore something much like the Jason has on. Of course I filled it out much better with my superior physique.\" He flexed his right arm as if he needed to make the point more obvious. \"Great speech Hykrion.\" Jason scowled. \"I'm totally ready.\" He studied himself in the shop's viewing mirror. He wore a white shirt with wide sleeves with drawstrings down the front, black leggings with leather chaps over them, and old fashioned boots. Over that he wore a sleeveless leather coat that went just below his hips and had what looked like actual wolf fangs for buckles. He had never felt terribly impressive, and even with this new gear on he still felt this was true. His once lanky arms he believed had begun to develop into muscle during his training with the sword. But he felt like the sleeves of this shirt had swallowed them whole. \"Don't worry about it junior.\" Hykrion waved his concern away. \"What you lack in the physical beauty of yours truly, you make up for in wit. I hear women like that kind of thing these days.\" Jason hung his head, wondering if it would save him time to simply stamp \"best friend forever\" across his forehead. \"You worry too much boy!\" Hykrion slapped his hand on his back heavily enough to make him cough. \"Adair's not the only one who's been getting around lately. Word of you has been spreading like wildfire. You're a regular Fantasian hero in these parts! You'll have to beat the women off with a stick. Fairies, elves, sprites, nymphs, blondycats, witches... actually stay away from the witches. One dance with them, and you could wake up the next day in a dungeon somewhere accused of stealing from some count or other.\" Daisy and Falcon cast sideways glances at Hykrion who decided against telling them the rest of that story. They were far too young to hear it. \"He's right you know.\" came a voice from the back of the shop. \"No good comes from dealing with witches.\" Iole grinned slyly. \"Iole? What are you doing here?\" \"Same as you. Shopping. I never miss a party. I was thinking something with an open back.\" Jason's face turned red at the thought, which only seemed to encourage her. \"Maybe something with a really short skirt to show off my legs.\" She gave him a once over with her eyes, nodding with approval at his new clothes. \"Look at you. You look like a hero right out of a book.\" He smiled. \"You think so?\" \"Absolutely. You'll have the girls lining up to dance.\" \"That's what I've been telling him!\" Hykrion added. Jason looked away, absentmindedly adjusting his wardrobe. \"Yeah... all the girls.\" \"I know that tone.\" Iole smiled to herself. \"It's the sound of a boy with only one girl on his mind.\" Jason bit his lip and wondered (not for the first time) if Iole could read minds. Then he realized the notion was ridiculous. His feelings for Adair were all but transparent these days. \"Maybe I'm just fooling myself. Maybe I don't have a chance.\" \"Nonsense!\" Hykrion roared. \"No maybe he's right.\" Iole said bluntly. She stepped behind him so she could meet his eyes through the viewing mirror. \"But that shouldn't stop you.\" \"You really think she'd pick me over Atreyu?\" \"Of course she would! What does Atreyu have that you don't?\" Hykrion's encouragement was beginning to ring a bit hollow. \"It doesn't really matter what I think. If what you feel for her is real, you shouldn't cheapen it by giving up. This is something you should see through to the end.\" He sighed. \"She's been a huge part of my life for so long. I guess I didn't want to tell her because I was afraid of losing her. It's weird, but I should probably thank Atreyu. This whole thing with them has kind of forced me to make a move. But maybe it's too late.\" Iole shook her head. \"Mortals. Love is always so black and white with you. It's either there or it's not. It's either one thing or another. Maybe this, maybe that, you won't know for sure until you ask her will you?\" \"You make it sound so easy.\" \"Probably because I know how short your life is. It's much too short to waste with all this waiting around.\" Jason pondered what she had to say. She made sense. Life was short. For all he knew, they were all going to die tomorrow if Volrac had his way. It was a grim thought, but it was reality... or fantasy... whatever the term was for it in Fantasia. \"Hey Iole, were you ever in love?\" \"What's with the 'were you'? How do you know I'm not?\" \"I don't know. You just talk like you're...\" he trailed off. \"Are you calling me old?\" He gulped. \"No! I just... it came out wrong. And if you were I'm pretty sure you would have brought him with you.\" \"Nice save.\" She grimaced. \"Yeah I've been in love a few times.\" \"A few times?\" He asked in surprise. \"What can I say? I'm old.\" \"You're really frustrating. You know that?\" \"So I've been told. Really I just like picking on you. You remind me of someone.\" He turned away from the mirror to look her in the eye this time. \"Who?\" \"My son.\" She replied as if it were nothing. \"You have a son? Where has he been this whole time?\" \"Somewhere off-world. It's another story. I'll tell it another time.\" He rolled his eyes. He was silent for awhile. He raised his gaze back to the mirror and tried to see a different person in it, someone stronger, braver than the one who had come to Fantasia. \"I'm going to ask her tonight. No matter what she says, I have to.\" Iole smiled. \"That's more like it. Who knows? She might even say yes.\" \"Are you ready to make your purchase?\" asked the shopkeeper, a long nosed gremlin with sharp teeth and gleaming yellow eyes behind half moon glasses. It occurred to Jason then that he didn't have any money. Hykrion rose from where he'd been sitting and pressed a handful of gold coins into Jason's hand. \"It's on me. What can I say? I'm a romantic. Now listen here junior. Fly or crash, whatever you do make it fantastic.\" Jason grinned at that. \"You've got it.\" In a clearing they had made for themselves in the infinite garden at the base of the Ivory Tower, the people of the Plains were making their own preparations for the ball. As it's been stated, the Plains People held a sacred tradition of dancing before battle. Not that they saw many. They were naturally a peace loving people, but they were not cowards and they knew there were times they had to defend what they loved. This was not the first time they had come to battle at the Ivory Tower, and it would not be the last. But that is another story and shall be told another time. Atreyu wasn't sure why he had come to the camp of his tribesmen, or what he was looking for. Perhaps in the wake of all this confusion he needed their familiarity. He felt downright foolish that a battle was looming over their heads that would decide the fate of all Fantasia and the Human World, but he found himself quaking in fear over a ball that was to be held that night. He was a fearless warrior, yet this small event that should mean nothing to him had his stomach tied up in knots, especially when his thoughts drifted to a pair of hazel green eyes. If it was familiarity he was looking for, he found it in Ze'hara. She was sitting just outside her tent as if she'd been waiting for him, and indeed she told him as much. \"I've been waiting for you Mi'tah'zha.\" she told him, using the Plains word for \"my little one\". She had always called him such when no one else was around to save him from embarrassment. The wise woman rose from where she sat and wrapped her long willowy arms around him. \"You are trembling child. What is it?\" \"I don't know Teh'mah.\" he answered, calling her by the plains people's word for \"mother\". \"Could it be because you're in love?\" He didn't answer, but she undoubtedly felt him tense when she asked. \"When the two of you returned to our village I noticed a mighty change in her heart. The wall of ice I spoke of has begun to crack and come down. But she was not the only one I saw who was changed. When you are with her, there is a lightness in your eyes I have not seen in you for a long time.\" He pulled away from her and shook his head adamantly. \"This is wrong. This is all wrong. I can't be... that.\" \"And why not?\" Ze'hara asked firmly. \"You know why not!\" he shot back, then looked immediately penitent. He hadn't meant to raise his voice at her. \"I can't let myself. I have to finish the stories.\" \"You mean you must continue to punish yourself.\" He looked away from her then and her voice began to constrict with sadness. \"You must let it go mi'tah'zha. He was your friend. He would not want you carrying on this way. He would want you to forgive yourself.\" \"How could he after what I did to him?\" \"You also helped him.\" \"He wouldn't have needed help if it hadn't been for me.\" He added bitterly. \"You don't know that. It's as you said, you were both right, and you were both wrong.\" He remained defiantly silent. She took his hand gently. \"Come inside. I have something I want to give you.\" He followed her inside her tent where she stooped to retrieve something from her pack. It was rolled with care into her bed roll. \"I made this for you. I had a feeling it would be useful to you someday. Looks like today is the day.\" She knelt down to unfurl it on the ground. Laying out on it was a beautiful shirt made from a soft green material he knew she couldn't have received from the plains. Over it was a tunic of black leather with an open front. It was beaded intricately with swirling designs. In all his years he had never dreamed of wearing something so fine. \"Teh'mah, you didn't have to do this.\" \"I know that. I wanted to. I've never minded doing such things for you. Nor have any of the women of our tribe. They have been mothers to you all your life, but what's more you have always been a son to them. You have always gone out of your way to help take care of them just as they cared for you through childhood. The men of our tribe look to you with pride as our bravest warrior. But all that pales in comparison to the admiration of our children. You have been big brother to them, you've taught them, spent time with them, been an example. That is the kind of soul you are mi'tah'zha. You have given so much of your time to help others. But you leave none for yourself.\" She lifted the shirt and tunic and held it out to him. \"We all want you to be happy. You deserve to be happy. You can have happiness with her.\" He fought back tears as she spoke. \"There is too much at stake right now. The battle could come upon us tomorrow, or even tonight.\" She smiled sadly. \"That is all the more reason to treasure the time you have together now. Enough dwelling on the past little one. Look to your future. Do all you can to make it a happy one.\" A single tear rolled down her cheek. \"Make it one that you will fight for.\" He said nothing more. He didn't have to. Ze'hara had said it all. All that was left for him to do was to leave her tent with her gift in hand. When he turned to face the tower again, it was dressed in green and black. Though his knees were trembling, his shoulders were straight and his head was high. His dark eyes were as steady and sure as they had ever been. The sun began to set and all who were invited (which indeed was everyone present on the tower grounds) began making their way to the upper square of the Ivory Tower where the ball would be held. Whatever may come tomorrow, this was a night that the dreams of mankind chose to keep for themselves. In the uppermost quarters of the tower, Adair was almost ready to leave. She found herself frozen to the seat of the vanity set where Meleah had just finished helping her with her makeup (a feat she could never have accomplished on her own). She felt utterly ridiculous that this ball the Eldest had orchestrated should fill her with more anxiety than the battle it was supposedly preparing them for. Deisha looked her up and down and whistled. \"You look amazing.\" \"Well as I always say,\" Meleah interjected. \"Everyone has their own beauty, and you my daisies have always been beautiful. But tonight calls for a special kind of beauty that only shines on special nights. I think I outdid myself this time. Now get down there and don't let all my hard work be for nothing.\" She hugged Adair one last time and began ushering her and Deisha out the door. The two girls left together while Meleah gathered her things. \"Hey Deisha,\" Adair asked her friend. \"Nervous?\" \"Normally I'd try to sound brave and say that was a stupid question. But actually... yeah. Silly right?\" Adair shook her head. \"No it's not. I'm a little scared too.\" Deisha gave her a look that made her amend that statement. \"Alright I'm really scared.\" \"Maybe we are being ridiculous.\" Deisha tried to lighten the tone of their procession. This was a ball and she was not going to treat their arrival like a funeral march. \"The Eldest got us reading way too deep into this. It's just a dance right?\" Adair smiled and nodded. \"Yeah. Just a dance.\" They could say it out loud, but it wouldn't change what they knew to be true. As they neared the square with its sparkling lights and the pull of its music, they knew that they were coming to a crossroads. What happened here this night would mean as much for them and their quest as the battle ahead. And there would be no going back.[Chapter 19] Chapter 18: The Night Before Realizing that he was no longer alone, the Knight of the Burning Dawn set down the weapon he had been polishing and rose to meet her. He knew who it was that approached the empty throne room within the Castle of Nightmares. He and the Lady of the Evening Star were as close as two souls can be. That is why they could sense one another no matter how far apart, and why he knew exactly what she had come to say when he met her eyes. \"So they have united against us.\" he said. She nodded. \"They're at the tower now. The Witch who calls herself Fay confirmed it. They allied themselves with the human Adair Alicia Artemis. They're going to help her in the battle.\" Dawn reached for his morningstar and hefted it over his shoulder. \"Let them come. Let them try to stop us. A thousand years of torment has failed to tear us apart. Our love will prevail.\" Star smiled and nodded. \"Even against them? They have what we have you know.\" \"And they each remember how hard they fought to keep it. That is how they know we are not an enemy to be taken lightly.\" \"On that,\" came a dark grating voice from the throne, \"I am counting.\" Lord Volrac, the Nightmare King sat on the throne where he had not been a moment ago. This castle and the forest in which it stood was his. He could appear within it wherever and whenever he chose. The werewolf in black armor stared down at them with his glowing yellow-green eyes. \"I have a special task for the two of you.\" \"I take it then, the assault on the tower is close?\" Star asked with a spark of excitement in her eyes. Volrac nodded. \"The final obstacle is out of the way, and my subordinates have finished the final preparations.\" \"You mean your pet Witches.\" Dawn sneered. Volrac snarled and bared his fangs, but only slightly. He did not need to agree with his pawns in order to use them. \"Everything must be in place. When I claim the Ivory Tower, I shall expose that which connects our world to the world of the humans and destroy it. But to do that I'll need the key in place.\" \"And this key?\" Dawn asked. \"Where is it?\" \"We have it.\" Their attention snapped to the entryway. Nag slithered into the room on all fours with something strapped to its back. It was wrapped tightly in a thick burlap cloth with cord binding it shut. Thoth and Fay flanked either side of Nag. \"And what pray tell will you three be doing when we attack? Skulking in the shadows as you always do?\" \"And miss out on a chance to apply my theories?\" Thoth asked with a note of surprise. \"Never.\" Nag licked its lips. \"Besides, I hear they're having a party.\" \"Nag and Thoth will command our ground forces.\" Volrac instructed. \"The White Dragon's attention will be on you. See to it you take the necessary measures.\" At this, Nag gulped, horrified at the prospect of coming in range of the White Dragon's wrath. Thoth on the other hand appeared far more confident. \"Oh don't worry. We have plenty to keep her busy.\" \"Your mission, esteemed Knight and Lady,\" the Nightmare King addressed Dawn and Star directly \"is to provide cover for Fay.\" \"Fay?\" They both asked at once. \"Will that be a problem.\" the Witch asked coldly, narrowing her reflective blue eyes. \"Fay's objective in this mission is critical. She will be carrier of the key. Your task is to make sure she reaches that objective. Can you do this?\" The two of them only nodded. Star shot Fay an insincere smile. \"I so look forward to working with you.\" \"The feeling is mutual.\" Fay replied with about as much enthusiasm. \"I'm eager to see how your strongest magic will fare against that of your peers.\" Out of the three, Star and Dawn held a special dislike for Fay, especially the way she observed them as some sort of experiment. They hated subjecting their love to the scrutiny of this cold hearted Witch. \"Now then, be about your duties.\" Volrac growled. Dawn turned to face him. \"When we succeed, you will honor our agreement.\" Volrac's lips curled in disgust over his fangs. \"I am a man of honor, however that does not change how your goal sickens me.\" \"Be that as it may, when the time comes you will send us across the threshold before you destroy it. You will send us to the human world.\" Volrac nodded. \"And may you find what you are looking for there, though I doubt anything good can come from such a dismal place. Now be gone, all of you. Gather your strength for what is to come.\" When Dawn and Star were far from the throne room and the prying ears of the Seekers, Dawn shared his thoughts with his lover. \"I don't trust them, any of them.\" \"Nor should you.\" Star admitted. \"They are using us just as surely as we are using them. But he has no reason to deny us what we want. When the time comes, with or without his help we will leave Fantasia behind forever and enter the human world.\" They stopped walking and she faced him to place her hand on the side of his face. \"There we will have what we could never have here. Our love will become real, ours. It will never be taken from us again.\" He took her hand and pressed it tighter to his face. He closed his eyes and took in her scent. It was always like this for them: that longing, so powerful, overbearing, filling all of their senses until they were ready to break, but always temporary. They had fought for it in countless battles, and this would be their last. That they had promised. He pulled her to him and they shared a deep kiss. Tonight was theirs, and tomorrow would change everything. The northern square which the Eldest had designated the ball to be held in was actually indoors, but it was as large as several city blocks. Despite being indoors, it was very open. This was in part because of its size, but also because of the ceiling. It was painted midnight blue, and scattered across its immense surface were twinkling lights that sparkled like stars. It served to light the whole place. There were raised platforms for performers, each band playing a different melody. Some of the music was classical and symphonic, some was exotic and entrancing, and others would sound surprisingly familiar to you. The stages actually drifted along the floor in a rotating pattern so they could provide music for the entirety of the event. Fantasians of every kind were pouring in and Jason wondered just how he was supposed to find Adair in the midst of the throng. The Eldest had declared the ball to be held before the battle, knowing that this was a likely place for many to find love, counting on that to strengthen them in the trying times ahead. Whether there was any truth to this notion, they had been right about one thing. This night proved to be eventful for many Fantasians. Many of them found love this night, others would lose love, and many would find great strength in something greater to fight for. Many new stories began that night, weaving their tales into Fantasia's history. But those are other stories and shall be told another time. \"Do you see her?\" Jason asked Hykrion. \"Huh?\" The hulking knight asked absentmindedly. He was looking at something across the dance floor. A certain nymph had caught his eye, and judging from the way she was beckoning across the floor and winking at him, he had caught hers as well. \"Oh, not yet. But the night is young. Plenty of time to get some practice in before you find her. Now if you'll excuse me,\" he twirled his mustache in a most devilish fashion. \"I need to get myself back into practice. Falcon, mind the others and make sure Baloc walks you back at our quarters at a reasonable hour.\" \"Yes sir.\" Falcon replied before he and the other children vanished into the crowd. Jason was amazed at how quickly they assimilated themselves into the crowd. Surely they had never been around this many people before, but they seemed to sense that no one here meant them any harm and set out to make the most of the night. He admired their eagerness. He inhaled deeply and pressed forward. He briefly entertained Hykrion's idea of finding other girls to dance with, Fantasia was certainly home to beautiful and exotic women of all kinds, but there was only one girl on his mind. With the thought of what he planned to do, to say to her at the front of his mind he couldn't bring himself to even entertain the notion. Not that he had any shortage of offers. Many of the Fantasian women present had never seen a human before and were intrigued by the idea of dancing with one. He politely declined each invitation and kept pressing his way through. Amid the throng he caught sight of some of the Eldest. It was hard to miss them, even scattered through the mob as they were. Wherever they danced, there was no one around them. They were given their own space, like they existed in their own world apart from the rest. Jason wondered why the others held such fear for them, but looking closer he saw this wasn't the case. The other celebrants weren't keeping their distance out of fear. They certainly took notice of them, but they were not cowering from them as he'd previously thought. Some had even stopped dancing and stared in awe at them. They were simply keeping outside that invisible border, perhaps without even noticing. The Lady of Heaven's Grace danced as gracefully as her name would imply with the Knight of Heaven's Charm. The Knight of the Hidden Thorn twirled the Lady of the Undying Rose whose shimmering golden gown moved with her like the petals of a flower. The Lady of the Midnight Hour and the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise danced close together, staring lovingly into one another's eyes. The Lady of Two Worlds and the Knight of the Other Side were the most flamboyant in their dancing. He lifted her over his head and spun her on more than one occasion. The Knight of the Unyielding and the Maiden of the Unfailing looked more like they were playing than dancing. He felt a hand on his shoulder from behind and turned slowly to politely decline another invitation, but stopped when he saw who it was. Atreyu stared back at him, and for the first time since he'd known him his dark eyes seemed unsure of themselves. His clothes were also a new sight. He'd wondered if Atreyu even owned anything besides his leather tunic and chaps. \"Jason...\" He began hesitantly. He nodded back. \"Atreyu.\" \"You look good.\" \"Thanks.\" He replied, then after some hesitancy added \"So do you.\" \"Have you seen-\" \"Don't ask. I haven't found her yet, and if I had I sure wouldn't tell you.\" Atreyu nodded. \"I understand. Listen, I wanted to talk... about us.\" Jason rolled his eyes. \"I'd really preferred it if we stayed friends.\" \"What?\" Atreyu thought on it for a moment, and when he realized the joke turned instantly red. \"No that's not what I meant!\" \"It was a joke dude. I do that when I'm nervous.\" The other boy sighed in relief. \"Oh good. I'm glad I'm not the only one who's nervous.\" \"So what did you come here to say?\" He asked, though he already had a pretty good idea. \"I wanted to talk about Adair.\" \"Don't you always?\" \"I suppose that's true.\" They stared at one another for a while. This wasn't an easy thing for either of them to talk about it seemed. \"There's really no denying how we both feel about her at this point is there?\" \"I guess not.\" He spoke in a neutral tone and stared back with a level gaze. \"Believe me I have tried to tell myself otherwise, but no matter how hard I try I know it's the truth. I do have feelings for her. But I can't just ignore your feelings either. It wouldn't be fair to you. You've been there for her far longer than I have.\" Jason sighed. He couldn't believe they were having this talk right now. What he hated the most about it was that he actually admired Atreyu's straightforwardness, how willing he was to talk about this. He doubted he would have had the same courtesy. \"Man, how am I supposed to compete with someone like you?\" Atreyu frowned. \"What do you mean?\" \"You know what I mean Choir Boy. You're just too... good. This wouldn't be so hard if you were horrible but you're not! Everything you do is for someone else! If it weren't for us falling for the same girl I might have even liked you!\" \"Oh.\" He paused. \"Jason, I'm really not the 'choir boy' you think I am. And if you think I'm in any way better than you, you're wrong. You're a brave warrior who can think quickly on your feet. And I've seen you risk your life over and over for her. If I would lose Adair to anyone I wouldn't want it to be anyone but you.\" \"I guess I feel the same. At least I'd know she was taken care of.\" He leveled a stern gaze at him. \"Still, that doesn't change things. In the end we can't both have her.\" Atreyu nodded. \"You're right. But whichever one of us she chooses, let's promise that they will always be worthy of that place at her side.\" He extended his hand which Jason took and shook firmly. \"Deal. First one to find her gets the first dance.\" \"Deal.\" \"When are you going to take off that stupid cloak?\" Deisha asked. \"You're covering up Meleah's work.\" \"I know, it's just... I don't know if I'm ready to be seen in this yet. Maybe when we get to the dance.\" Adair replied sheepishly, pulling the long dark blue cloak tighter around her like a frigid wind had just seized her. In truth she did have chills, but it had nothing to do with cold. She even kept her hood drawn up. Deisha twirled enthusiastically, letting her light blue gown swirl around her and her sash of colorful ribbons flapped like fire. \"Well you can stay all shrouded if you want, but tonight I plan to show off what I've got.\" Adair knew she'd have no problem getting attention tonight. Deisha had always been pretty, but tonight she looked like a whole different person. But that wasn't true she realized, thinking back to what Meleah had once said about the clothes she made. What she was actually seeing was a side of Deisha that she hadn't before, one she rarely let out. She seemed more free and happy tonight than Adair had ever seen her. They arrived at the northern square with its twirling revelers and glittering lights. She scanned the crowd with her hazel green eyes and felt another shiver, anxiety or excitement she wasn't sure. \"It's now or never Adair.\" Deisha prodded, tugging at the edge of her cloak. Adair closed her eyes. \"Alright. I can do this. It's just a dance right?\" Deisha nodded. \"Just a dance. We can do this.\" To Adair, taking the cloak off was like taking the first dive into cold water. She hesitated, counted to three, then with a deep breath she finally just went for it. She tore it off her shoulders and let it fall around her feet. Her long white ballgown almost reached the floor and moved subtly like the ripples on a lake. The bodice and shoulders encased her like she had been poured into it. It seemed Meleah had seen fit to keep the sleeves that tapered off above her elbows. This suited her just fine since she wasn't near as comfortable as Deisha about baring her shoulders, but it made the dress so different than the kind she had seen in her world. When she had seen herself in the mirror with Meleah, she had looked more like a princess out of a fairytale, and that only made her more nervous. Beginning at the bodice and flowing into the skirt was a subtle wash of gold and purple over the white set with a random pattern of small crystals of the same color. They weren't flashy like Deisha's beads, but they caught the light which and became iridescent. It made her easy to spot at the top of the marble staircase. Jason and Atreyu would have to have been blind to not see her at that moment. She and Deisha descended the staircase together. Atreyu and Jason met them at the base of the steps. Atreyu found himself unable to speak, so it was Jason who got in the first word. This did not mean he was any less awestruck. \"You two look amazing.\" Deisha smiled. \"You finally noticed.\" Adair could do nothing but blush. \"Well the Eldest gave us a party.\" Deisha declared boldly. \"Let's not waste it. Come on Atreyu, your first dance is with me.\" She winked at Jason as she passed as if to say go get her. Then she led Atreyu away before he could say a word. Jason and Adair locked eyes and didn't move. He could not guess what he was waiting for. His moment was right here, and if he didn't seize it he would kick himself. Perhaps the reason he could not move was not just because of how beautiful she was, but because he never in a million years believed he would ever get this far. Flustered, Adair took a handful of her skirt and held it out. \"What do you think? I know it's a little different. Do I pull it off?\" \"And then some.\" He answered honestly. She shook her head. \"That's what I've always liked about you. You tell the sweetest lies.\" \"I'm telling the truth. You're beautiful. You've always been beautiful.\" He had said it. This was it. It was now or never. He held his hand out to her and asked in the simplest way he could. \"Want to dance?\" She took his hand. \"I'd love to.\" He wrapped his arm around her waist and she put hers around his shoulders. The new firmness to them took her by surprise. All of Iole's training had not been for nothing. They danced close together in a circle. Neither one of them knew how to really dance. \"What is it?\" He asked, and with embarrassment she realized she'd been staring at him without saying anything. \"Sorry it's just that I've never really noticed your eyes. They're really blue without your glasses.\" \"Oh yeah, I forgot. What are the odds we can find an optometrist in Fantasia?\" \"Not good. The only one I've seen wearing glasses here is that gnome Engywook. Think you can squeeze?\" \"Not likely.\" He shrugged. \"I'll probably just get another pair when we get home.\" Something about what he said bothered her, but she couldn't imagine why. \"What?\" \"You know, when this is over.\" He studied her with concern. \"You are still planning on getting us home right?\" It had been so long since she'd thought about home. It was a question she was not prepared for. \"Of course.\" She answered, but that answer couldn't convince a fool, much less her best friend. \"Adair?\" \"I just haven't really thought about it to tell you the truth.\" This only worried him more. \"Look Adair, I'm with you. This place is amazing. But you have a life back home. Think about Rosemary and your cousins.\" \"Let's just worry about it when it comes.\" She left no room for discussion. She seriously doubted her disappearance had affected Rosemary. With any luck she had simply convinced herself that Adair was safe and sound somewhere else and she didn't have to worry. That was her aunt, assume the best even if it was ridiculous and live free of worry or problems. She didn't deal with problems, she simply brushed them under the rug and tried to forget them. Jason agreed to leave the matter be. He remembered what he had talked about with Deisha. No matter what happened, he and Adair would have to return home eventually. But what would come of them when they did depended entirely on what happened to them right now. He'd come too far to simply let them go back to the way they were. \"Listen, we haven't talked about what I said back then.\" She'd been braced for this, but she was still overcome by it. The heat rushed to her face then flushed out of her cheeks so fast it made her dizzy. He seemed to be feeling it too. \"Unless you don't want to.\" \"No Jason, we're friends. We should always be able to talk.\" \"You're right, we are friends. That's always been fine with me. Us against the world. Really I thought that was all I wanted. But when you disappeared into the book and I had to read about you in danger, not being able to help, not being able to say anything that could help you when you were scared or hurting, it was torture. That's when I realized I'd been wrong about my feelings. What I feel for you... it's stronger now. I can't keep it in anymore.\" He leaned close to her and whispered right into her ear like this was their own secret meant only for them, like he was giving her a sacred part of himself. \"Adair, I love you.\" He was holding her close now. There was no space between them. \"And I need to know if you feel the same.\" She was silent. She had no answer. She really did not have an answer. She couldn't say yes because she knew in her heart that what he felt for her was stronger than what she felt for him. But it was in that moment that she realized she couldn't say no either. Whatever was between them now, it was stronger than the friendship they had shared through the years. She couldn't say what it was, but she now knew as clearly as he did that there was no going back to the way things were for them. But she still had no answer. He seemed to sense her thoughts because he did not press her for one. He had always been able to read her that way. In truth he'd been the only person in her life before coming to Fantasia that had understood her, the only one who had stuck around long enough to try. \"You don't have to answer me now.\" He said. \"But promise me you'll think about it. I just want you to be happy, no matter what you choose. But know this.\" He released his hold on her so they could see eye to eye. \"If you choose this... if you choose us I spend every day making you happy.\" There was nothing else that could be said here. The song ended, but it didn't matter. They had already stopped dancing. He had given her the choice, the rest was up to her. Iole left the square for one of the outer balconies when she spotted a pair of ruby eyes. \"So this is where you've been hiding.\" Iole grinned at Falkor who floated casually at the balcony's edge. \"Far too crowded in there. And even with all those lights they can't fool me. That's still a ceiling.\" She sat gingerly on the railing. \"I heard you brought some of your Luckdragon friends to help. Is that them dancing in the sky?\" She pointed her head toward the lithe soaring shapes high above them. There were four, one gold, one red, one blue, and one green. \"Why not join them?\" \"Oh I will in a moment. I just wanted to see how things were going with them.\" His ruby eyes followed their four young companions across the dance floor. \"I always thought Atreyu and Deisha were a fine match. But I've never seen him look at anyone the way he looks at Adair.\" \"And you're okay with that? You know what will happen if this all ends well.\" He nodded solemnly. \"You mean their destinies of belonging to two different worlds. I have thought about it. I'm sure he has as well.\" \"But you let it continue. Shouldn't you be trying to protect him from false hope?\" \"First of all, I don't believe there is such a thing as false hope.\" He replied sternly. \"Second, even if I wanted to make him see it was impossible I doubt he would listen to me. Surely you remember a time when you were young and in love Iole. What would you have said?\" She didn't have to think hard on this at all. \"I would have told them to jump off a cliff.\" And in the past she had done just that. \"What about you? Why have you not confronted Adair? You know what will happen if she remains here. Have you considered what you will do if she chooses to stay in Fantasia?\" \"What she chooses to do is none of my concern.\" She answered flatly. \"I'm only here for the Seekers. Anything past that is out of my hands.\" \"You say so, but I don't believe it. If you were truly after them and nothing else, why would you have stayed by Adair's side all these years?\" Iole's smile did not reach her eyes. It seldom did. \"I was watching her in case they showed themselves again.\" \"There were other ways for a master shape shifter to do that. But you chose to take the form of her cat. You were her constant companion, someone that would listen to what she had to say when she believed no one could hear her. You and I are both old Iole, old enough to have seen more than our share of hardship. But I still don't believe you are as cold as you make yourself seem.\" Iole shrugged. \"Guess I should try harder.\" She looked back at the events unfolding on the dance floor. \"It would be nice to see her happy, but I don't think any amount of luck can change the facts.\" Falkor shook his head. \"No. The kind of luck they need would be nothing short of a miracle. Yet you still hope?\" \"Not me, but someone else does something fierce. You know what the sick part is?\" She asked. \"Just this once I'm hoping Fay's right.\" \"About the strongest magic?\" She nodded. \"Do you think it can overcome this?\" Falkor winked his ruby red eye. \"With luck, anything's possible.\" Adair drifted aimlessly through the throng, her thoughts jumbling and gyrating as surely as the dancers around her. This was insane. How could she have feelings for Atreyu and Jason? It wasn't supposed to work this way? Then again, what did she know about how it was supposed to work? She'd neglected her heart for a decade. It was while she was wrestling with this dilemma that she felt a gentle tap on her shoulder. She turned and was surprised to find none other than the Knight of the Unyielding, the youngest knight of the Eldest looking up at her with round brown eyes. He was a slim youth who couldn't be much older than ten now that she saw him up close. He kept his untidy brown hair covered in a yellow wool cap. \"Will you dance with me?\" He asked sweetly and batted his eyes at her. She swallowed nervously. She couldn't help but feel the gathering around them was staring. In her world it would have been because of the apparent difference in their age, but this was Fantasia. It had more to do with him than with her. Despite his young appearance, he retained the same wide berth that the rest of the Eldest did. He was clearly regarded with respect or fear. She could not tell which. But she had no such feelings toward him. He reminded her of little Jamie who had batted his eyes at her much the same way when he wanted her to do something for him. Still, she felt a little awkward about the whole thing. \"Sure.\" She let him place his hand around her waist which wasn't difficult considering his height. He danced about as well as Jason, but he didn't seem as interested in dancing as he was in talking to her. He asked her all sorts of questions: what her home was like, how she had met Atreyu, about her magic, even random things like what her favorite food was. After awhile she asked him a question of her own. \"So how did you and your lady become one of the Eldest?\" He shrugged. \"Don't know really. It just sort of happened after our adventure.\" \"Your adventure?\" \"Yes. We got lost in the woods and were almost eaten by a witch. But I never gave up. That's why they called me the Knight of the Unyielding.\" \"And your Lady?\" \"When the witch came for me, she fought back and saved me even though she was afraid, so they call her the Lady of the Unfailing. She's always there for me when I need her.\" Once again Adair found herself struck by a familiar feeling listening to the boy's story. She scanned the crowd trying to find his companion. \"Speaking of your Lady, are you sure you should be dancing with me?\" He seemed confused by this. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean won't she get... you know, jealous?\" \"Why should she be jealous?\" Then he realized what she meant and made a sour face. \"Oh gross, no. We're not like that at all. Gretel's my sister!\" Adair hadn't expected that. \"What? But I thought the Eldest all had the Strongest Magic.\" \"We do.\" He replied, as perplexed by her line of questioning as she was by his answers. \"Doesn't that mean you have to be in love?\" He chuckled and shook his head. \"No. You only need to be connected by true love.\" \"That's what I'm saying!\" \"True love doesn't always have to mean that. It's the most powerful magic in the world. It can take many forms: Husband and wife, parent to children, brothers to sisters, even love between friends can be called true love.\" He spoke with certainty as if he were explaining something simple like the color of the sky. But the way he broke it down made things sound so clear to her. Then she caught hold of something else he had said. \"Wait, did you say your sister's name was Gretel?\" He nodded. \"Yep.\" \"Then you're...\" \"Hansel. Yes.\" At last she caught hold of why the Eldest had carried such feelings of deja vu for her. She'd known them before they'd even met. \"Then why not tell me at the start?\" \"We have many names. Our stories get told over and over, and parts get changed. I think Rose and Fang have more names than they can count.\" The song ended and he bowed graciously to her and waved goodbye. \"Thanks for dancing with me. You're really pretty, and really nice, even if you're a little weird. Grace was right. With you here, there's no way we can lose!\" Then he vanished into the crowd to find his sister. For as long as his young mind could remember, his sister was the most important person in his life. The same was true for her, and their bond was among the strongest in history. But time goes on even in Fantasia, and one day they would both find others who would change their lives forever, and their Strongest Magic would only grow. But that is another story and shall be told another time. \"Thank you!\" Adair called after him and watched him go. Though he probably didn't know it, he had made sense of a lot of what she was feeling. She was one step closer to figuring out the truth of her feelings, both for Atreyu and Jason. The timing could not have been better, because the moment the music began again she could feel his approach. She knew where to find him without searching for him, and she knew he was coming for her as well. The Fantasians between them parted without realizing it, much like the way they made room for the Eldest. They crossed the square and when they met he held his hand out wordlessly. It was a strange thing. Neither one seemed to know what to say, yet they could feel what the other was feeling and how to answer. She took his hand and they placed their hands on one another as they have with their other partners. He began to pull her one way and she faltered after him. Their eyes, his dark and steady, hers hazel green and full of wonder did not waver from one another once. \"I don't really know how to dance.\" She confessed. \"I'll show you.\" He assured her. \"Just follow my lead.\" He spoke the truth. He could dance. In his arms she found herself gliding and twirling with more grace than she ever dreamed she possessed. She smiled. \"Of course. You haven't steered me wrong yet.\" She swallowed. \"You've shown me so much. I never would have gotten this far without you.\" \"I didn't do anything Adair. You're the one who got us here.\" \"Why do you do that?\" She pleaded. \"Do what?\" \"Sell yourself short. Since I landed here, everything you've done has been for me. You do that with everyone. I've never really met anyone like you.\" He said nothing at first. She waited patiently for him to answer her. \"Adair, you're the same way. I can't explain it, but... I feel good when I'm around you. You make me feel stronger, happier, like I can do anything.\" \"That's how I feel. It's weird. I never really believed in this before, I think because I got it wrong. I used to think feeling this way made you forget all the terrible things, but that's not it. It's better. I don't forget them when I'm with you, I feel like I can beat them. When we first realized this, we said we'd wait until we were sure. Well I'm sure now. Are you?\" \"Adair, I don't think...\" he saw her face fall when he began and knew it was the wrong thing to say. It wasn't true anyway. \"Yes. I have feelings for you. Intense feelings I've never had before.\" \"Then I know where I want to go from here.\" She took a deep breath. \"I'm staying in Fantasia.\" There it was. The horrible truth he had not wanted to face had been brought up and now he could not avoid it. \"Adair, you can't.\" He said sadly. \"No human can stay in Fantasia forever.\" \"Why not?\" \"You know why not. You'll lose your memories, all of them.\" \"So what if I do? I don't need them. The me from the human world and the me here are two different people now. The old me was sad and lonely and weak. That's not me anymore, so who cares if she disappears.\" \"What about your family? What about Jason?\" \"My aunt probably hasn't even noticed I'm gone. And Jason...\" her voice wavered around her dear friend's name. \"Look this isn't about anyone but me and you right now. You just said it. If we're together, everything else will work out.\" \"Adair, your memories are your story. If you lose them here it's like you never existed.\" She shook her head. \"I've made up my mind. Look me in the eye and tell me you don't want me to stay.\" Of course he could not. As much as his head told him that what she proposed was wrong, his heart could not bare the thought of her leaving. He could no longer picture Fantasia without her. The thought of going back to the way things were before she came was now a colorless blur that made his heart ache. \"Adair...\" he began, but he fell short. He could not lie to her. His heart wouldn't let him. They had stopped dancing and their hands were no longer joined. He had both hands around her waist and she had both of hers around his shoulders. \"It's alright. If this really is 'the strongest magic' like everyone keeps saying, we should be able to overcome this right? We can do it, I know we can.\" He was very close to her face now, but she hadn't noticed yet. \"I'm not leaving you.\" \"Adair...\" He said once more, but he had nothing to say after that. He had finally stopped fighting her pull just as she had. His lips touched hers lightly, and when they did she brought hers closer. Their kiss sent shivers down her spine at first, then she felt her whole being flood with warmth. They held each other and he was so gentle when he did. She felt his hand slide up her back as he ran his fingers through her hair and the warmth she felt within herself suddenly spread from her chest all the way to her fingertips. Everything but him had vanished for her then. He in turn could see nothing in his mind but her. That is how they were never made aware of who else had seen them kiss. Jason tore up the steps to the balcony where he knew he would find Iole. Falkor was with her. \"Iole! Iole!\" He called. No one in the ballroom could hear him over the din of the music. She appeared to have barely noticed him when he finally reached the balcony. \"You rang?\" \"Send me back.\" He demanded. \"What do you mean?\" \"Send me back! Do that world jumping or whatever it's called.\" \"World diving.\" She corrected. \"Whatever! Just send me home. I'm done here.\" \"And what brought on this change of heart?\" He glowered at her fiercely and it was easy to see how hard he was fighting back his tears. \"Quit playing your games! You know exactly why! She made her choice and it wasn't me!\" She sighed. \"So you're just going to leave?\" \"Why not. She was my whole reason for coming here. What's left for me? I'm useless!\" \"Get a hold of yourself.\" \"It's the truth! Look at me! It's no wonder she picked him. The only reason I even got this far is because of a stupid lucky sword.\" He slouched against the railing and let himself sink to the floor completely defeated. He no longer cared if Iole and Falkor saw him cry. Nothing mattered anymore. Iole said nothing. It was Falkor who reached through the railing and rested one of his claws on the boy's shoulder. \"Now let me tell you something about your 'stupid lucky sword' Jason. There is a secret to luck magic. Most think it's all just random chances that happen to work out. Those Witches who held me even narrowed it down to something as trivial as probability. But they were wrong. That's not the whole truth. Luck has a lot to do with chance, but it's not so much the chances of happening so much as it is our hope that it will happen. When those Witches had me caged, they'd taken away every chance of escape. But that whole time I never gave up hope that I would get away. And low and behold, my three brave friends came to my rescue. Hope is the true power behind luck magic. That is what powers your sword Jason. That is your power. You must continue to hope even when all hope is gone.\" \"He's right.\" Iole stood over him with her arms folded. \"No matter what your reason for coming to Fantasia, you're here now. You are here for a reason, even if it's not the one you thought it was. Fantasia and everyone connected to it still needs you here. That is why I can't send you back.\" He wiped his eyes on his sleeve and tried to recompose himself. \"But what do I do if I can't have what I hoped for?\" \"Then hope for something better. Hope to get out of this alive at least.\" He smiled sadly and shook his head. \"You really know how to motivate people.\" She smirked. \"It's part of my charm.\" He inhaled and got back to his feet. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Don't apologize to me. You're the one you've been kicking. So what do you plan to do now?\" He only half thought about it. Any answer he gave wouldn't mean anything. It was still too soon. \"Slay some demons?\" \"And after that?\" \"I don't know. Find something else to hope for like you said... with luck.\" Falkor grinned. \"That's the spirit.\" The ball was interrupted suddenly by a cry of anguish. Jason had just returned to the ballroom and Atreyu and Adair had finally let go of one another when it rang out through the square. \"Atreyu! Where is Atreyu! I must speak to Atreyu! The crowd parted to let two figures pass: a compassionate blondycat and a blue skinned djinn. They supported a stooped and crippled figure between them. Adair recognized him with horror as one of General Heremoor's eagle riders. He was a knight with the head of a lion. Blood caked his golden mane and his silver armor. He coughed and hacked terribly and his once majestic face was covered in a patchwork of odd sores. Atreyu and Adair rushed to meet him. The ball had ended. The battle had come crashing at their door. \"What is it?\" Atreyu asked. \"What's happened? Where are the other eagle riders? Where's General Heremoor?\" The knight coughed before answering. \"Dead. He met Volrac on the battlefield. I saw it with my own eyes. Our General is no more.\" A wave of fear and despair rippled through the gathering. All were listening to his message. Adair rushed forward, taken by panic. Her heart ached at the thought of the boisterous General, her friend brought down by the monster who had ruined her life. She pressed him for more answers. \"What about Octavia? What happened to the rest?\" The knight took shallow ragged breaths. \"The fairies vanished when Volrac killed the General. We all scattered. I don't know what became of the fairies. My comrades...\" The lion knight choked \"My brother... all dead. Every last one of the eagle riders is dead.\" Atreyu placed a hand on his shoulder. \"Be at peace. It was not your fault.\" \"I lost my eagle.\" He rasped mournfully. \"I walked three days to reach here.\" \"How did you escape?\" He grew still. Slowly, very slowly he lifted his golden brown eyes to Atreyu. They were filled with pain and suffering. \"I didn't.\" He paused and stood upright without help this time. \"Atreyu forgive me. Please forgive me.\" Before he had a chance to explain himself the knight reared his head back and opened his great maw. He let out a final roar of agony that was soon drowned out by what came flooding out of his mouth. A great could of black and blue exploded out of his mouth that soon filled the entire space above them. No, Adair realized as she looked closer. Not a cloud, a swarm. Within the knight's body had hidden thousands of black and steel blue insects with fiery red eyes that buzzed like hornets. The knight at fell dead as the last of the swarm escaped his body. They compacted together, writhing and swirling until at last the swarm took on a form. Together they made a gigantic spider with one fiery red eye. It centered this burning eye with its vertical pupil on Atreyu and Adair. \"Hello again Atreyu twolegs.\" the swarm spoke with one voice that was high and hoarse that was not the right kind of voice at all for such a horrific creature. \"It's been a long, long time.\" Atreyu stood protectively in front of Adair and narrowed his dark gaze in anger. \"Ygramul.\" he spat. \"So glad you have not forgotten poor old Ygramul.\" The creature hissed. \"Because she has not forgotten you.[Chapter 20] A/N: Here it is, the next chapter and I'm here to warn you. There is a lot going on in here and it was hard for me to keep track of everyone. So it might get hard to follow. But I was determined to fit everything I could into this one chapter. It's easily the longest chapter by far. But I hope you enjoy it anyway! Feedback is appreciated as to how I can clear it up or if it's better as the chaotic mess I have here. Enjoy! Chapter 19: For Fantasia Slithering along the ceiling, blocking its twinkling lights from view, Ygramul held all in her one glowing red eye. Her form shifted as the endless horde of insects that made up her body rippled with restlessness. Whatever consciousness held them together, it was struggling to keep her entire being contained. Her whole form coiled and sprung with rage when that one terrible red eye came to rest on Atreyu. This attack could not have come at a worse time. Few if any of the guests were armed, and so many had been demoralized by the news of General Heremoor's death. Adair herself felt a sinking lump in her chest whenever she remembered it between the bouts of anxiety she felt at this creature's presence. \"Ygramul has waited a long time for this Atreyu Twolegs.\" The monster hissed in her shrill unfitting voice. \"Taking the side of the Nightmare King was worth all that we have endured for this very reason. Now we will tear the flesh from your bones as we have dreamed of doing for so long.\" \"So you have sided with Volrac.\" Atreyu spat. It wasn't that he was surprised, Ygramul was a despicable creature. He was more disgusted than surprised. \"What choice did we have? You left us to starve in the Dead Mountains! You broke your promise! And after we had so generously given to you of our venom. Ever since the secret of Ygramul's venom got out, she hasn't had a decent meal. Why did you break your promise Atreyu Twolegs! You gave your word! You swore by the Childlike Empress herself!\" \"He didn't reveal your secret.\" Came a bronze bellowing voice from the outer balcony. It was Falkor. \"I did. After we escaped your web, I told everyone in Fantasia who would listen that your venom was magic. Perhaps you wouldn't have starved if you had simply eaten your prey instead of torturing them first!\" \"You stay out of this Luckdragon! Ygramul shall settle her old score with you soon enough!\" The creature lowered its gaze back to Atreyu. \"Too bad for you Twolegs that you betrayed us, for now Ygramul's venom serves another purpose. The Nightmare King found a great use for it.\" Atreyu felt a great rage rising inside of him. \"You! You're the reason Volrac's army has been able to move freely through Fantasia!\" \"Aye, you were always clever. The two-legged Witch called Thoth took samples of our venom and used it to enchant special medallions. That is how we surrounded the General and his Eagle Riders before they could do a thing, and that is how we have surrounded you. My venom has allowed the dark army to break through the barrier of wishes. They will reach the Ivory Tower soon, and before sunrise this will all belong to our Lord Volrac!\" The monster laughed a most hideous laugh that was like the cacophony of a thousand warbling rats. It made one shiver with disgust as though they had been violated to hear that laugh. Adair was trembling now, but not from fear. She was furious. \"You helped them kill Heremoor! What have you done to Octavia? Where are the fairies?\" Ygramul merely laughed again. \"So you are the little human we have heard so much about. Are you worried about the fairies little girl? Isn't that sweet. After Lord Volrac obliterated the General, all your poor helpless fairies panicked. Those that didn't flee into the wind were caught in my snare. I ate them one by one. Have you ever heard the crunch of fairy wings? There are few things in this world as satisfying as the crack of their wings amidst their shrill dying screams.\" Ygramul laughed once more, but it would not laugh again. Creatures of Darkness come in many forms. They can be powerful or weak, beautiful or grotesque, clever or stupid. Ygramul was of the stupid variety. In her haste for revenge against Atreyu, she had come alone to this gathering. She had believed the guests to be unarmed and thought they would panic at the mere sight of her. She never would have guessed she would give a mere two-legs like Adair the means to destroy her. Ygramul's laughter stopped abruptly as though she had been choked. Her form ceased to change and began to close in on itself as though being squeezed by an external force. The air around her began to shimmer until all watching could see a glimmering orb of air closing in on the monster. On the floor, Adair held her hand out towards the monster, her fingers forming a cage and squeezing ever tighter. Rage drove her actions and fueled her magic, rage for her fallen friends and anger for how this monster could laugh at pain and fear that it caused so easily. Ygramul began to scream. Let her. Let her know what it's like to be afraid, to be helpless, to be hurt and not be able to do a thing about it. As the cage of air closed tighter and tighter around her, the hard carapaces of the insects began to crack. Those on the outer edge of the swarm were crushed under its weight. \"Please! Have mercy kind human! Do not kill poor Ygramul! Mercy! Please!\" \"Mercy? As you have shown mercy?\" Adair growled in a voice much lower than her own. It did not sound like her, not even to herself, but she knew it was hers. \"As you showed mercy to Heremoor and his knights? As you showed mercy to the Octavia and her court? Is that the kind of mercy you ask for? Because it is the only kind you will find here!\" As Adair spoke, her hand began to glow brighter and brighter, but not just her hand. Her eyes were filling with a strange and powerful light. She did not notice. All that mattered to her right now was satisfying her anger by making Ygramul suffer. She would have squeezed the monster until every last hateful beetle in its swarm was splattered had it not been for Atreyu. Gently, the boy warrior placed his hand on her arm, beckoning her to lower it. His dark eyes pleaded wordlessly for her to stop. It was not for Ygramul that he interceded. It was for Adair. It is one thing to feel anger, it is quite another to fill yourself with hatred as Adair was doing. To do so makes you cruel and deadens your sense of compassion. Even for a monster as despicable as Ygramul the Many, nothing is worth poisoning your heart. Atreyu knew this, and when her eyes met his, Adair knew it too. Slowly, she released her hold on Ygramul, but the monster remained where she was. For the first time in her existence, Ygramul the many was overwhelmed with fear. Adair kept her right where she was simply with her gaze. \"Leave this place.\" she commanded. \"Go back to your master and tell him that if he wants a fight, he's got one. Then go back to whatever hole you crawled out of and never show your face again.\" Ygramul did not move. The many beetles that made up her mass quivered in terror. \"LEAVE NOW!\" The entire chamber shook with Adair's voice and hit Ygramul like a hammer. In a wisp of blue and black she flew from the chamber as fast as she could, dragging her broken pride behind her. \"You will regret this!\" She called back. \"The Nightmare King! He comes!\" With Ygramul gone, light seemed to return to the square, but the ball was definitively over. All remained where they stood and every eye was on Adair. Some regarded her with fear, others with respect. The Eldest she could see gathered together, watching her with approval like they had expected nothing less. As one they glided across the floor to meet her. \"Not bad.\" said the Knight of the Hidden Thorn with admiration. \"That's quite a bit of fight you have in you young lady.\" \"You heard what that thing said.\" The Lady of the Midnight Hour reminded, as though they needed reminding. \"The Nightmare King's army will be closing in on the tower soon.\" \"They're close.\" said the Lady of the Waking Dream. \"I can feel them on the fringes of the barrier. Their wishes and dark magic is letting them break through.\" She held her hand to her head as though she'd been seized by a migraine. The Knight of Awakening steadied her. The Lady of Heaven's Grace with her kind blue eyes was calm and full of confidence, but she was not leading. She was looking to Adair. \"Adair Alicia Artemis, you've gathered the heroes of Fantasia. What do you propose we do now?\" Adair knew what she was waiting for, what all of them were waiting for. She looked around her until she found one of the rotating stages the musicians had performed on earlier. She gathered her skirt and let Atreyu help her onto it. She knew this needed to be fast before she came down off of the adrenaline coursing through her and she remembered how frightened of public speaking she was. Once more, her voice carried over the entire square and every Fantasian gathered could hear her as though she were standing beside them. \"Most of you are scared, I get that. I've been scared for a long time. Right now every nightmare in Fantasia is right outside ready to break through. But you know what? I'm not afraid anymore. I'm angry. And you should be too. Fantasia lost some great heroes today, and if we don't stop Volrac and his army, they're going to take the Fantasia you know away from you, away from Moon Child who has loved and protected each and every one of you. The nightmares think we're weak and scared and that's why they fight. They think it'll be easy. I plan to show them they're wrong. I'm done running from my nightmares! I'm going to look them in the eye and show them until they're the ones running scared!\" At the base of the stage near her feet, Atreyu turned to face the others and raised his fist in the air. \"For Fantasia!\" he cried and led the others into a tumult of zeal and courage for the coming storm. \"For Fantasia!\" they cried. \"For Moon Child!\" And so it was that Adair Alicia Artemis led Fantasia into battle. The outer terraces provided a view of the landscape surrounding the Ivory Tower. From here, Jason could see the Cyclops Bright Argus and his army of apprentices scattering silver dust all over the grounds of the infinite garden as Iole had suggested. The mole people who followed him were digging small pockets of earth to fill with the hidden silver. Jason couldn't see the dark army, but he knew they were not far. He didn't have the power the Lady of the Waking Dream possessed to sense them, but he was still aware of the frightening weight of their darkness closing in around them. He flexed his fingers and rolled his shoulder, trying to get used to moving in the new armor he'd been outfitted with. Iole had pulled out all the stops when she coerced Bright Argus to craft with the silver. He had taken the armor, but had chosen not to outfit himself with a silver blade. She had assured him that his sword was enchanted and would serve to wound the demons just as he'd done before. He wished he had her confidence. \"You look awesome.\" Adair commented when she arrived. He turned to face her and frowned when he noticed she wasn't armored as he was. \"You're wearing Meleah's tunic?\" She nodded. \"Yeah. It's been with me all the way so far. I think it can stand up to whatever Volrac can throw at it.\" \"Except a sword. Adair, what if you're attacked?\" \"Jason.\" She reminded him, holding up her hand which began to glow. \"Right, magic. I forgot.\" \"Are you both ready?\" Atreyu asked as he and Deisha arrived. \"The others will be here soon.\" Jason frowned to find that both of their plains friends were wearing their usual leather tunics and leggings. \"Why didn't you two get new armor?\" Atreyu opened his mouth to answer, but Jason held up a hand to stop him. \"Wait don't tell me. Plains warrior honor right?\" \"Besides, we're faster without it.\" Deisha remarked. \"You're just going to get weighted down.\" \"I've been working out.\" he held up his arm as if to flex. To this, Deisha merely rolled her eyes. In spite of their lack of armor, both Atreyu and Deisha were fully outfitted for battle. Both their quivers had been filled with silver tipped arrows. Deisha carried a new spear as tall as she was with both a head and shaft crafted from silver. At her waist were two new curved knives. Atreyu carried his sword which had been silver all along. Both of them had their dark hair drawn back and bound tight with leather cord. \"Say what you want about the cyclops.\" came a familiar voice. \"But he works fast.\" Iole sat at the edge of the terrace's railing in the same jeans and cropped shirt she'd always worn. She carried no weapons and the battle may not have been coming at all for the look of ease she wore. Jason sighed. \"Am I the only one who thought to wear armor?\" Iole leaped down and stepped to Deisha's side, taking an arrow from her quiver. She held her arm in front of her and morphed its soft flesh into hardened white scales that plated her completely. With tremendous force she rammed the arrow into her plated arm, shattering it to pieces, including the silver tip. She dusted her hands off. \"A bit redundant, don't you think?\" was her only reply. What had made Jason feel confident and proud a moment ago now made him feel overdressed and foolish among his comrades. But he was to be reprieved, for they were joined at that moment by Hykrion, the only one of his fellows to don his old golden armor. Baloc the horned rockbiter thundered behind him. \"The children have gone with the others who won't be fighting into the catacombs of the tower.\" He explained with a note of sadness in his voice. Adair frowned. \"I really am sorry Hykrion.\" Hykrion glowered. \"Don't you dare start that now, not after what you said up there. I'm in this now whether I like it or not.\" \"That's his way of saying you can count on us.\" Baloc said in his deep grating voice. \"Aye. We'll send those monsters running back to the hole they crawled out of.\" \"Glad to hear it old man. I'd hate to have to pick up your slack.\" It was Bahzha who arrived with Ze'hara and the Plains Elder at his side. They were representing the Plains people. \"Just like old times right boys? Whoever takes out the most foes gets first rights to drinks when this is over.\" Hysbald came wheeling in behind them, Engywook and Urgl on his shoulder bickering all the while. \"I told you to go back to the catacombs with the other women and children!\" Engywook griped at his wife. \"And just wait there while the two of you likely get yourselves blown up? I won't hear of it. You'll need me to patch your broken fool bodies up out there.\" \"There will be no blowing up! My inventions are foolproof!\" \"Then you must be a bigger fool than I realized for how many times you've blown the roof of my hut!\" Engywook snarled. \"Devilish old woman.\" He griped, conceding to his wife's stubbornness. \"I believe we're all here now Adair.\" It was the Lady of Heaven's Grace who had spoken. The Eldest had arrived, and Jason breathed a sigh of satisfaction to see that the Knights of the Eldest were outfitted in armor. \"Have you decided on a strategy?\" Arriving just after the Eldest were Cairon and Gandarin as well as others from the Fantasian council Adair recognized. \"We have instructed our fellows to take command of their respective people.\" Cairon reported. \"What would you have us do?\" To this Adair turned to the boy at her side. \"Jason, I need your help.\" Jason frowned. \"Mine?\" She nodded. \"All those hours of RPG's are about to pay off.\" They each talked for a good long while and Jason asked every one of them a series of questions. Adair had informally selected him as her military adviser, so now he was assessing the skills of their allies. They discussed the various talents of the Fantasians who would be fighting with them, and also the various powers the members of the Eldest possessed (which were many). He found perhaps their most valuable asset in Atreyu who had laid siege to the tower before and knew which areas would be the most likely openings in its defenses. \"They'll have a long fight ahead of them just to reach the tower.\" Atreyu reasoned, \"but when they do, this is the spot where they'll most likely break through.\" He pointed to the crude diagram of the tower Jason had scratched into the ground with his blade. \"Then we'll station ourselves here on the ridge above their assault. We can see the whole battle from up there and Adair can rain some crazy magic on them easily. The Lady of the Waking Dream should stay with us to give us updates on the battle.\" The woman with long honey colored hair and rose red lips nodded and the Knight of Awakening placed a protective hand on her shoulder. \"Hysbald, you'll lead the sky troops and guard the upper terraces. Don't let anything through.\" \"I thought I was leading the sky troops.\" Iole questioned. Adair spoke up. \"Actually I have a special job for you. A good place to start on the offense would be to take out the Seekers. Their magic is what holds the entire army together. We could cripple the army if we run interference. You've hunted them longer than anyone else. What can you give us?\" Iole thought for a moment. \"I probably won't be able to take them out like this, but I have an idea that can distract them. Nag is terrified of me. If I can keep its attention on running away from me, it won't be focusing on the battle. And if I get to eat him in the process,\" the dragon girl grinned eerily. \"That's even better.\" Adair shuddered at the thought. \"Creepy.\" \"Cairon, we need you to put together teams of healers.\" Jason continued. He was taking to this role with relative ease. \"We'll need medical support. The Knight of the Unyielding and the Lady of the Unfailing will cover you.\" The young boy and girl among the Eldest shared mischievous smiles. \"Sounds like fun.\" \"And me?\" Gandarin asked in his small but firm voice. He gazed up at Adair with his round blue eyes. \"What would you have me do? It shames me to admit that I am far too old to be any use in a battle, but surely you don't expect me to remain idle while Fantasia's fate is decided.\" Adair nodded slowly. \"You have perhaps the most important task here. You must protect the little ones in the catacombs. If we fail, it falls to you to escape with them and get them far away from Volrac and the Circle of the Night.\" Her declaration hung in the air. While it was important to maintain hope, it would be thoughtless not to prepare for this most horrible, but still possible eventuality. Not to do so would have been thoughtless of the little ones they were protecting. Still it was a heavy thought to bear that in spite of all their power, all their effort, they might still lose. Gandarin nodded in quiet acceptance. \"And how will I know when the time is right?\" The Lady of the Undying Rose stepped to his side and took a petal from the rose in her hand. \"Here.\" She handed it to him. \"If this petal wilts, you will know it is time to escape.\" Gandarin took the petal solemnly. \"I best make my way down there then. Who knows when they'll arrive.\" He shuffled his little feet away from them, but cast one last look behind him at Adair. \"If ever I had doubts about you, about any of you, they were erased when you stood on that platform tonight. If anyone can save Fantasia, it's you Adair Alicia Artemis.\" And then he departed. Adair watched him go sadly and thought back on the wish she had made that no matter what happened the Tuatha would be safe. She hoped that now extended to the rest who were waiting below the tower while they carried on the fight out here. \"Lady of the Waking Dream, how much time do we have?\" \"Not much. But they won't break through without warning. They want us to know they're coming. Like all nightmares, they wish to frighten us.\" \"It won't work.\" Atreyu said firmly. \"Of course it won't.\" The Lady smiled. \"We have the most powerful magic on our side.\" Adair nodded, feeling her heart begin to hammer in her chest. \"Let's hope it's enough. We all have things to do. Let's get to our posts.\" Atreyu clapped a hand on Jason's shoulder. \"Don't forget our bet. If I slay more demons than you do, you have to leap into the coldest lake in Fantasia.\" Jason stared back at him, doing his best to keep his face blank. Even as the other boy smiled back at him, totally unaware of the anger lying under the surface, the same image danced across Jason's eyes to taunt him. He could see the kiss he had shared with Adair as clearly as he had on the dance floor. There was much he wanted to say, to do to Atreyu that he kept reigned in. Now was not the time. He shook hands with Atreyu, clamping down with an iron grip. \"Same to you.\" The Lady of the Waking Dream had been right about one thing. Volrac's army was not quiet about their entrance. With the darkness of night still closing in around the tower, pressing back against the city's lights, Adair couldn't see the army so much as feel that they were there, their collective wills hammering against the barrier of wishes that had kept them out of the infinite garden thus far. At this point she could practically hear their growling and gnashing of teeth, their fierce desire to break through and destroy everything in their path. This served to explain the Lady of the Waking Dream's apparent strain as she could feel them coming in. Everyone in the tower that had chosen to fight was crowded around the outer terraces, the bulk of their forces facing the tower's west. Jason, Atreyu, and Deisha were at her side and in spite of how loud she felt their enemy advancing, all was deathly quiet. She felt her heart beating in rhythm to the coming battle and she felt that the waiting was worse than whatever Volrac's army could hit her with. Her eyes scanned below the forces that had chosen to follow her and her heart ached as she wondered how many, if any would survive. The silence was shattered all at once and Adair found that she wouldn't have minded waiting just a bit longer. The Lady of the Waking Dream shrieked loud enough for all to hear her. \"They've broken through!\" Now there was more than simply darkness in the night. She could see them all like a swarm of rats flooding through the infinite garden. The glowing red, yellow, and green eyes of the demons made them easy to see even at that distance because of how many there were. Some bounded ahead and tore through the labyrinth's hedges on all fours. Some were gigantic and lumbered on legs as large as tree trunks. Some flew over the infinite garden on shadowy wings. \"Hold your ground!\" Jason called, reminding their troops that they were to wait for the demons to fall into their trap first. As it turned out, the first wave of demons was taken by the silver dust. Those who stepped on where it was buried found that it exploded into the air and scalded their flesh. Those who trampled it under their feet fell to the ground and shriveled away. The flying demons were choked by the clouds of silver dust that were kicked up. But the defense did not last. For every wave of demons that fell, two more rose up in their place. The creatures of darkness that led them were cunning and thanks to the medallions enchanted with Ygramul's venom, they could be in one place and then on the other side of the battlefield in the blink of an eye. This kept them able to command the demonic hoard at a safe distance. After the dark forces overcame the initial shock of the silver dust, they began to close in little by little on the Ivory Tower. The infinite garden was slowly being engulfed in a wave of black with thousands of glowing hate filled eyes. \"I believe that's our cue!\" Falkor called out to Iole and his fellow luckdragons. Iole changed shape and the six dragons took off into the sky. Swooping over Volrac's forces, they unleashed a wave of fire, the Luckdragon's azure blue, Iole's burning gold. They created a wall of fire between the demons and the tower. \"Any sign of Volrac or the Seekers?\" Adair asked the Lady of the Waking Dream. \"They're here.\" The Lady replied. \"They just haven't shown themselves yet. I can sense a terrible evil on the fringes of the army's darkness, watching, waiting to strike like spiders.\" Adair didn't like the sound of that. It painted a grim picture, like the entire bulk of the horde they were facing was nothing more than the web, and that the real monsters were merely reeling them in. They needed to deal with this and fast. With a mighty crash the demons managed to breach the wall of fire, and though it slowed and killed many, these monsters were mindless and merely crashed against it again and again like waves upon rocks. They were advancing once more. Bahzha raised his hand to signal the Plains people. \"Archers on my mark!\" He pointed forward. \"Now!\" The silver tipped arrows of the Plains archers shot into the air like starlight filling the night sky. They arced over them and rained down on the front lines of the dark army. Hykrion signaled the rockbiters who hurled boulders into the sky that crushed the demon's ranks. Any of their flying enemies were kept at bay and thrown off course either by the dragon's fire or by Hysbald and his flying forces. The songbird cannons he had built for them were doing an exceptional job at disorienting the winged demons. Twinfang himself rode at the head of the flying demons and he and his followers attempted to rain fire and ice on the tower. Cackling witches flew overhead on their twisted broomsticks with hideous gargoyles at their command. Below them, the Knight of the Unyielding and the Lady of the Unfailing exchanged mischievous grins before joining hands. They leaped high into the air, spinning in a circle around their joined hands. In their other hands they each held a toy; he a wooden sword, she a carved wand. They spun their toy weapons around them, and wherever they waved them, the spells of their enemies either flew back the way they had come, or shattered harmlessly. This was their power. The magic of witches was nothing to them, and they took to fighting black magic like playing pranks, giggling all the while. The first of the army had reached the base of the tower at last. It was time for their ground forces to defend themselves. \"Our turn.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace signaled for her fellows. The Knight of Heaven's Charm was at her side. Like the royalty Adair knew them to be they marched to the front with the Lady of the Midnight Hour and the Knight of the Tomorrow's Promise. The Lady of Heaven's Grace closed her eyes and stretched her fingers outward. A howling wind poured out of the sky, and with it came a fierce snow storm. Her Knight rode forward on a white horse, undeterred by the cold, able to see in the harshest parts of the storm. With lance in hand he skewered the enemies that were caught in the wake of his lady's power. Adair knew this was her cue to join the battle. Remembering the rage she had felt earlier at Ygramul, and the power that surged within her, fueled by her wish to protect the tower, she let all of her restraint go. She allowed all her power to flood through like a crashing tide. Fantastic lights of all colors were flying out of the tower now, dancing like fire and swirling like a storm. They blinded and hurled the demons in their wake, tossing them aside like rag dolls and burning them to cinders as they went. They rained down on the dark army like hail and for a moment they were driving the dark army back with magic alone. But on the far edge of the battle, the servants of evil had yet to unleash their darkest weapon. Watching the battle from afar with his telescope, seated comfortably on a litter of cushions, Thoth gestured to Nag. \"M'dear Nag, I believe it's time.\" Nag grinned with its crooked fangs. It raised its claw-tipped hands skyward and rammed its palms into the ground. The entire infinite garden rumbled and quaked, and from Nag's fingertips a dreadful thing sprouted and spread from the ground. Great twisted vines and branches of sharp thorns tore up from the ground, corrupting everything it touched and covering the ground with rolling gray mist as it went. The Circle of the Night had brought the Forest of Thorns itself with them. The Dark magic it was forged from began to create a sort of cover for the demons and stopped Adair's light from annihilating them. Even the snow storm had been negated. The Eldest who had marched to the front were caught in it as it began to encroach upon the tower's very walls. Like enormous skeletal fingers, the branches of the forest grasped the walls and began to break through. With the forest came more demons, breaching their defenses. Now Adair's army was fighting hand to hand with the army of darkness. Adair searched frantically for the Lady of Heaven's Grace and the other Eldest who had gone with her. The Knight of Awakening looked to his lady who merely nodded to him. \"Go find them.\" The Knight leaped gallantly off the railing of the terrace and landed directly onto one of the forest's thorny branches. He slid down its length on its feet and leaped into the air, bounding branch after twisted branch until he reached where his fellows had last been seen. Then he reached for the sword at his waist and leaped high into the air. His blade shown like the sun and cut through the darkness, shattering the canopy of the Forest of Thorns. He found the Lady of Heaven's Grace and the Knight of Heaven's Charm waiting for him at the forest floor surrounded by a host of hellish demons, but holding their own. The Knight of Heaven's Charm flashed him a grin. \"Nice to see you haven't lost a step with that sword of yours.\" \"You must be joking.\" The other knight shot back. \"Traipsing through darkened woods full of monsters and witches? This is old hat to us is it not?\" \"Indeed.\" Replied the Lady of Heaven's Grace. \"Everyone alright?\" It was the Lady of the Midnight Hour accompanied by her knight. \"That depends on your definition of alright my lady.\" The Knight of Awakening responded, turning with his gleaming sword to form a circle with the others. The demons began to close in on them. They were hideous bloated gargling creatures with blank yellow eyes and jagged teeth. The Creature of Darkness who led them, a goblin warlord by the name of Hooktooth rode into view astride a giant wolf. \"Well, well, well, look what we have here.\" He crooned in his gravelly voice. \"A couple of little princesses and their little prince-lings who've lost their way in our woods. Put that sword of yours away. Not even its light can pierce this forest. The darkness rules here!\" \"He has a point.\" said the Lady of Heaven's Grace. \"My power over nature holds little sway here. This forest is far too twisted for my liking.\" \"Dear Knight and Lady,\" said the Knight of Awakening, keeping his defensive stance as he spoke to the Lady of the Midnight Hour and the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise. \"Now might be an ideal time to employ your little trick.\" The Knight of Tomorrow's Promise smiled at his lady. \"Shall we dance my love?\" The Lady of the Midnight Hour nodded. \"I'll hold onto this moment for as long as I can.\" \"No tricks Eldest! You rule these lands no longer! Get them!\" On Hooktooth's command the host of demons lunged, then all at once they stopped. Their movement slowed as though they were swimming through invisible water. The Knight of Tomorrow's Promise on the other hand was now moving at lightning speed with rapier in hand. In the blink of an eye he dashed from one foe to the other. His lady all the while watched him with widened eyes as she held her concentration. None of the others gained the same speed, for this power to loosen the hold of time was one she could use only on her beloved. In moments each and every yellow eyed demon was down. As Hooktooth shrieked in outrage, the Knight of Heaven's Charm used the opportunity to charge forward on his steed. With his silver lance he charged head on at Hooktooth, burying his pole-arm into the wolf's hide. The goblin was thrown from his steed where a fearsome cold wind closed in around him, plating him completely in ice. The Lady of Heaven's Grace nodded with satisfaction. With the immediate danger gone, time went back to its natural order while the Lady of the Midnight Hour slumped to her knees, breathing heavily. The Knight of Tomorrow's Promise dashed to her side and brushed her blond curls from her face. \"Can't rest yet my love. The battle's not over.\" \"Just catching my breath.\" she said through ragged breathing. \"I can see why you don't use it that often.\" The Knight of Awakening remarked, impressed by her power. \"Father Time has a nasty right hook doesn't he.\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm trotted back to his comrades. \"What about your lady? How does she fare?\" In response, the Knight of Awakening held up his shining sword. \"Still with Adair, but her power holds. So long as we're out here, she'll light the way for us just as she always has.\" Back within the Ivory Tower's walls overlooking the battle, the Lady of the Waking Dream breathed a sight of relief and told Adair of what had just transpired. \"They're safe.\" She assured her. \"Let's go down there now.\" Atreyu urged them, tired of remaining on the sidelines. \"No not yet.\" The Lady shook her head. \"We shall need you when these Witches called the Seekers enter the fray. I cannot sense the Nightmare King, but I can feel the Seekers preparing to make their move.\" Adair strained her energy to see if she too could sense the puppet masters of the attack. It was no use. The darkness of the forest was too strong for her to pierce. She knew the Lady was right, all the same she hated standing by, and she knew Atreyu was in agony not being able to go and help his tribesmen. By now the Plains people were also becoming engulfed in the forest as it stretched its branches over the outer walls of the tower and into the grounds themselves. Waves of demons were pouring out of them and into the courtyards. She could see that the Plains Warriors had discarded their bows in favor of swords and spears and clubs. They were fierce fighters who put their whole hearts into each and every attack, like they carried the hopes of Fantasia on the tips of their blades. She saw Atreyu quiver with worry and frustration as the thorns of the forest closed in around his people. She placed her hand on his. \"It'll be alright. Without the Seekers around, the forest will disappear.\" They did not have long to wait. The Lady of the Waking Dream had been spot on with her prediction of the Circle of the Night. With the army and the forest at last within the tower itself, Thoth and Nag were free to roam the dark woods. \"Do you think Fay's used the key yet?\" Nag asked. \"If she had, the battle would have been over by now wouldn't it.\" Thoth stated blandly. \"What do you suppose is taking her so long? She went into the tower with those two assassins hours ago.\" \"In any event, she's on her own now. Ah here we are. This tree should suffice.\" Thoth declared as they reached an exceptionally thick tree in the midst of the woods. \"This should do nicely.\" From his pocket he withdrew a piece of chalk and began to etch a magic circle into the blackened trunk. \"Is this really the time to play with your toys with that thing flying around?\" Nag complained. \"With that beast in pursuit of us, now is the perfect time to employ my latest device. We may only be the distraction, but by the darkness I will give Fantasia one devil of a show.\" When he had completed the array, he held his hand flat. From the filthy sleeve of his coat, a small metal something crawled into his palm. It looked much like a spider made of cogs, springs, hooks, and wire. With a whisper of instruction, the metal spider leaped from his hand and into the center of the magic circle. Then it extended its legs and pierced the trunk with them, creating a hole and slicing cleanly through until a great cavity remained in the tree's center, large enough for Thoth to climb inside. But now in place of wood there was a metal lined chamber. Switches and levers jutted from its walls. Thoth positioned himself inside and took hold of the levers. Nag watched on with a frown. \"Any chance I could squeeze in there with you?\" \"And share the spotlight?\" Thoth asked sounding mildly insulted. \"Never. This is my armor. If you're so concerned about becoming dragon food, go and find your own. Farewell m'dear. Now watch and tremble Fantasia as you learn just what my imagination is capable of.\" With a terrible screeching and crashing of iron and wood, the tree Thoth was in rose and grew to tremendous size. Now it had grown so much that Adair and the others could see it. The trunk became a plated torso while its branches turned and twisted to create long tentacles that sprouted from its back. From the sides of its trunk came two massive arms with cruel hooked thorns on the knuckles of its twisted fingers. Its roots sprang from the ground and became legs like that of the spider that had carved it open. And at the crown of the trunk came a face from nightmares with empty burning red eyes. Smoke poured from those eyes that burned with fire. Flames spewed from its maw which was lined all along its outside with angular jaws. The new monstrosity of forest and machine lumbered through the woods and into the tower's courtyard. When it reached the tower itself, it latched its glittering walls with the tentacles on its back and began to climb. Atreyu looked on in horror as Thoth's machine started to climb the Ivory Tower. \"What is that thing?\" Jason merely sighed. \"Thoth would bring a mech. Adair can you hit it from here?\" Adair focused and channeled her energy as she had before when she'd rained destruction on the demons. The shining wave of power washed over it, but rather than burning to cinders, the nightmarish machine caged it with the tentacles on its back, condensing it into a gigantic orb. Then with a fling of its branches sent Adair's power flying right back at them. They ducked as it exploded into the tower, but it hit too fast and too strong. With an explosion of debris, Adair and everyone nearby was thrown backwards. Through a haze, Adair felt Atreyu pulling her to her feet. The entire square they'd been standing in had been fissured until it was unrecognizable and shattered marble was strewn all about. \"Are you alright?\" She coughed the dust from her throat. \"I'm fine. Is everyone okay?\" With some effort, Jason emerged from beneath the rubble and shook himself off. Deisha was helping the Lady of the Waking Dream who seemed remarkably unscathed despite being thrown. The Lady of the Unfailing and the Knight of the Unyielding were the only ones who had remained on their feet. \"It's no good.\" Atreyu said with dismay. \"It seems Thoth armed it to repel magic.\" Jason nodded. \"Then to take out the mech, we need to take out its pilot. Come on.\" he motioned. \"We need to get to higher ground and stop that thing. Lady can you find us a quick path to head it off?\" The Lady of the Waking Dream nodded. \"Yes, but follow me quickly. I don't know what he plans, but at this rate he'll reach the Ivory Garden before our forces can put a scratch on him.\" \"We'll come too!\" The Lady of the Unfailing cried. \"We know a trick to get in.\" \"Good.\" Deisha said, hefting her spear. \"Looks like we'll need all the help we can get.\" \"Let's go!\" Jason took off ahead with the others at his heels. Adair took position in the back to cover them, but stopped short. A strange chill had just seized her chest, that feeling you get when you can't explain how you know, but you are certain that something is terribly amiss. Without knowing why, she looked up. High above her, stalking their way through the upper levels of the tower she saw them. Because she knew them she spotted them right away. Terrified Fantasians were fleeing past them while Thoth's machine shook the tower, and they paid them no mind. They drew no suspicion for they were not demons, nor were they creatures of darkness. But Adair knew from experience that they were not friends either. Side by side, the Knight of the Burning Dawn and the Lady of the Evening Star were making their way up the tower, he in his shining silver armor with his morningstar resting over his shoulder, and she with her long white cloak flapping behind her. Adair clenched her fist so hard her fingernails broke the skin of her palms when she saw that another followed behind them, this one much smaller than they. Fay had forsaken her black attire and striped stockings for a pure white thigh-length gown with long billowing sleeves. Whatever the reason for her new wardrobe, Adair neither realized nor cared. All she could see was the hateful little Witch she had always been. The surety with which she and her bodyguards made their way upward made Adair realize what was happening. They went discretely and unnoticed. She couldn't guess at the exact nature of their mission, but she knew from how quietly they went that Thoth was merely a distraction. The true intentions of the Circle of the Night were being enacted by Fay. \"Adair, come on! They're leaving us behind!\" Deisha called to her. She took her hand and tried to pull her along, but Adair stayed transfixed on the invading trio. She pointed and Deisha saw but did not recognize them. \"Who are they?\" \"The short one's Fay, the Seeker of Love. The other two tried to kill us in the Forest of Thorns. I have to stop them.\" Deisha nodded. \"Then I'm coming with you.\" \"No you can't. Atreyu and Jason need your help against Thoth. They'll need everyone to bring that thing down. Don't worry, I can handle Fay. Hurry and get to the others!\" She tried to see their companions, but they had taken off at such speed that they were losing sight of them completely in the chaos. \"Tell them not to worry about me. I'll join you as soon as I can.\" Not wanting to argue further, Deisha simply nodded. \"We'll come help you when it's over.\" She squeezed Adair's hand tightly and Adair squeezed back. They both knew full well this could be the last time they saw each other. Deisha took off at a run. She knew she could not reach her quarry fast enough on foot. Not thinking about what she was doing Adair lifted her fingers to her mouth and whistled. The faithful gallop of hooves heralded Arian's arrival. Her steed had ridden loyally from the stables and straight to her at her call. With more grace than she knew she had, and with far more confidence than her first ride, Adair swept her leg into the stirrup of the saddle and swung herself onto her horse's back. Together they rode at full speed to save the tower. Meanwhile, with Fay already within the tower, and Thoth scaling its walls, it fell to Nag to maintain the Forest of Thorns, a job much easier said than done when being pursued by a cadre of Luckdragons and a fierce White Dragon that was spitefully burning each and every clearing the tattooed Witch fled to. Nag swung through the branches like a monkey and slipped into another grove to catch its breath. The fire from the dragons' breath was licking the branches around its hiding place. It thought frantically of a way to save itself. Then an idea came to it. It closed its eyes and reached out with its primal thoughts to another creature tied to the forest. A shrill whistling of beating wings buzzed around Nag as Ygramul the Many filled the grove with her ever changing body. Her one red eye centered on Nag. \"You summoned us great Nag?\" Nag grinned with its canine teeth. \"Yes as a matter of fact I did. I need a favor.\" \"Anything great Nag. There is no foe we cannot slay with our poison. We can protect you from anyone...\" She trailed off. \"Well, anyone but the human Adair Alicia Artemis. Her magic is too great even for us.\" Nag shook its head. \"No, no, don't worry. Nothing like that. But I do need protection.\" It emerged from the thicket it hid in and strode casually until it was directly in front of Ygramul's red eye. \"Protection from someone far more dangerous than Adair.\" As Nag spoke, it hid one of its clawed hands behind its back. Its crisscrossing tattoos snaked their way to its fingers and covered its arm in a thick black substance, like tar. The collective of Ygramul's body rippled with shivers. \"More dangerous than the human?\" She cried in her shrill voice. \"How can Ygramul accomplish that?\" Nag chuckled. \"Oh I have a few ideas.\" Then without warning, Nag thrust its new slick black hand into the heart of the monster. With lightning speed it grasped its fingers around the heart of Ygramul and began to pull it out. \"Great Nag!\" Ygramul rasped as though she were being choked. \"Why? Why do you do this to us? Are we not loyal?\" The insects began to swarm round and round in protest, but with Nag's fingers on her heart, there was nothing Ygramul the Many could do to stop it. \"It's nothing personal Ygramul.\" Nag soothed as it began to pull the monster's heart from within the mass of insects. \"I just don't wish to become the Dragon's lunch. Sooooo...\" Then at last Nag drew it out. In its hand it held Ygramul's heart, a bright crimson beetle that pulsating with blood red light, the queen of the rest of her body. \"You're going to become mine.\" Without another word, Nag slipped the beetle into its mouth. The thousands of insects swirled faster still around Nag as its laughter echoed through the grove. And soon Nag's laughter was joined by the cackling of thousands of others. The insects laughed with it. Jason's group dashed through the tower and came directly on where Hykrion was stationed with his rockbiter companions. \"What the devil is that thing?\" Hykrion bellowed, his face as red as a turnip. \"My boys did everything we could to block its advance, but the bloody thing just kept climbing!\" \"We're taking care of it.\" Jason assured him. The entire time he'd run he had kept his hand on the hilt of the sword strapped to his back. \"Right now Bahzha's unit needs your help. The lower levels of the tower were consumed by the forest. The Plains people are surrounded down there. We'll deal with Thoth.\" Hykrion nodded. Though he wanted to stay and fight such a worthy opponent, his comrade was in danger. The old Hykrion would have chosen glory over friendship, but that now went against what he knew to be more important. \"You heard him boys! Let's get down there and show these monsters what Hykrion the Marauder and his gang of rockbiter brutes can do!\" They parted ways and the group was about to continue their quest upward, but the brief stop to catch their breath had allowed Atreyu to take notice of what he hadn't before. \"Where's Adair?\" When he heard this, Jason also took notice. \"I thought she was right behind you!\" Deisha shook her head. \"Typical boys. You seriously just noticed she was missing?\" Atreyu took her firmly by both shoulders. \"Where is she? What happened?\" Deisha shook him off. Though she knew there was too much at stake right now for her to worry about her personal feelings, the worry in Atreyu's dark eyes and the forcefulness he used to demand Adair's whereabouts cut her deeply. \"She has something to do. She said she'd come help us when she was done.\" \"She's right.\" The Lady of the Waking Dream interjected. \"I can feel her racing to the top of the tower chasing something very important. You'll have to meet her when you are finished with the Witch's machine.\" Jason didn't like the way she said that. \"Aren't you coming with us?\" She shook her head and her long blond tresses swished as she did. \"I have reached the end of my power here. If I go any further, I won't be able to guide my Knight out of the darkness. Unyielding and Unfailing will have to go with you in my stead.\" \"Will you be alright here by yourself?\" Atreyu asked, his chivalry showing clearly. Jason agreed. \"Yeah, I mean this spot will be overrun with demons soon.\" The Lady of the Waking Dream stood resolute. \"I'll simply have to trust my Knight will find me soon. Our power is to cut through any darkness as long as we're together.\" The Knight of the Unyielding beamed at them. \"Don't worry about her. She can take care of herself.\" \"They're right, we have to hurry.\" Deisha pressed them. Without another word, Jason led them on. The battle had reached the inside of the tower. Now full-out war was being waged both within and without. Fantasians of all kinds were battling the Creatures of Darkness and the demons who followed them. On the ground, Bahzha and the Plains People were joined by Hykrion and his rockbiters. \"Just like old times, eh Hydorn?\" Hykrion laughed uproariously as he cleaved his silver greatsword through another demon, fighting back to back with his old comrade. \"I told you that's not my name anymore.\" Bahzha protested, pinning another demon with his spear. \"How's Hysbald holding up?\" In the skies, Hysbald and the fliers behind him were keeping Twinfang's forces at bay. Urgl and Engywook manned the songbird cannon. But it could not do much against Twinfang's fire and ice. \"Hold on you two!\" Hysbald cried as he swerved evasively. \"I think I'm going to be sick!\" Engywook moaned, clinging tightly to Hysbald's shoulder. \"Here!\" Urgl called, pulling a remedy flask from the folds of her skirt. Her husband batted it away. \"Now is not the time for your nonsense woman!\" And their battle was not the only one lighting the skies. Iole and the luckdragons had a new threat to face. Ygramul the many had emerged from the forest canopy in a swirling black mass, and a new voice came from its center. \"How do you like me now White Dragon!\" Nag taunted, held aloft in the center of the great mass. \"Now I'm a shape-shifter too!\" Ygramul's body was monstrous, easily larger than the dragons four times over. Not only that, it was difficult for their fiery breath to strike its ever changing body. At times Nag would change it into a great hand to catch one of them and squeeze. \"Come on bite! Bite you worthless insects!\" Nag cursed its inability to use Ygramul's poison. As luck would have it, Nag was not adept enough with Ygramul's body to employ her deadly venom. But that did not stop it from lashing out at the dragons. \"I can't pierce the center.\" Iole growled in frustration, flying next to Falkor. \"No one said this fight would be easy.\" Falkor winked. \"But with a little luck I think we can give you a clear shot.\" \"That's your answer for everything!\" \"Hasn't steered me wrong yet. Trust me.\" Galloping at full speed, Adair could at last see her target. They had been easier to track than she had expected. Along the way she had seen the horrors of Fay's magic at work. She had turned the hearts of Fantasians against themselves. Wherever they had been she had found them swallowed by anger, frozen by their fear, or broken completely by regret. She had even passed a laughing nymph whose run in with Fay's dark magic had left her so gray and weary that she would never laugh again. They were nearly to the council chamber. The fighting had not reached here yet, and the many pathways were completely empty. She was now close enough to them to see that Fay carried something with her. Strapped to her back was a long ovular case of black wood almost as long as she was. She grasped AURYN tightly and used her power to silence the beating of Arian's hooves, readying her hand to snatch whatever it was. Unfortunately, Fay turned just in time to leap out of the way of her charge, as did her bodyguards. Arian skidded to a halt and turned so Adair could face them down. She swung herself off her saddle and whispered to Arian to leave, not wanting him in the line of fire. As always, her horse did as she commanded. Dawn and Star flanked Fay with their weapons at the ready, but Adair's eyes were locked with Fay's. Those cold reflective blue eyes stared back into Adair's with that same cat-like mix of boredom and curiosity that they had carried that day in the bookshop when she had tricked her into reading the Neverending Story. Just as she had then, the Witch was watching her, waiting curiously to see what she would do, as if she were hoping for something exciting. Shy of Volrac himself, Adair hated this girl more intensely than she had ever despised anyone. \"You've grown much stronger.\" Star remarked, sounding genuinely impressed. Dawn leveled his spiked morningstar with her head. \"But not even you are powerful enough to stand against all three of us, Mirror of the Empress.\" Adair ignored them as her hands started to glow with gold and purple light. \"No, but with us she can.\" came a voice from behind her. The entrance to the council chamber was at her back, and emerging from its doorway was the Lady of the Undying Rose and the Knight of the Hidden Thorn. \"So it is true.\" The Knight of the Hidden Thorn spat. \"You two have forsaken Fantasia.\" \"And the two of you are here to stand in our way.\" Dawn grimaced. \"And why doesn't that surprise me?\" \"I came to see if your hearts could be changed.\" The Lady of the Undying Rose shook her head sadly. \"But I see now that it was a waste. You two are as stubborn and immovable as you've always been.\" \"You've always been obsessed with change Rose.\" Star hissed. \"You can't pull our strings like you do on your dog there.\" The Knight of the Hidden Thorn growled. \"She did not change me. She brought out the good that was already there, an effort that is clearly wasted on petulant children like you.\" The meaning of this exchange was enough to break Adair's intense concentration on her enemy. At last she pieced together who Dawn and Star really were. \"Dawn and Star? You're part of the Eldest?\" \"We were.\" Dawn admitted darkly. \"We are among the oldest stories in Fantasia, and love has bound us together through the ages. But unlike these hypocrites, our love has been torn away from us again and again, and there is never a thing we can do about it. We are always fated to be parted.\" Star's face fell at this declaration and Adair could see memories of sadness that spanned untold ages play across her eyes. \"Until now. Whatever becomes of Fantasia is not our concern. We will cross the threshold to the human world. There our love will be our own.\" \"Even if it risks the death of every hope and dream of mankind?\" Rose pleaded. \"Even if you succeed, you'll be going to a dead world without color, without love.\" \"We are done worrying about the dreams of humans. When have they ever cared about ours?\" \"It is not your place to dream!\" Thorn shouted. \"Whether you acknowledge it or not, your story carries hope for humans!\" \"What would either of you know about it?\" Star cried. \"You have never lived with tragedy like we have!\" \"Have you already forgotten Star?\" There was another voice now. Dawn and Star whirled to face the Lady of Two Worlds and the Knight of the Other Side. The red haired lady was smiling as always, but her smile was a sad one, like the look of a mother struggling to help a wayward child see the consequences of their stubbornness. \"Our story began as a tragedy as well.\" The Knight of the Other Side smiled as well. \"I may have been too dense to see what was right in front of me, but she never gave up on me, and you two shouldn't give up either.\" \"We're not.\" Dawn stated, though it was apparent that his resolve was being sorely tested by this confrontation. \"We're simply trying another way.\" Rose sighed. \"Is there nothing we can do to sway your course before you destroy yourselves?\" Dawn met her eyes in turn, then in a flash he hurled his heavy morningstar at the wall beside them. It tore a gaping hole through the marble. Without looking back he barked an order to Fay. \"Go Witch! You have a job to do!\" Fay passed wordlessly through the new opening. She was gone before Adair could do anything to stop her. Dawn lifted his gaze back to Rose. \"Let that be your answer.\" Rose shook her head. \"I'm sorry it had to come to this. Lady of Two Worlds, Knight of the Other Side, it's about time to use that last resort Jason spoke of. Head to the lower squares now.\" The two Eldest joined hands and left to perform their dreaded task. Rose motioned to Adair. \"It's time for you to do what you came all this way to do. Stop the Seeker of Love. Dawn, Star, your fight is with us.\" Dawn and Star readied their weapons, but made no move to hinder Adair. They remained intent on their self appointed opponents. \"We're ready.\" For reasons only those who have been in love can understand, Rose's eyes were filled with tears as she placed her hand on the side of her Knight's face. \"I'm ready.\" He assured her. She nodded and kissed him tenderly. Then she stepped behind him. As he turned to face Dawn and Star, she waved the rose in her hand. Three red petals fell from its blossom and alighted on Thorn's shoulder. The moment they touched him, they began to glow. The Knight of the Hidden Thorn fell to his knees and roared fiercer than any monster. Before Adair's eyes he began to change. His body grew and dark fur sprouted from his skin, covering him until he was unrecognizable. Horns sprouted from the crown of his head, and fangs and claws grew where there had been none. The Knight now stood tall enough to brush the ivory ceiling above them. Without warning he lunged Dawn and Star. As they battled, it was plain to see that his strength and speed was even greater than theirs, and his ferocity was unmatched. In spite of his bestial nature, Adair found herself entranced by the primal beauty of the way he fought until Rose called her back to her senses. \"Go!\" The Lady shrieked with tears streaming down her face. \"Go now and end this!\" Without waiting to be told again, Adair dashed into the council chamber, hoping to beat Fay to the Ivory Garden where she was sure to find her. Jason, Atreyu, Deisha, and their two Eldest companions were faced with untold difficulty reaching the terrace where Thoth's construct was still climbing. Aside from fighting past every demon that had reached that point, the explosions from all the chaotic magic that was being hurled between the two sides rocked the entire tower. More than once they had to leap out of the way of falling debris, or catch the balance from the unrelenting tremors. Together they hurtled over rubble and other obstacles. Their greatest challenge was when they at last reached the sections of the tower Thoth was actually climbing. The branch-like tendrils that had latched onto the tower wall had broken through the walls themselves. \"Look out!\" Deisha cried as she used the pole of her spear to sweep Jason's legs out from under him. Ducking for cover herself, she barely avoided being hit as the machine's tentacle tore through the wall they had been running alongside. They rolled to the side to avoid being crushed by its weight. Getting back to their feet, they could see that the long thorny branch was far thicker than they had imagined. It took up almost the entire passageway. The thorns along its length were now as long as a man's arm. \"This thing is huge.\" Jason said. Atreyu nodded. \"I'm not looking forward to seeing what it's attached to.\" \"Well it's now or never.\" Jason motioned them to follow and they dashed to the edge of the balcony. From here they saw it climbing higher and higher. It's blazing eyes were staring up at them and its flaming maw was open as if waiting for them to jump in. Jason gripped the hilt of his sword ever tighter. \"Lucky blade don't fail me now.\" He addressed the others. \"We wait for only a second more, then we get a running start. Should land right on it.\" \"Are you nuts?\" Deisha shouted. Atreyu shook his head. \"It's not as hard as it sounds.\" \"Wait for it...\" Jason held his hand up, waiting for the monstrosity to get just a little higher. It pulled itself another few floors up along the outside. \"Wait for it...\" It latched its tentacles onto a higher point and pulled again. \"Wait for it...\" When it released its hold and readied to reach higher, Jason jumped back. \"Now!\" The five of them dashed forward and leaped from the edge. With movement that had come with practice on the part of Jason and Atreyu, they landed on their feet, then transferred their weight to roll and absorb the impact of the fall. Deisha's landing was not executed as well. She ended up on her side, but managed to escape unharmed. The Lady of the Unfailing and the Knight of the Unyielding landed easily. Once they had regrouped, their weapons were unsheathed. Suddenly, the construct stopped its advance. With a great hissing, and a cloud of steam, the head rolled backwards, opening with a deafening screech. A pod emerged and at its controls, Thoth smiled at them. \"Well this is unexpected. Tell me, where is our dear Miss Artemis? I thought she would be with you. Well no matter. I'll have plenty of time for her later. I had so hoped you would be here Jason old boy. How are you and my little beauty getting along?\" Thoth eyed Jason's blade critically. \"My, you seem to have grown together. Have you discovered some kind of hidden power? Can't wait to put it to the test. As you can see, the odds are quite stacked against you here. Should give you plenty of room to make a miracle. How about it old boy? Ladies, gentleman, feel free to join in the fun. The more the merrier.\" With a pull of the levers, the pod rose from the cavity in the machine's neck. Eight vines as thick around as a man sprouted from its sides and lifted it out. Thorns jutted all along their length. They swayed back and forth like whips, and some even had cruel blunt ends designed to smash enemies to pieces. Others had tools like drills and spinning buzz-saws secured to their ends. Jason motioned to the Lady of the Unfailing and the Knight of the Unyielding. \"There's your entrance. Get in there and do your thing.\" \"It might take us a while to find the engine.\" The Knight of the Unyielding admitted. \"He probably has lots of demons guarding the inside.\" \"Don't worry. We'll keep him busy. Wait for him to attack, then break for the entrance.\" Thoth's attack came swiftly. At the pod's base were levels of rotating spiked disks that spun so rapidly it allowed him to glide along the surface of the construct. The vines whipped back and forth, trying to catch them in their grip or smash them with their ends. Jason, Atreyu and Deisha ran alongside it, leaping out of the way of its strikes, deflecting them with their weapons. But Thoth was moving too fast for them to get near. The Knight of the Unyielding and the Lady of the Unfailing used the opportunity to leap into the entrance. As Jason ducked underneath one of the vines, he swung his lucky blade upward and sliced it off at the middle. To his dismay the appendage merely grew back. \"Fay is going to be quite upset she missed this one. You see, this handsome little number is made from pieces of the Forest of Thorns.\" Thoth lectured as though he were teaching a class. \"Which as you know is made from fear and regret. And fear is the opposite of the hope your sword runs off m'dear Jason. So do put up a good fight and give me plenty of data for her. This is going to be fascinating.\" Frigid winds were swirling all around the Ivory Garden and dark clouds had begun to gather around it, blotting out the stars of the night sky. It was eerily quiet, the billowing wind being the only sound. The Magnolia Pavilion stood closed. No light shone from between its ivory petals like it did on Adair's first visit. Everything about this place seemed less than it had been. The trees and flowers carved from ivory seemed to droop with sadness or exhaustion. The ivory animals had their heads lowered mournfully. Just as a head of dark hair came into view around the trunk of an ivory tree, a blast of gold and purple light shot straight for her at blinding speed. With the palm of her porcelain white hand, Fay deflected the attack. It exploded against one of the other trees, shattering it to smithereens. The Witch turned her icy blue eyes on Adair who stood with her glowing hands outstretched. \"You still can't hit me as long as anger fuels your strikes.\" Fay said flatly. Now that it was only the two of them, Adair could take a closer look at the white thigh-length dress she was wearing and take in its meaning, a meaning that only infuriated her further. Anyone who had ever been fortunate enough to come face to face with the Childlike Empress would have understood the despicable intentions Fay had when she paraded here in the ivory garden, wearing a dress of pure white lace with floral patterns outlined over it. Here at the center of the center of all Fantasia stood a usurper. \"That thing on your back.\" Adair growled. \"Give it to me.\" Fay shook her head slightly, not even moved by the venom in the girl's voice. \"No.\" This confirmed her suspicion that it was important to their plans. \"What is it?\" she demanded. \"It's the key to the Nightmare King's ending. You want it, you'll have to do better than anger. You'll have to hit me with the Strongest Magic.\" Adair shrieked and hurled another blast of light at her. Fay tossed it to the side with ease, taking another piece of the ivory garden with it. \"You're stronger than last time. You've found it, I know you have. Show me what it can do.\" \"I am not your lab rat!\" She threw another force of magic. This time Fay vanished before it could touch her. She was nowhere to be found. \"You want it, you'll have to come and get it.\" Fay's voice seemed to be echoing from all directions. Adair's eyes darted from side to side. She turned frantically in an attempt to locate her. \"The angrier and more frightened you get...\" Adair screamed as a fierce burning struck her in the back so hard it knocked her to her knees. \"The stronger my spells become.\" Grinding her teeth against the pain from the shock waves Fay had just sent into her, Adair struggled to her feet. She flung her hands to her sides, calling her power back into her fingertips. \"This is mine. This is my anger, my heart, and you don't get to use it against me.\" The clouds around the tower grew darker and thunder began to roll across the sky. Lightning rained down on the ivory garden, shattering trees and plants and animals alike. Each time Fay's hiding place was discovered, she would vanish again. \"How does it feel to be the one running for once Fay?\" Within the tower, The Lady of the Waking Dream stood proud and tall, even as a cadre of demons closed in on her. She had not tried to run from where Jason and the others had left her. She looked her attackers in the eye as they closed in on her. Just as they were about to leap, a flash of light consumed them. They fell to the ground cleaved in half, as though the light had cut them in two. Their twisted bodies that could not bleed vanished in clouds of smoke. When the smoke cleared, the Knight of Awakening ran to his Lady's side, sheathing his magnificent sword and kissing her gently. \"I got here as quickly as I could my love. Are you alright?\" \"I'm alright.\" Behind him came the Knight of Heaven's Charm astride his white horse with the Lady of Heaven's Grace riding side-saddle behind him. The Lady of the Midnight Hour came after them leaning on the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise. \"That was very brave of you Lady, letting your Knight venture into the forest to rescue us.\" \"I only did what needed to be done.\" She answered stoically. \"Where are Adair and the others?\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace asked. \"Adair went on alone to the Ivory Garden to face the one called Fay. The others are fighting the monster climbing the tower. I sent the little ones with them. But we need to get to the lower levels and gather our forces in one place.\" \"Why is that?\" The Lady of the Waking Dream looked very grave. \"Because I felt the Lady of Two Worlds and the Knight of the Other Side heading down there.\" The Lady of the Midnight Hour seemed to find her strength then. Her eyes were wide. \"Do they mean to use the last resort?\" \"I'm afraid so.\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm rounded his horse to speak to the Lady of the Midnight Hour and the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise. \"You two need to get to the catacombs and evacuate the ones hiding down there. Lady, use as much of your power as you can to make sure you make it in time. The rest of us will round up our troops.\" \"What about Adair and the others?\" \"This is their fight now. As far as the Seekers, I'm afraid they're on their own. Lady of the Waking Dream, We'll need you to send out the signal.\" The Lady nodded, knowing what she had to do. Her Knight took his place behind her, taking her gently in his arms to support her as she closed her eyes. All around the outside of the tower came great flashes of light. It was as if six burning stars had descended from the heavens in a circle and alighted upon the walls of the tower. In the sky, the light disoriented the flying demons under Twinfang's command. Hysbald seized the chance to flip another switch on his chair. A length of rope with two shot-puts secured to its ends spun through the air and wrapped around Twinfang, hurling him backward before he had a chance to regain his balance. He cried out with his two voices as he fell to the ground, never to be heard from in Fantasia again. Far below on the raging battleground, all the Fantasians still fighting the demons saw it. Hykrion looked up with dismay. \"Is that what I think it is?\" Bahzha frowned. \"They're putting up the signal. We need to retreat and gather in one place.\" \"With all these demons at our heels? We'll be sitting ducks!\" \"And what would you suggest? Our time is limited and we'll need to meet up with Lady of Heaven's Grace quickly.\" \"We'll need to give a massive push back. Make them recoil to give us more time.\" Bahzha nodded and called out commands to all the troops under his command. \"You all know what those lights mean! We only have a few minutes to send a message to these fiends before we retreat! Let go of everything you've been holding back!\" By this point, the Fantasians who had been fighting the dark army had grown weary from battle. Many had already fallen. But the lights above them seemed to have renewed some of their vigor. What was more, the demons were shrinking back from it, as though they couldn't stand the light's gleam. With renewed ferocity the Ivory Tower's army began to push the darkness back in waves. In the sky, Nag had turned a mass of Ygramul's body into a great black claw that shot through the sky and gripped Falkor by the neck. The luckdragon squirmed in its grasp until Iole's fiery breath burned away the arm that held him. They flew alongside each other while the other luckdragons kept Nag busy. \"Iole, this might be a good time to test your luck.\" \"I don't believe in luck Falkor!\" The white dragon shot back. \"I've never been lucky.\" \"Then you're due!\" \"It hasn't been helping us so far!\" \"Because you aren't giving it a chance! Now stop being stubborn and show a little faith! It's going to take a big miracle for this to work.\" Begrudgingly, Iole flew above him and shrunk in size back to her elven form. She landed on his back. \"This had better work. NOW!\" With a great heave, Falkor bucked her from his back and rocketed her forward into the great black and blue mass of beetles. She kept her body straight and her arms forward, spinning like a missile. Distracted by the other four luckdragons, Nag never saw her coming. She flew straight and true through the cloud of insects, piercing its glowing red heart. With the force of a battering ram she collided with Nag, grappling her arms around it and forcing it out. They fell together, Nag shrieking in terror and trying to throw her off. The insects abandoned the fight and flew as one long black column after them. With bestial fists they pummeled and scratched each other. Hardening scales over her hand, Iole thrust her fist into Nag's stomach. Nag coughed forcefully as all the air was knocked from its lungs. And with it came the red queen beetle. Iole caught it easily in her hand. \"No don't! Don't do that!\" Nag squealed. Paying it no heed, Iole clenched her fist, crushing the red beetle to paste and putting an end to Ygramul the Many. With no queen to hold it together, the swarm that had once been Ygramul fled in panic. Those that weren't burned by the luckdragons scattered to the wind. Though they would never be whole again, those beetles would find new places in Fantasia and new ways to cause misfortune in years to come. But that is another story and shall be told another time. Nag screamed as they continued to fall. Not releasing her hold, Iole changed back, growing into the White Dragon once more. \"You will not eat me White Dragon!\" Nag shrieked. \"Not again!\" Though it was now in Iole's grasp, they had fallen a great distance and were very near the Forest of Thorns. Nag squirmed in her grip and pulled one of its tattooed arms free. It stretched its claws toward the forest. The trees and thorns responded to its call. A great twisted column of thorn branches shot up from the ground. It struck the dragon in her soft underbelly, the one place not so armored by scales. The shock of the blow forced her to release Nag who fell cackling into the forest's waiting branches. Iole fell from the sky, her pain forcing her back into her other form. She would have fallen had Falkor not snatched her out of the air. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm fine.\" She wheezed. \"Luck must have really been on my side that time.\" She smiled. \"It decided you needed a break.\" Falkor winked. \"I knew you were due.\" On the tower walls, Jason, Atreyu, and Deisha were still evading Thoth's attack. It was growing more difficult. With each strike his machine was gaining in speed. Once, Atreyu had even been caught up in the grasp of the vines. Thoth had tried to squeeze the life out of him before he had managed to cut himself free. Jason knew they were running out of time and wondered how much longer their luck would hold out. The lights surrounding the tower appeared, and just as they did there was a mighty crash that shook the entire construct they were standing on. The Lady of the Unfailing and the Knight of the Unyielding reemerged from the machine's interior. \"We found it!\" They both cried in sing-song voices as a column of smoke rose from the back of the machine. The entire rigging began to teeter precariously. Thoth rounded on the two children in fury. \"Why you miniscule saboteurs!\" The pod spun for them, stretching all of its extremities for them. Atreyu and Jason dashed in front of it, swinging their blades in front of them and lopping each one off before it could reach the two children. Thoth shouted with fury as he configured the device to grow the vines back. \"Jason!\" Deisha called, lifting her spear. \"Hit me!\" Jason swung his lucky sword and clanged it against her spear. Deisha hefted it and threw it straight for the rotating base of Thoth's pod. It wedged itself between the rotating disks, effectively jamming them. The machine began to sizzle and smoke rose from its openings. Sparks flew where the spear was still wedged. Thoth frowned. \"Well this is less than ideal.\" With a sigh of defeat, he flipped the end of one of the levers open, revealing a small red button. Ramming his thumb down on it, the control seat ejected like a rocket. A pair of wings opened and the Witch with glasses escaped into the night sky. The others left on the machine had more to worry about than their fleeing adversary, for now the construct had detached itself from the tower and was falling apart. \"Atreyu!\" They heard Falkor and saw him and the other Luckdragons flying towards them. Joining hands, the five companions ran for the edge of the machine and took a great leap of faith. The luckdragon had no difficulty catching them. Iole was on Falkor's back as well. \"What happened to you?\" Jason asked. \"Nag threw a cheap shot at me. How did things go on your end?\" \"Thoth got away.\" He grimaced. \"And where's Adair?\" Atreyu pointed towards the magnolia pavilion where a fierce thunderstorm and great flashes of magic had been happening for quite some time now. \"She went after Fay.\" \"I see. And those flashing lights?\" \"The last resort.\" Jason replied. \"Can you go down there and help them?\" \"I'll try. What about you?\" \"We need to reach Adair. Falkor, you can get us there.\" Atreyu said adamantly. \"Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?\" Jason eyed her injury. \"That looks too nasty for an old lady like you to fight. I think the three of us and Falkor will be enough.\" \"What about us?\" The Knight of the Unyielding asked. \"The other Eldest are going to need all the help they can get rounding everybody together.\" Jason explained. \"Don't worry, we can handle this one. It's just Fay.\" \"Don't underestimate her.\" Iole warned. \"She may not look like much,but in truth she's the worst of the three. Remember what I taught you about fighting with a clear head. Any less and you're dead.\" Jason gave her a two fingered salute. \"Got it Sensei.\" The remains of the Ivory Tower's army had fallen back to the highest level they could. They'd made it about halfway to the top of the tower itself when the Eldest had rejoined them. The Lady of Heaven's Grace had instructed them all to get behind her. They had each fought bravely. Many heroes had joined them in this battle. Other Fantasians not so heroic had also taken up the cause. Even those who had once been dark creatures had fought to defend the tower from the demon invasion. Each had seen the battle in their own way and given what they could to protect what they loved. Even now we have only told a fraction of what happened that night, for a full account of the battle would take far too long than this chapter of our story has time for. Stories would be told about their bravery for ages to come. Though they had been gravely outnumbered at least ten to one, their hearts had been in the fight completely, for they fought for what was right and not for themselves. Had the battle continued, they surely would have prevailed in time. But now it was time for them to fall back for the last resort. It was a plan that none of them had wished would come to pass, but when the Circle of the Night had summoned the Forest of Thorns itself to cover their army, there had been but one option left to them, or they would have lost the tower altogether. In the lower levels of the tower, standing alone were the red haired Lady of Two Worlds, and the Knight of the Other Side. A tear rolled down the lady's cheek as she prepared to do what needed to be done. He placed his hand over hers reassuringly. \"It has to be done.\" \"Did those beneath manage to escape?\" She asked mournfully. \"The Lady of the Waking Dream just contacted me. The Lady of the Midnight Hour and the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise just led them into the outer valley. They'll be safe. It's time.\" She nodded again, then waiting no longer she began to sing. Her voice was unmatched for beauty in Fantasia, and all in the tower could hear it. Even the Creatures of Darkness took pause in their advance, and the demons hissed and gnashed their teeth as though the beautiful melody hurt them. But this song that all Fantasia could here was not the last resort they had spoken of. It was her means of calling it. For those who know or have guessed the Lady and the Knight's story, they might also know why she is called the Lady of Two Worlds. For she had indeed crossed a threshold once in her youth. She had been a daughter of the sea, and after finding the one she loved. through much tribulation had managed to find a way to join him on land. But the sea was still her domain and would respond to her call. A great rumbling shook the tower such as there had not been in ages past. Only Moon Child herself could recall a time when the tower had been shaken so. From the depths beneath the tower, the water began to rise. With tremendous force it began to push its way up and out, shattering the cobblestone streets, leveling homes, shops, places where Fantasians had played and danced and argued, even the ballroom where they had all danced and celebrated at the beginning of this night that now seemed to have grown so very long. As the Fantasians watched the sea coming to claim the beloved tower they had fought so hard to protect, many of them mourned its loss. In their hearts they knew it would be better than to let the demons claim it, but that did not make it any easier to bear. The water rose over the battlements and crowned at last before crashing down in a wave that swept over the tower with such force that all that stood in its way was leveled. Thanks to the medallions enchanted with Ygramul's venom many of the Creatures of Darkness escaped outside where they could regroup, but the demons under their command had no such help. Each and every one of the soulless monsters encroaching on the Ivory Tower were caught up in the ocean's wake, crushed under its waves along with the region of the Forest of Thorns that had entered its walls. Then as quickly as it had come, the water receded, leaving nothing but rubble and sand behind. Saddened though they were by the sacrifice, the Fantasians cheered to see the army of darkness driven back. But the Eldest were not cheering. They were all watching the Lady of the Waking Dream who still had her mind trained on the movements of their foe. \"They're just... waiting out there. I don't know what they're waiting for. They won't attack again, but I fear there's something we're not seeing.\" \"I don't like it.\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm admitted. \"If they wanted, the Circle of the Night could call enough demons back to retake the tower just as quickly. So what are they waiting for?\" The answer to his question came. The Lady of the Waking Dream seized her head and moaned from the strain this was putting on her. \"The Nightmare King...\" She rasped. \"Volrac... He draws near.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace turned her gaze skyward toward the Magnolia Pavilion where a great storm continued to rage on. \"Adair.\" The battle was not over yet. There was no longer any place for Fay to hide. Adair's power had all but demolished the Ivory Garden. She backed away from Adair who was driving her back further and further towards the edge, toward the Magnolia Pavilion itself. The two had been locked in a battle of magic, with Adair blasting the Witch with everything she had while Fay had deflected it back. It had been even at the start, but Adair was driving her back now. \"Are you happy now?\" Adair shouted. \"I've found the Strongest Magic, and it's made me stronger than you! I love Fantasia and everything in it, and I will do everything in my power to protect it from you! Now you're the one who's running!\" \"But you're wrong.\" Fay replied coolly, collected even in the face of such an overwhelming adversary. \"The Strongest Magic cannot be yours until you stop running.\" \"I'm not running from anything! I just told you!\" \"Then why have you kept the ring?\" Fay shot back. It was a question Adair did not have a ready answer to. She had been through so much that it had made no sense for her to keep the ring these hateful Witches had given her. It brought on a hesitation, a moment of weakness that Fay seized at once. With a blast of Adair's own stolen magic, Fay sent a wave of energy at her that threw her into the air and knocked her flat on her back. \"So disappointing.\" Fay shook her head, advancing on the girl, her hand glowing icy blue and shadowy violet. \"Here at the end, your magic has grown so strong. But still not strong enough.\" The cold hearted girl leveled her spell at Adair's head. \"Oh well.\" she sighed. \"Onto the next experiment.\" A wave of blue fire blazed across the Ivory Garden then, but it was not Fay's magic. Fay needed to leap back to avoid it, for it was Falkor's breath as he arrived at the height of the tower with Jason, Atreyu, and Deisha on his back. As he landed, the three of them leaped from his back and raced to the pair. Atreyu made it there first and helped Adair to her feet. She threw her arms around him the moment their eyes met. Then the four of them stood side by side with Falkor looming behind them, each one pinning Fay with their gaze. \"It's over Fay.\" Atreyu spat. \"Your army's been driven back, and your allies have left you here alone with us. You're outnumbered and outmatched no matter what kind of magic you wield against us. You've lost.\" Fay lowered her hands and the glow around them extinguished. \"You're correct. I dare not go against the Strongest Magic. I can see it's touched each of you in some form or another. And you've all learned some of the many forms it can take. Some of those forms weaker than others.\" She turned her gaze on one of them. \"Right Jason?\" Jason narrowed his eyes at her. \"Stop talking. I'm sick of your lies.\" \"What lie have I told? Would it be a lie to say that your best friend shattered your heart tonight into a thousand tiny pieces? That things would have been better for you if Atreyu had never come into the picture?\" Deisha's gaze shifted anxiously between them. \"What's she talking about?\" \"Nothing.\" Jason growled. \"Would nothing drive you to beg Iole to return you to your home world?\" Fay asked in her flat level tone. \"Why don't you just tell them how your heart fragmented after Adair tossed it away when she kissed Atreyu? When she chose to stay here with him.\" Jason could feel his fingers tightening around the hilt of his blade. He really wanted to shut this Witch up. The others noticed his building rage as well. \"Jason,\" Atreyu cautioned. \"Shut up. I'm fine.\" Jason hissed. \"Jason remember what Iole said. She's just trying to get to you.\" \"I KNOW THAT!\" He shouted and at the same time swung his blade straight for Atreyu. In the moment he had lost control of his anger, Fay had exploited the crack in his heart and weaved a spell over him. His anger was now in complete control and just as the Witch had planned, he was directing it at Atreyu. The other boy managed to jump back just in time, but Jason came at him again, forcing him to block with his own sword. \"Jason stop it!\" Adair cried. Falkor tried to come between them, but before he could, Fay released another spell, the piece of the Forest of Thorns she had brought with her. Black thorn covered vines burst from the ground at the luckdragon's feet and bound him down tightly, cutting into his flesh. He roared and howled trying to get free, but it wasn't working. The vines only pulled tighter. \"Falkor!\" Adair reached for him, but nothing happened. \"My magic's not working!\" \"Because your fear is feeding mine.\" Fay stated. \"There's nothing you can do now.\" She tried again, this time aiming to use her power to pull Jason's sword from his grasp. The sword merely glowed red and trembled slightly, resisting her pull. Then nothing. She rounded on Fay and sent a powerful spell rolling towards her. It hit a wall of ethereal blue light that appeared around her. It was slick like ice. The spell bounced off the wall and nearly came back at her and Deisha. \"Look out!\" The Plains girl shoved Adair to the ground and let the magic go sailing over their heads. \"This is the wall of ice that shaman spoke of. Your fear has shielded your heart for ten years Adair. Now it protects me. Now if you'll excuse me,\" At last she unstrapped the cylinder from her back and held it in her hand. \"I have some work to do.\" Deisha got to her feet and with a howl of fury she charged the magical wall with her spear. She could not have imagined the strength of the shield Fay had created out of fear Adair had nurtured for ten years. When her spear struck, its own force came back on her ten fold. Deisha flew back like a rag doll. She flew all the way to the edge of the Ivory Garden and rolled along the ground. She flailed helplessly, losing her spear and clung for dear life to the edge that she now dangled from. \"Deisha!\" Adair ran to her. It did not occur to her to use her powers to carry her friend back from danger. Fay's spell had taken complete control and turned her own fear against her. Her powers were no longer working. With nothing but her own strength she reached over the edge and took hold of Deisha's wrist. Both of them strained to hold tight and it was all they could do just to keep Deisha from falling to her death. \"Jason stop this!\" Atreyu cried, keeping Jason's berserk strikes at bay, but only barely. The boy's fury made him leagues stronger, and more reckless, and Atreyu did not want to hurt him. \"Jason I'm sorry! We were going to tell you!\" \"Shut up! You ruined everything!\" Jason roared in a voice that was so twisted with hate Atreyu could not believe it was truly his. \"You can't protect her like I can! You can't protect anything! Fantasia, your friends, You couldn't even protect Bastian! You'll fail her just like you failed him!\" Had he been in his right mind, Jason would never have said these things to Atreyu. But he was not in his right mind. Anger had taken him completely and all he could think of was making Atreyu hurt. And hurt he did. This was also in the Witch's plan. Atreyu swung his own sword, and this time it matched Jason's in ferocity. The boy spoke in a low dark voice. \"Don't say that again.\" He lifted his dark eyes that were now twisted with as much hate as Jason's. \"Don't you EVER SAY THAT AGAIN!\" And now they were fighting with all their strength, fully intending to destroy each other. With the last of her foes incapacitated, Fay allowed herself the smallest ghost of a grin. Her heart had long ago become so deadened that now only cruelty of this level could make her smile. She returned to the task at hand. Under her breath she began to mutter a curse. As she uttered this foul incantation, the cylinder in her hand began to glow. An array of runic scribblings appeared all over its surface and began to slide over its surface. \"Adair! I'm slipping!\" \"Don't let go!\" Adair shouted. \"I'll get you back up! Don't you dare let go!\" But the strength of the girl's hand was not enough to hold her. No matter how she tried, Deisha's hand slipped from her grasp. Falkor ceased his struggling. The vines were choking the life out of him. His eyes fought to stay open, and then fell closed. Jason and Atreyu fought like savages. The clang of their swords echoed loud enough to be heard for miles around. They knocked one another back two steps, then rushed forward, their blades pointed for each other's hearts. Then as quickly as one would turn the page of a story, it was quiet. A raging tempest on one page, calm waters on the next. That was how quickly the silence fell. As it's been said, fairies are remarkable creatures in Fantasia, able to find the most secret of pathways and appear here and there in the twinkling of an eye. But what many don't know is that the oldest and wisest of fairies can even see the wrinkles in time. They can travel through these rifts, but at a great personal cost. One such fairy had done just that and frozen everyone in the Ivory Garden: Jason, Atreyu, Falkor, Adair, Deisha, even Fay. She floated through the grounds and rested her little fingers on Adair who began to move again. A calm fell over Adair who found that this time when she reached for Deisha's hand, she could pull her back up. Deisha began to move as well, and when she found herself back on solid ground, she hugged her friend tightly. Adair turned to see their rescuer had already floated to Falkor and touched the vines that held him. They snapped open at once and Falkor filled his lungs with air most gratefully. Last the little fairy floated to Jason and Atreyu, resting her tiny weary fingers on them both. An angry red light that had been surrounding them unseen weakened and flickered out. When they could move again they found themselves tired, yet somehow relieved. This last act done, the little fairy floated on tired faded wings back toward Adair. She went as far as she could, finally coming to rest on the ground at Adair's feet. She looked up at her with her tiny chestnut eyes. Her autumn leaf dress was withered and her once brown hair had turned gray. Her wings had lost their color and her face was so pale Adair could barely recognize her. Adair's voice quivered. \"Oc... Octavia?\" The little fairy nodded with a sad smile. She spoke slowly between long tired breaths. \"We... don't have... much... time. That was... the last... of my... strength. I'll... fade... away... soon.\" They gathered around her and Adair lifted her small exhausted body up in her hands. Her eyes filled with tears as she could feel their little friend's strength ebbing away from her. \"Octavia why? Why did you do that?\" \"That's... a silly... question, Adair. You were... always... asking... silly... questions.\" Adair shook her head. \"There has to be something I can do. I can't let you just go like this.\" She couldn't bring herself to say the word die. She felt she would go with her fairy friend if she did. \"What can I do? Tell me what to do.\" \"You can... remember me... please... remember. I've waited... so long... for you... to remember me.\" At first Adair didn't know what she meant, then something flashed into her mind. An image of the woods she had long since barred from her memory. The woods she had played in, she had not played in alone. She remembered a face in the trees that she would chase and try to find, one that would fly around her head and grant her wishes when no one was looking. One who had told a very young Adair she could barely remember that she was princess of all the forest. \"I do remember you. I used to imagine I saw you in those woods. You're the reason I played there so often.\" \"After... it happened... you stopped coming... I've waited here... in Fantasia... all this time... for you... to remember me... When you run... from the bad... in your past... you shut out... the good... too.\" \"I didn't mean to shut you out. Octavia please don't go. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.\" \"It's... alright... The ones... we love... never really... leave. They're just... not here... right now. They wanted me... to tell you... that. I... love... you...Adair.\" She smiled at Adair that sweet sweet smile that she would never again forget as long as she lived. Then she closed her eyes, and Adair was holding nothing but a handful of dried autumn leaves. The others could say nothing. They could only watch Adair as she got to her feet. With Octavia's passing they could feel time speeding up again. Adair rose slowly to face Fay. Her eyes were filled with tears, but they were angry. Angry because she had lost someone very dear to her, and angry because she knew Fay had watched the whole thing. She knew this because Fay was watching her with that curious gaze, waiting to see what she would do. This was all a curiosity to her, a great game. Well if it was a game, now Adair was going to make sure it was one she would lose, and lose hard. The first rays of morning were at last starting to shine over the horizon and chase the night sky away. Adair felt herself filling with more power than she had ever felt before. The wind began to blow again. It surrounded Adair and whirled so fiercely it lifted her off the ground. But it was under her control. The others watched her and gasped as now even her eyes began to glow. Her right eye glowed light gold while her left became overshadowed by a metallic silver gleam just like the snakes of AURYN. They weren't the only ones who could see it either. All the Fantasian's below them, the Eldest, the Ivory Tower's army, even the Creatures of Darkness could see the silver and gold light streaming from Adair's being. Some who watched even claimed that Moon Child herself had manifested to fight for them. \"Seeker of Love.\" Adair's voice boomed, and there was not one voice but two. \"The evil of your kind has poisoned Fantasia, destroyed many of its most beautiful dreams and stories, and now you have taken one of its most precious little ones. Now you will pay for every bit of poison you have brought!\" Building her power, Adair shot a column of silver and gold light at her enemy. This time, it completely shattered the wall of magic ice around her. Fay slammed against the Magnolia Pavilion itself and fell to the ground in a heap. The black cylinder flew from her grasp. It clattered to the ground and came to rest on the ivory floor between them. Fay mustered what strength she could to crawl on her hands and knees toward it. Adair's attack had been powerful. Another one would surely be the end of her. Her fingers were inches away from it when a gleaming iron boot came to rest on top of it. \"That's quite enough of that.\" came a boisterous that they all recognized. In gleaming silver armor caked with dirt and blood, General Heremoor reached down and retrieved the black cylinder. Seeing their friend alive and well was enough to bolster all of their spirits even after so sad a happening. Adair felt her senses returning to her after being overwhelmed by her power. Slowly she returned to the ground. \"General Heremoor!\" Jason was the first to reach him. \"General! You're alive! We were told you were dead! Am I glad to see you! Check it out, we've saved the tower! You're just in time for the victory party!\" The General smiled and rested his hand on Jason's shoulder. \"You've all done me proud my boy. But Fantasia is not quite saved yet.\" Then Heremoor's smile faded and a sadness touched his emerald green eyes. \"There is nothing that I won't do for Fantasia.\" Then all of their joy turned to horror as they watched the General stab four long black claws through Jason's stomach. Jason coughed and sputtered as hot blood ran down his front and over his fingers where he held his wound. \"JASON!\" Adair cried and ran to him. Atreyu and Deisha rushed to his side with her. \"Jason come on. You're alright. You're going to be alright.\" Deisha snarled at Heremoor who was still standing over them. \"You monster!\" Heremoor ignored them and stepped to face Fay. \"How typical of you to get caught up in your play.\" He spat in a darkly. \"As usual I have to do everything myself.\" Atreyu was on his feet with his sword drawn, standing protectively in front of Jason and the girls. Falkor growled threateningly. \"General, what have you done?\" Heremoor turned slowly and met eyes with Atreyu. This time his emerald green eyes were glowing fiery greenish yellow. \"I have done what I've always done. I have protected Fantasia. And I will continue to do so no matter who stands in my way.\" Then face of the general changed into something grotesque. His long golden hair darkened to black and his face sprouted short dark fur. Over his mouth grew the snout and fangs of a wolf. Even his armor turned black as coal. Volrac, the Nightmare King had shown himself at last. Closing his vice like grip over the black wooden cylinder in his hand, he smashed the container and revealed the horror within. Atreyu gasped when he saw what Fay had risked so much to bring into the tower. In his hand, Volrac held a longsword with a blade so dark it looked as though the sunlight was afraid to touch it. \"And I will do it without the likes of them. You know what this is Atreyu. It is Sikanda, the ultimate symbol of the cruelty of their kind, the cruelty of humans! And now it will serve as my key to sever our ties with them and the Childlike Empress once and for all!\"[Chapter 21] A/N: So here is the newly edited Chapter 20. Sorry I was so hasty in uploading the last version. This chapter was just really emotionally draining to write. I don't know if that speaks for the content or if I'm just a little drained because I'm coming so close to the ending. Anyway, enjoy the read. Chapter 20: Breaking to Save Traveling across the sky, slowly over the fields of Fantasia went the withered dried leaf. The wind carried it over the infinite garden to the Valley of Rain, over Singing Tree Country, and the Swamps of Sadness until finally it drifted over the Ocean of Secrets into the darkness of Spook City. The Dark Princess sat solemnly on her throne, alone and melancholy in her palace. The leaf drifted soundlessly through the throne room and at long last ended its lonely journey on the tip of Gaya's glass finger. The princess held it in front of her hollow dark eyes. \"I remember you.\" She told the leaf sadly. \"It's been a long road for you hasn't it? But you've done well.\" The leaf crumbled and became a new broken shard. The Dark Princess gathered it gently in her hand and let the rest of the broken dreams that made up her body absorb it. \"You can rest here now little messenger. I will watch over you until you wake.\" Octavia stayed with Gaya for a very long time, drifting in endless sleep among a sea of other lost and forgotten dreams. But she would not stay there forever. There are many ways into Fantasia, and one day a human would find one in the very woods Adair had once played in with Octavia. When they did, they would be given a very special destiny that would free Octavia and many other dreams from Gaya's curse. But that is another story and shall be told another time. For now let us return to Adair and her friends who were at that moment still in the Ivory Garden where they had been met with a heart rending truth. With Fay at his side, Volrac lifted the black blade Sikanda, letting them take in its sight. \"The battle seems to have ceased below us.\" As the Nightmare King spoke, his face slowly changed back into the face of General Heremoor. \"Good. I want them all to witness this. I want them to see what their faith in the humans has brought.\" \"Stop this!\" Adair cried with indignation. She was on the ground beside Jason who lay his head in her lap. Blood was still spilling from the wound in his chest. \"You don't deserve to wear our friend's face!\" Heremoor lowered his gaze to her. \"But this is my face.\" \"No! You're Volrac! General Heremoor was a great man that you killed!\" \"If only that were true.\" The General replied sadly. \"How I have longed for death in glorious battle when faced with what I have set out to do. But as I told you before Adair, there is nothing I would not do for Fantasia. I am Volrac, and Volrac is me. He is my shadow. It was an illusion of myself that I slew on the battlefield. I believed it would weaken your resolve to fight. My standing here now proves that I was right. So weak is the will of humans.\" He shook his head. \"You know, for a moment I hoped it were true Adair, that you could save Fantasia. If only more of your kind were like you, there would have been hope for our worlds. But alas, this is how it must be. I will save Fantasia. But first I must break it.\" The General turned sharply away from them to face the Magnolia Pavilion, swinging Sikanda in front of him. \"No!\" Atreyu cried in despair. Too late. A wave of darkness shot from the path of the blade. In times past, not even the darkest magic in Fantasia could have penetrated the Magnolia Pavilion. But the power of the Childlike Empress had grown too weak to withstand it now. The Magnolia Pavilion was blown apart by Sikanda's power. It fell to rubble. In the center of the wreckage she was there just as when Adair had seen her. She remained asleep, encased in crystal. But this time she appeared a little more frail, a little more tired, like sickness had taken her. \"Behold!\" Heremoor cried, and his voice boomed in the sky. Everyone in the tower could hear him, and they could all see what was transpiring at the tower's peak. The clouds had cleared and the rays of dawn splashed blood red across the sky as the night ended. \"See your Empress as she's always been! Weak and helpless! Darkness unrivaled would take this tower and destroy you all, yet she does nothing! She has allowed this darkness to exist in our world for ages! And these things, these humans you so depend on, they are the cause of it! With their lies and their greed they create these monsters that poison our world!\" \"You're wrong!\" Atreyu cried. \"Adair is not like that! She's fought to save this tower from you! You who should have been helping us protect Fantasia, not tear it apart!\" \"Is that so? Then let her! Let this human with all her awesome power strike me down and end this!\" The General threw his arms open wide as if he were inviting a strike. \"But know this Adair Alicia Artemis. You have no power without AURYN. That talisman around your neck grants you the power to save or doom Fantasia at your will, but it is also the only power by which your friend can be saved.\" He pointed to Jason whose head now lay in Adair's lap. \"He has been wounded deeply, and no wish of yours can reverse death now. If you wish for him to be healed, you will have to give up all your power to him. That means the Gem as well. But then you will have no means to stop me from claiming the tower. If you truly believe me to be the great evil plaguing Fantasia, you'll let your friend die and strike me down.\" Adair held AURYN in her hand. Her eyes darted from the intertwining snakes to Jason. He said nothing. His eyes were glazed over and blood had begun to trickle from the corner of his mouth. What should I do? You've gotten me this far, tell me what I should do! The Glory was silent. This was a decision she had to make for herself. But there were so many voices ringing loudly in her head, it was one she felt she could not make. \"Don't listen to him Adair!\" Atreyu shouted. \"He's lying!\" \"Look at him Adair and listen to your human feelings.\" Heremoor spat. \"You know I am right.\" She could hear others as well. Those in the tower who were depending on her seemed to be pleading with their thoughts. Save us! Save our Empress! Use your power! Save us! Save us! SAVE US! \"Adair don't listen to him!\" Atreyu tried to reach out to her again. \"Adair!\" \"ENOUGH!\" Adair shouted so hard she felt her windpipe would crack. \"I'm done!\" The decision had been made. With a sharp tug she ripped AURYN from her neck and laid it over Jason. The wish was made, the power given up. The wound in Jason's chest began to close over and color began to return to his face. He had not the strength to speak yet. All he could do was take Adair's hand and squeeze it. Adair sighed with relief that he was alright. Then she lifted her eyes to meet Atreyu's. She thought her heart was going to break when she met his dark eyes. They were filled with hurt and betrayal. \"You see now.\" Heremoor declared smugly. \"You see now! The human is too weak to save you! Too weak to place the fate of an entire world over her human feelings! But I can! I have! I have sacrificed everything in order to save Fantasia from them! From their weakness! Their wantonness! Their selfish, bigoted, filth!\" He pointed back to where Moon Child slept inside her crystal prison. \"From this child who calls herself our empress and lets our lands be plagued with nightmares! Stand with me Fantasia, and I will do what she cannot! Stand with me and I will give you a perfect Fantasia! One where we may dream for ourselves! One free of darkness and death! Watch me now!\" He lifted Sikanda and pointed the dark blade skyward. A terrible chorus of choking cries sounded all through the land just then. The Fantasians within the tower looked out to the Infinite Garden where the cries were coming from. The Creatures of Darkness were falling to the ground one by one. The medallions they had been given with Ygramul's venom inside them had burst open. Anyone wearing one suddenly felt the poison's burn on their flesh. Heremoor had turned Ygramul's poison on his own army. Adair screamed in agony as those cries filled her ears. As the Creatures of Darkness began to fall, her heart felt like it was being cleaved in two. She realized she was experiencing what Moon Child herself was feeling. As the mirror of the Empress, she could feel Moon Child's pain at the loss of so many Fantasians, beings that were wicked and selfish, creatures who had betrayed her, yet Fantasians she had loved as her subjects all the same. Outside Fantasia, many humans lost their dreams that day. Some of them became confused people, drifting aimlessly with no clear idea of what they wanted. Others became bitter and selfish people with no color in their lives. In any event, both worlds felt the loss. Not all of the Creatures of Darkness fell to Ygramul's poison however. Some managed to get their medallions off before they could be killed. But these were quickly ambushed by the very demons they had commanded. Many were killed by the demons, and in the end very few managed to escape. Wherever they went, they did not return to plague Fantasia again at that time. Adair narrowed her tear filled eyes at Heremoor. \"How could you?\" Heremoor set his jaw. \"Did you think even for one moment that I would leave my beloved Fantasia to the likes of them? They have served their purpose, and they have been given the fate they deserve. Hear me Fantasia! You are safe now! And soon you will be safe forever, for this is the dawning of a new age!\" The general swung Sikanda and slammed it point first into the ground. A wave of black mist flooded the Ivory Garden for a moment, and then it was gone. When it cleared, Heremoor had vanished, and Fay with him. Sikanda remained, driven half its length into the ground. It did not break the ground it stood in, but rather it appeared to have melded with it. The once ivory white floor around it had darkened to slick obsidian black. Atreyu stepped forward cautiously along the newly blackened stone. He reached for Sikanda's hilt, but withdrew his fingers the moment he touched it. He waited a moment, then gathered his resolve and took it in both hands. The moment his fingers closed around it, he fell to his knees, sick to his stomach. Sikanda was part of the tower now. \"Atreyu!\" Adair ran to him and tried to help him up. He shrugged her off. He didn't even look at her. He simply turned and walked away. Deisha followed him reluctantly. Adair stared after him, unable to move. What had she done? Many long painful hours passed after the battle. Everyone who had taken part in the battle had been wounded not only in their bodies but in their hearts. They had lost friends, their tower, and they had been betrayed by those they had trusted. The knowledge that their Empress slept and had not stirred from sleep for ten years was more than they could bear. They all had healing to go through. After Atreyu had left Adair had limped after him, calling for him to return to her. He had vanished down the railway into the tower. She had lost sight of him. As she walked through the tower, she passed the wounded who were being tended by Cairon and his team of healers. She felt the eyes of everyone she passed on her. A lump swelled in her throat and heat beat down on the back of her neck. She tried not to look, but she felt all of their gazes blaming her for their loss. In truth, some of them probably did. Others, having lost friends themselves in the fight may have known what Adair had been feeling when she gave up the Gem. What they truly felt didn't matter to her because she was now her own judge and jury, and she was reading herself the riot act. She did not regret her decision to save Jason, but she did regret the consequences and heartache it had brought. If only she'd been stronger, she kept thinking over and over. Her regret carried her back over every bad decision she'd made. If she'd been stronger she would have stopped Heremoor and ended the battle. If she'd been stronger she would have seen through him at the start before he'd had a chance to cause all of this destruction. If she had just been stronger, she could have saved her parents the day Volrac had killed them and had a happy life. Her parents would have been with her, Moon Child never would have fallen into her cursed sleep, Octavia would still be alive, she never would have come to Fantasia, and she never would have had to see Atreyu look at her the way he had on the top of the tower. She knew he loved Fantasia more than his own life. Maybe that went for everyone else' too. By abandoning her task as the Empress' messenger, she had betrayed what was most precious to him. She took the long shameful walk all the way to the base of the tower, and when she could not find Atreyu, she took the same long walk all the way back. In that whole time, no one stopped her. No one talked to her. She suddenly remembered how forgotten she had always been in the human world. Now she was a cast off here too. Perhaps what she hated the most was how weak and vulnerable she now felt without AURYN's around her neck. Losing the talisman to save Jason had been like giving up a friend. After what felt like a very long time, she found herself back in the higher terraces of the tower. She had stopped looking for Atreyu and had just walked, numb to everything until she came to the council chamber. There were no seats lining its circular walls at the moment for there was no one meeting there. But she let her mind drift to the past when she had sat here, a frightened girl just beginning a journey through this strange and beautiful land. He had stood with her here, spoken for her, and listened to what she'd had to say. From the beginning, he had shown unwavering faith in her. Faith that she had betrayed here at the end of their journey. No she thought, glancing down at the hateful silver ring on her hand with its three gleaming stars over the crescent moon. She'd never been worthy of that faith he'd placed in her. From the start she'd been a coward. She knew it was too late for it to matter, but she wanted to try to fix this. She didn't know how she was going to get home, if she ever would. She didn't even know if she still wanted to. But that didn't matter. She wasn't going to betray him again, and no matter what became of her she didn't want any part of them on her. She yanked the ring off her finger and hurled it to the floor. It bounced off the marble floor and rolled to the edge of the room. Wordlessly she made her way out of the council chamber and up the walkway that led into the sky. Without her even noticing, she was back in the Ivory Garden, taking laborious steps toward what remained of the Magnolia Pavilion. She walked past where Sikanda remained embedded in the tower, trying not to look at it or the stone it had blackened. Moon Child was still asleep within the crystal that stood resolute, but it no longer hummed and it no longer forced her back as it had in the past. Her seven powers were beginning to fail. Soon they'd no longer be able to protect her in her sleep. Adair was reluctant to touch it, not because she feared it but because she worried that her very touch would defile the purity within it. She felt like the most wretched creature to have ever walked. And she was supposed to be this beautiful being's mirror? Impossible. She fell to her knees and began to cry. \"I'm sorry.\" she wept at the feet of the Empress. \"I'm so sorry.\" And she meant it. She was sorry she had allowed this curse to take her, sorry she had stopped dreaming and put her in this sleep, and sorry that she could not imagine a way to free her. She was sorry for all of it. \"I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry.\" Jason looked up and down another crowded street with Falkor lumbering along at his side. There was no sign of his friends. Not Adair, Atreyu, nor Deisha. He didn't even see anyone familiar to him like Bahzha or any of the Eldest. Everyone seemed to be walking around half dazed. Even Falkor seemed drained. Not once had he lifted off the ground since they'd left the Ivory Garden, and he could never stand to remain earthbound for any length of time. \"Do you see them?\" Falkor shook his heavy head. \"I'm afraid not. Don't worry though, we'll find them eventually.\" \"Sorry.\" Jason sighed. \"Adair just looked so... I don't know, I've never seen her like that before.\" He ran his fingers over the medallion that now hung around his neck, its weight making him see over and over what Adair had given up when she'd given it to him. Not only had she lost her powers, they had lost the battle. She'd given all of it up to save his sorry life. He cursed himself for being so foolish to run straight up to Heremoor without sensing something was amiss. \"Falkor?\" The Luckdragon made a noise to let him know he'd heard him, but didn't say a word. \"Do you think Adair did the right thing?\" \"You mean when she saved your life? It's not for me to judge what is right or wrong on that. That was Adair's choice to make. But if you're asking if I agreed, the answer is yes. I would have done the same thing in her position.\" Jason nodded. \"What about Atreyu?\" He asked, remembering the grave look the plains warrior had carried when the battle had ended. \"Do you think he'll see it that way?\" Falkor didn't have a ready answer. Instead he walked silently along with Jason. Finally he took a long deep breath and sighed. \"Atreyu has given up much for the sake of Fantasia, and seen things that were beyond someone of his years. It's made him strong, but in some ways it's also made him hard.\" \"So he probably blames me and Adair for what happened.\" Jason huffed, but on a guilty level he found he couldn't deny that it was his fault. Falkor shook his head again. \"No not you. He'd never blame you or Adair. It's not his way. He'll find some way to make it his fault. It's what he does. Every ill that befalls the ones he loves is his own personal failing. It's why he keeps himself at a distance from those that are close to him. In that way, he's as broken as Adair was when she first came here.\" They walked in silence for another short distance. They were moving very slowly and Jason was starting to notice he was hanging back more and more for Falkor's sake. \"I'd like you to know,\" Falkor said out of nowhere. \"I'm grateful the two of you came here. You and Adair are the first people he's allowed to get close to him in a long time.\" Finally, the great luckdragon stopped moving and lay down on the ground. Jason's breath stopped for a moment as he turned and ran his hand along Falkor's hide. The wounds from the thorns had not yet healed. He wished Adair were here, that she still had the power to heal. \"Falkor, what's wrong?\" The luckdragon managed a weak smile. \"Just need a moment to rest. That's all.\" Jason's fingers reached for AURYN, but when Falkor saw him do so, he shook his heavy head back and forth. \"Save your wishes.\" He said solemnly. \"I'm beyond the Glory's power now.\" Jason dropped the talisman where it hung around his neck, heavy and useless. \"Falkor, what's wrong?\" \"Do you remember...\" His voice was getting weaker. \"When Atreyu said that stories in Fantasia are fading?\" Jason shook his head in denial. \"No. You don't mean that.\" \"Listen to me Jason. What Volrac did on that tower, when he showed us all our Empress trapped in a cursed sleep... when he made everyone doubt Adair, he did more than claim the tower for himself. He destroyed the hope of countless Fantasians. And when hope in Fantasia dies...\" Jason dropped to his knees when he understood. \"So do the luckdragons.\" He kept his hand on Falkor's as though he were trying to let his own strength flow into him, to share enough to get them both through this. \"How much time do we have?\" Falkor grinned. \"Who knows? How much time do any of us have? But one thing is certain. If Moon Child doesn't awaken soon, I will certainly vanish, along with the others.\" \"Don't talk like that. You're not going to disappear. We're going to figure this out.\" \"And how do you propose to do that?\" Jason forced a smile. \"With luck.\" He tried to sound stronger than he felt, for right now he felt that all the luck in the world couldn't pull them out of this swirling despair that was pulling each of them down. Falkor laughed and nodded. \"That's right. Remember what I said Jason. Whatever you do Jason, don't let your hope fade.\" Day had come at last to the Ivory Tower, but instead of the sun's warm triumphant rays, it seemed to bring in a bitter cold and gray skies heavy with dread. Due to the cold, most of the Fantasians had moved to the indoor quarters of the tower to be treated for their injuries, those structures that hadn't been demolished by the waves. As it happened, the Black Djinn Inn had survived the destruction mostly undamaged. It was in the tavern that Atreyu and the others were now. \"Let me up already devil women!\" Hykrion fought stubbornly against Ze'hara's wiry hands holding him down on one of the tables while she and Urgl tended to him. \"I'm quite well! I need to find the children!\" \"You won't be any use to them with that injury, even if you do find them.\" Urgl scolded. \"Now stop your fussing. You're going to roll over and squish me!\" She was standing next to his side, rubbing a curing remedy over a garish bite he'd received in the battle from a demon. Hyrkion's nose curled in disgust. \"It smells awful!\" \"And what I give you next is going to taste worse, but you'll drink every drop before I let you leave this encampment!\" \"It'll be easier if you do what she says.\" Hysbald chuckled. \"She may be little, but she's got ways of dealing with a difficult patient, especially a friend.\" Engywook nodded from where he stood on Hysbald's shoulder. \"Quite right. In the three hundred and twenty eight years we've been wed, there hasn't been a single one where she hasn't gotten her way.\" \"Bah.\" Urgl growled at her husband, warning him to watch what he said. When she was finished, Ze'hara began to take her needle and thread to stitch the knight's wound up. \"Give it a rest old man.\" Bahzha said sternly. His wounds were minor and were being looked after by his wife Ainslee. \"We received a report just after the Lady of Two Worlds flooded the tower. The children made it out through the tunnels with the others. You can join them in the valley when we're done here.\" Hykrion grumbled something about not being old before relenting to being treated. \"So what is the battle plan now? It seems that we defended the tower, but somehow... it doesn't feel like a victory.\" Ze'hara nodded sternly. \"He may not have conquered the tower this time, but Volrac brought a great evil here with him. It still permeates the air like the stench of a swamp.\" \"You mean Heremoor.\" Deisha said sourly. \"Call the traitor by his real name.\" \"Is Heremoor really the traitor?\" That statement brought a deathly silence on all of them. But the words themselves were not nearly as shocking to them as whom they had come from. Atreyu had not spoken a word as his wounds were treated. He'd merely sat among them silent as a stone. His friends had been content to let him be, thinking him fatigued. Now they looked to him as they would a lion who had just been roused from his slumber. Words spoken by a broken heart are as bitter as poison. Ze'hara moved to his side and placed her hand on his arm, trying to make his dark serious eyes meet hers. \"Mi'tah'zha, you don't mean that. Please tell me you don't.\" Atreyu didn't move, but there was a darkness in his eyes that frightened the wise woman. \"Mi'tah'zha, please don't do this. Adair hasn't failed us yet. The fact that we are still here proves it. We can't blame her for what she did.\" \"She's right.\" Deisha agreed. \"If I'd been in her shoes, I would have made the same choice.\" \"True Atreyu.\" Hykrion agreed. \"In the heat of battle, emotions are running high, blood's pumping, anyone can make that kind of mistake.\" Bahzha's fist struck the table in front of him hard enough to crack the wood. His wife yelped in surprise. With furious indignation in his eyes he rounded on his fellows. \"Mistake?! Is that what you all think? Hykrion, if it had been one of your children and you'd saved them would you call it a mistake?\" He turned his angry gaze to Atreyu. \"Is that why you're hiding from her in here? You think she betrayed us? When did you grow so heartless?\" He turned to look at each one of them as he spoke. \"You should all be ashamed. I can't believe after everything Adair's done for us, you're going buy into Volrac's lies. Volrac! The one who has been tearing Fantasia apart while Adair has been running around frantically trying to put it back together! What Vol... What Heremoor did up there on the tower was nothing more than a show for the rest of us, and you're all falling for it. Hasn't he fooled us once already?\" There was silence and they each found they couldn't meet his eyes. \"Heremoor would have you believe that he made Adair weigh Jason's life against all of ours because that is how he sees it. He weighs and measures lives and possibilities like sheaves of wheat on a scale, and it is foolish and sick. Do you think that's how Moon Child sees our lives? It's not!\" Bahzha turned back to Atreyu and pointed right at him. \"You should understand what Adair did up there more than anyone! You led three armies against this very tower for the sake of one person that you cared about!\" Atreyu felt cold all over. Ze'hara felt some relief as the darkness she had seen began to leave his eyes. There was still pain, but it was the pain of regret for his own foolishness that filled his eyes now. \"Adair didn't choose Jason over Fantasia.\" Bahzha finished. \"She just refused an ending where everyone couldn't be there.\" No one said another word. Bahzha sat back down next to his wife looking very tired. She leaned her head on his shoulder. Atreyu got to his feet and stepped toward the door. They all watched him leave, Deisha more intently than anyone. She had not yet spoken to him about what had transpired between him and Adair at the dance, nor had she spoken to him about all the things she had wanted to say. Now she doubted she ever would. She saw so little point in it now. When Atreyu left the Black Djinn Inn, she found she could no longer stay either. Atreyu stepped onto the empty street, walking slowly at first. Then with each stepped he gained in speed until he was running toward Adair. Deisha sat alone at the edge of the railing overlooking the ruins of the Infinite Garden when she was discovered by someone. \"Now there's a face I recognize.\" Iole startled the plains girl whose keen half elven sense had not been alerted by her approach. \"That's the face of someone who wants what they can't have.\" \"You...\" Deisha eyed her warily. Up until now, she'd had very little interaction with the white dragon, and had only gained snippets of understanding from Adair and the others. She knew Atreyu didn't completely trust her, and that put her on edge. But in times like these, it's always nice to have someone to talk to, and Iole had already made it clear she knew her feelings so there was no point in hiding them. \"I just came out here to think. It's weird. I should be devastated right? And part of me is. But most of me just doesn't know what to feel.\" \"I understand. He's been a big part of your life hasn't he?\" She smiled. \"When we were children, we were inseparable. I thought for sure we'd be that way forever. Then Cairon came to the grasslands and everything changed. He'd be away traveling for months at a time. Sometimes I went with him, but most of the time I just waited for him to come home to our village. I guess I was waiting for everything to go back to the way it used to be. But they can't really can they?\" Iole shrugged. \"That's just life. I won't lie, your first love is always hard to get over. And it doesn't get any easier with any others you might have. But the best part is that you get to keep what they taught you. The good times you remember, they'll stay there. And what happens next is up to you.\" She took a seat next to her on the balustrade. \"So now that you don't plan on waiting around anymore, what's next for you?\" She thought on it for a moment. \"I've always wondered how I'd do at adventuring.\" \"There's an idea. I'd tell you all about sleeping on a hard ground and going for weeks without a hot shower, but it seems like you're no stranger to that by now.\" Deisha smiled. \"The Plains are no place for soft women.\" \"So I'm learning.\" Atreyu raced to the top of the tower as fast as he could. He burst through the doors of the council chamber and sprinted across its floor, but before he made it to the second set of doors, something sharp struck his foot through the leather soles of his boots. It was such a rude awakening that he missed his next step and tumbled to the floor. He rolled to push himself back to his knees and knelt to see what it was that had tripped him. A silvery gleam caught his eye. A ring lay on the floor before him. He recognized the crescent moon under the three stars whose sharp edges had punctured the sole of his foot. This was Adair's ring. He'd seen it on her finger before. He'd always assumed Meleah had given it to her along with her tunic. But what was it doing lying here forgotten on the floor? \"Oh good you found it.\" Nag's voice made Atreyu spring to his feet with sword in hand. He swung and missed. The blue haired Witch fell back on its hands and cartwheeled a safe distance from his blade. \"Easy now. I didn't come here for a fight. I just came to get what belongs to us.\" Atreyu glowered at the creature. \"How did you get in here?\" \"We go where we please, but that's not the issue. The ring if you don't mind.\" Nag extended its clawed fingers in a beckoning motion. \"This doesn't belong to you. It's Adair's.\" \"Well it was, but it looks like she no longer wants it. So I've come to take it back. You see, we gave that ring to her as part of a deal she made with us.\" \"You're lying!\" He shouted adamantly. Adair make a deal with Witches? That was too absurd to be true. Nag smirked as it held up its hand, showing Atreyu the back. A tattoo stood out among the others that lined its arms on the back of its hand: a sideways crescent moon with three stars arching over it, identical to the symbol on the ring. Atreyu's heart sank with despair. \"Oh don't look so glum. We just did what we always do. We offered help to a desperate soul. To be fair, she was pretty new here when she took it. She had no idea who we were or what we were doing. She was just a hapless girl who wanted to get home.\" Nag circled Atreyu in that hunched way that it walked. With the agility of a monkey it leaped onto one of the columns and climbed like a spider on the ceiling. \"Haven't you ever wanted to make a deal with Witches?\" it grinned. Atreyu didn't look at Nag. He kept his eyes straight ahead. But every poisonous word it said burned in his ears. Suddenly he remembered what Jason had said that day and this time it made sense. If it weren't for you, she could have gone home a long time ago! \"She made a deal with you. This ring was supposed to take her home.\" \"Well it was supposed to take her to us. But yes, we would have sent her home if she had our payment. A deal's a deal after all. Even we must honor agreements.\" Nag spoke the truth. A deal made with magic is binding, even when struck by those with the blackest hearts. However, witches and evil sorcerers have ways of twisting the truth to suit their needs. So even when they are forced to keep a promise, the gift they offer is always corrupted to bring harm on the other. Like any deal struck with a witch, the Circle of the Night had only told Adair half of the truth, a hideous truth which Atreyu was going to learn right now. \"What was she supposed to give you in return.\" \"A lock of your hair. But that was also just a means to an end. She didn't know what we wanted with it. It would have allowed us to cast a spell to get what we really wanted.\" \"And what was it you were really after?\" Though Atreyu already had an idea what these twisted beings would want with his hair. \"You.\" Nag replied with the most crooked of grins. It twisted its neck so it could look down at Atreyu from where it crawled on the ceiling with its smoldering red eyes. \"See we've been here for ten years now, and we've collected a fair number of test subjects. This world of yours fascinates us to no end. But in all this time, we've never gotten our hands on a bona-fide Fantasian hero. Thoth is all sorts of curious about what gives you your physical endurance. Fay wants to know where your pure hearts and courage come from. And I just want a new toy that won't break.\" \"Why are you telling me all this?\" \"To settle a bet.\" Nag explained. \"Fay and I want to see which is stronger. I've always believed that when it comes to one's own life, even one as brave and selfless as you,\" It said the words 'brave' and 'selfless' in the most mocking tone it could, \"that it's the basest of instincts that takes over. She thinks this 'strongest magic' she's always going on about trumps that. So I'm giving you the full story to see what it will be. Fight or flight?\" It jumped down from the ceiling and walked right up to Atreyu, casually moving his blade aside. \"Here's the thing. Adair's decided to remain here in Fantasia. But you know what happens to those who remain here. Not to mention the damage it would do to both your worlds. If she doesn't go back, she'll never bring what she learned here to the human world. At least that's what I've come to understand you creatures believe. Humans stop dreaming, and then Fantasia stops growing.\" It came around Atreyu, placing its cold fingers over his shoulders. It whispered right next to his ear. \"Still not convinced? Hold that ring up to your eye. I want to show you something.\" Atreyu saw little point in resisting. Everything Nag had said was true. He knew it, even if it ate away at his insides thinking about it. He held the ring before his eye and looked through it. A swirl of colors floated inside it like mist until it began to sort itself out. He saw a woman with unkempt brown hair and sad brown eyes. She was crying. She was sitting on a couch with three children close to her, two boys and a baby girl. They had their arms around their mother trying to comfort her, but they too were crying. \"That's Adair's family. The family she claims doesn't miss her. And their pain is only the beginning of what's to come if Adair remains here. You know what happens when Fantasia stops growing. And Adair will remain here, becoming less and less herself. I wonder how many memories she has left. She stays here for you. If she doesn't go back, it will be all your fault. You've already failed so many of your friends before. Are you going to fail her too? After everything you've gone through to protect it, will you let Fantasia die?\" Nag released its icy hold on Atreyu and turned heel toward the door. \"The choice is yours.\" It declared as it made to leave. \"As is the ring. Should you decide to take us up on our offer-\" \"I'll do it.\" Atreyu didn't hesitate. Nag sighed and spun on its toes to face him again. \"I'll never understand creatures like you, but I will devise outrageous punishments for making me lose my bet.\" \"I don't care. I'll take your deal.\" \"You care that much for Fantasia that you'd become our possession?\" \"Not just Fantasia. You can tell Fay she's right. I won't let Adair remain here and lose herself.\" \"How nauseating. But it is your right. You found the ring, you get the same deal.\" Atreyu shook his head. \"No. I want a new deal with new terms. You'll get what you want, but only after you meet them.\" Nag licked its lips. \"Name them.\" Adair had ceased crying after awhile, but she had not moved. She remained slumped on her knees, staring blankly at the crystal prison and the sleeping empress within it. She was no longer mourning. She was taking time to think. In spite of the ruined state it was in, she still found the Magnolia Pavilion very peaceful. Perhaps it was just being so near Moon Child, even though her power was waning. Her thoughts were interrupted when she felt a gentle nuzzling in her back. Arian had found his way to her again and was pressing his nose between her shoulder blades. She smiled and let him push her to her feet. She stroked his nose affectionately. \"Arian.\" She whispered. \"I've made a mess of things again. What am I supposed to do now?\" \"He's a remarkable steed, but not even he has that answer.\" It was the Lady of Heaven's Grace. At her side as always was the Knight of Heaven's Charm. The rest of the Eldest stood behind them. Each of them looked weary from battle, their clothes torn, their faces dirty and bruised, and the Knight of the Hidden Thorn seemed to have sustained many wounds from his fight with Dawn and Star. He had returned to his original form, but there were hints of the beast still remaining at the edges of his eyes. But in spite of all their new scars, each lady stood even closer to her knight than they had when Adair first met them. \"I'm sorry.\" She told them. The Lady of Heaven's Grace shook her head. \"Adair, you have nothing to apologize for.\" \"But I failed! I lost AURYN, I let him take the tower-\" \"What you did was give up all of your power to save a life. There is no shame in that.\" The Knight of Heaven's Charm nodded in agreement. \"Bravery like yours only comes along once in awhile. Never forget that.\" She smiled at that, though she wasn't sure she believed it. She looked to the Lady of the Undying Rose and the Knight of the Hidden Thorn. \"What happened to Dawn and Star?\" \"They escaped when the battle ended.\" The Knight growled. \"Take care.\" the Lady of the Undying Rose warned. \"You have not seen the last of them. They will stay their course to enter the Human World no matter what. Their hearts are strong. Foolish, but strong.\" \"But that's not why we came.\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace interjected. \"We came to see if you have found the Strongest Magic for yourself.\" Adair bit her lip. She had not forgotten the way Atreyu had looked at her when she'd given up AURYN. \"I thought I had. But he won't forgive me. Not after what I did.\" \"Did we not just tell you that you did nothing wrong?\" The Lady of Two Worlds wagged her finger at her. \"Adair, you're far too hard on yourself. If anyone can understand that, it's the one you love.\" \"You think so?\" She asked hopefully. The Knight of the Other Side stayed his eager Lady from answering. \"I think it would be best if we let you discover that yourself. But I believe it's time for us to go?\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace nodded. \"Yes, it's time.\" \"Go?\" Adair asked. \"Where are you going?\" \"We've done what we came to do.\" The Lady explained. \"The rest is up to you.\" \"Sorry we can't stay.\" The Knight of Awakening flashed her a grin. \"But you know how it goes. The hero must face the ending alone. Darling?\" He motioned to the Lady of the Waking Dream. She nodded and closed her eyes, reaching out with her mind. Six grand carriages appeared out of the sky, each pulled by a team of winged horses. Though he could not speak, Arian regarded the magnificent beasts with some jealousy for their wings. One by one they said their good byes to her and stepped into their carriages. \"Goodbye Adair!\" Waved the Knight of the Unyielding with his gap-toothed grin. \"It was fun!\" Waved the Lady of the Unfailing. After them was the Lady of the Midnight Hour and the Knight of Tomorrow's Promise. They were followed by the Lady of the Waking Dream and the Knight of Awakening. The Lady of the Undying Rose stopped short of getting into her carriage. Adair had been mistrustful of her and her gruff knight when they had met, but her parting words would remain with her for the rest of her life. \"You have a good heart Adair Alicia Artemis. But everyone has good in their hearts. What makes the difference is those who choose to hide it, and those who let it shine.\" Then she and her Knight stepped into their carriage. The Knight of Heaven's Charm and the Lady of Heaven's Grace were all that remained. \"You know what you must do now?\" The Lady of Heaven's Grace asked. Adair shrugged. \"Find Atreyu first, but after that I have no idea. I guess it'll work itself out right?\" The Lady smiled proudly. \"Exactly.\" Then her Knight helped her into their carriage and the Eldest took off into the sky, each returning to their own kingdom. They would have many more adventures to come and Fantasia would hear each and every one in time. But those are all other stories for another time. Adair turned back to the sleeping empress. Perhaps she imagined it, but she believed she saw a small grin touch the ageless girl's face. She gave a slight bow, feeling that some respect was due whether or not she could see it. She hadn't given up on waking her yet, but she knew the first step was in finding Atreyu. She left the Ivory Garden with her head held as high as her hopes. \"Here you are, as promised.\" Nag hissed as it dropped a crystal phial of water into Atreyu's waiting hands. \"It will work as advertised. But how you get her to drink it is up to you. You'll need this as well.\" The creature reached into its tangled blue hair and produced a rolled up piece of paper. \"This is their real ticket home. It's a page from Fay's book. We've enchanted it so that when the moonlight touches the words on it, they'll go straight back to wherever they were before they came here.\" Atreyu reached for it, but Nag whipped it just out of his reach. \"But be warned. If we haven't collected our payment by that time, the moonlight will burn this page to cinders. A deal's a deal after all.\" Atreyu snatched the page away with a scowl. \"You'll have me soon enough. I keep my promises.\" \"Of course you do.\" Nag grinned. \"Well you know what to do. When you're ready, just whisper the name into the ring.\" And then the Witch-Beast was gone. Atreyu closed his eyes and took in slow deep breaths. He needed to prepare himself for what he was about to do. He needed more time, more time with her, more time to say goodbye, time to figure out what he would say to her. It was time he did not have. When he heard the footsteps coming from the Ivory Garden, he knew they were hers. Adair ran into the council chamber, but stopped when she saw him. \"Atreyu...\" She waited for him to recognize her. He called on what little strength he had left in him to look her in the eye. He prayed she could not see what he was feeling. In that moment, the weight of the world seemed to be pressing down on him. It didn't hit him all at once. Rather it felt like it had been there a long time and he was just now realizing it. He felt tired. Adair didn't move. She was waiting for something, but he couldn't guess what. Finally she spoke. \"I'm sorry.\" It occurred to him then that she believed his sudden weariness was her fault, when in fact he'd quite forgotten how betrayed he'd felt only hours ago. He took weary steps to her and threw his arms around her. He was going to miss how strong he felt when he held her this way. He'd miss the feel of her hair between his fingers. Most of all he'd miss that smile he had fought so hard to see. He knew he would never see it again. \"No Adair, I'm sorry. Jason is my friend too, and I never should have judged you for saving him. It was so wrong of me.\" He could feel her hope rising in her chest as her fear of what he thought of her actions vanished. It felt wrong to lift her up when he knew he had to leave her. Why had he even waited for her? He knew he should have gone straight to Jason and enacted the plan as quickly as possible. Every second she remained here shortened the time she had left. He pulled away from her just enough that they could look into each other's eyes. Then he knew why he had stayed. He wanted to see her one last time. He wanted her face, her eyes, her smile imprinted on his heart forever so he would know in the dark days that stretched ahead of him why he had to do this. \"I never meant to hurt you Adair.\" She shook her head. \"You didn't. You never could.\" The lie pierced his heart like the shaft of an arrow. He steeled himself for the blow he was about to deliver to them both. It had to be now. \"It won't happen again.\" He let go of her and turned away then. He didn't want to see that smile fade. Even though he could hear it die in her voice, he held it in his mind. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean I've arranged for you and Jason to return home.\" The silence closed in around them, prodding them, mocking them with its absence of happy words. \"Home?... How? Why? I told you I wanted-\" \"To stay with me?\" He shook his head, keeping his back turned to her. \"That's not possible. We both knew that. You don't belong here.\" He heard her choke, trying to speak past the lump forming in her throat. \"I thought I belonged with you. I thought I came here for a reason.\" \"That reason is done. You've done all that you came here to do.\" This he believed in part to be true. How he wished he could tell her all that she had taught him. He had never questioned his role as a hero. He knew it was something he had to do. But Adair had reminded him why that was so. He reminded him of all that was beautiful in the world that he wanted to protect. But now protecting her meant breaking her heart, breaking both their hearts. \"But... what about you?\" \"I'll move on. There are other stories I need to finish.\" \"Is that all this was?\" He couldn't see her, but he could hear the tears starting to fall and it wracked him with guilt to hear her cry. \"Was I just part of one of your stories?\" He bit his lip. \"Believe that if it will make you leave. Your time in Fantasia is over.\" He made to leave, but felt her hands take hold of his. She pulled at him, tried to make him stay. \"Don't go. Please, just look at me when you say this. Then I'll know it's true. That you don't love me anymore.\" He could not do that. If he turned around now, not only would her smile be gone forever, she would know that every word he spoke was a lie. Then she would never leave. He pulled his hand away from her and left without another word. After what felt like hours of walking by himself, Jason found Atreyu. He had just missed him as he left the Black Djinn Inn, and had left Falkor in Urgl and Ze'hara's care. He saw Atreyu moving sluggishly toward him, looking for all the world that someone had died. Instantly he became worried for Adair. \"Where is she?\" Jason asked earnestly. \"Are you alone?\" Atreyu asked with a grave expression. The boy's voice sounded hollow like a recording, lacking all of the conviction Jason had come to associate with him. It made him nod in response without repeating his question. \"Good.\" Atreyu replied. \"What I'm about to tell you, you must swear you won't repeat to anyone. Especially Iole.\" Jason didn't like where this was heading. In fact he felt like he should run the other way and never look back. But he remained where he was, waiting for Atreyu to explain himself. The once fearless and unshakable warrior from the plains now looked more tired than the oldest of old men Jason had ever met. \"I've found a way home for you and Adair.\" Jason didn't know how to feel. He wanted to get Adair home certainly, but he hadn't wanted it like this. So many things felt unfinished. He couldn't fathom why Atreyu of all people would be trying to send them back when he had been more determined than anyone to finish the quest. \"We can't leave yet. I thought you wanted to save Fantasia.\" \"I am saving Fantasia. You and Adair need to go home and share what you learned here with the rest of your world. You're the only hope Fantasia has now.\" \"Our odds would be better if we could stop Heremoor. If he wins, there won't be a Fantasia left for us to share.\" Atreyu nodded. \"But the same would be true if you and Adair lose your memories. Adair has worn AURYN for a long time now. I don't know how many she has left. If you don't get her home soon, the Adair you know will disappear forever. She'd be trapped, and all her dreams would vanish with her memories. Living with no dreams is a fate worse than death. You told me once you would rather she returned than risk losing her.\" Jason shook his head. \"That hasn't changed. But she wants to stay here with you. She'd never leave you.\" \"I know.\" Atreyu reached into his leather pouch and produced a small crystal phial of water. \"That's why I have this.\" \"What is that?\" \"Listen carefully Jason. You're the only one I can trust with this. This is a memory potion. I need you to give it to Adair. Find a way to make her drink it.\" \"Are you insane? You think I'd use magic on her?\" \"When you know what it does you will, because it's the only way to save her. This potion will take away all her memories of me.\" \"Now I know you're insane! I thought the point of this was to keep her from losing her memories!\" \"She won't lose her memories of Fantasia or what she went through. I just won't be in them.\" He held it out to Jason, waiting for him to take it. \"You'd go back to being the most important person in her life. Without me, you two have a future. That's what you want isn't it?\" \"Not like this!\" \"Jason please. You think this is easy for me? We have to think of Adair now. The longer she spends here, the less of her remains.\" Jason took it slowly. The phial was cool to the touch. \"Atreyu, where did you get this?\" \"It doesn't matter.\" \"It matters if this is dark magic. You know the cost this stuff can have.\" \"It's a cost I'm willing to pay.\" When Atreyu's eyes met Jason's again, all the fire that had once filled them had flickered out. \"Adair will forget all about me and be out of my life forever. What cost could be higher than that?\" Jason shook his head. He didn't know if he wanted to shake Atreyu to his senses or punch him again. He couldn't believe this boy had the nerve to be so self-sacrificing! \"Atreyu, I didn't want it to be this way.\" \"I know. That's why you're the only one I can trust. You care for her more than anyone.\" Jason looked down at the phial, then back to the broken Atreyu.\"I used to think that. Now I know I could never beat you.\" When the battle had ended, Adair had walked through the tower in a haze. Now she didn't feel anything but the constant ache in her chest. What she was doing now couldn't even be called walking. Every few steps she took she would fall to her knees or lean against a wall to cry some more. She had never been one to cry before. Now she felt like she couldn't stop. She felt she was trying to empty a river out of her eyes, that when she cried everything out of herself she would be empty again and not have to feel anything. Believe that if it will make you leave. Your time in Fantasia is over. She couldn't get those words out of her head. She didn't want to, but they played over and over in her mind, like someone was shoving them into her face every time she tried to look away. \"How could he say that?\" She sobbed. \"He told me he loved me, and... he kissed me. He kissed me!\" She took another step and fell back to her knees. She didn't get back up this time. \"He kissed me!\" Her first kiss that had meant so much to her seemed to have been nothing to him. She cursed herself for letting him in, and she cursed him for what he had done. Why had he wasted all this time putting her broken self back together only to smash it to pieces now? Her tears blurred her vision, but she could vaguely make out a pair of boots stepping in front of her. A hand reached down to help her up, and once she touched it she knew it was Jason's. She looked up at him as he helped her to her feet. He brushed the tears away from her eyes and she threw herself into his arms. Even now she felt guilty, knowing how he truly felt about her and how she had broken his heart. Yet she knew if she didn't hold onto to something solid and warm she would break. He had always been that for her; solid, constant, always there, and she had taken advantage of that all these years. Perhaps it served her right to feel this way. Hadn't she done the same to him? \"Jason I don't know what to do.\" \"I know.\" He said. \"It'll be alright.\" \"I wish I'd never come here. I wish it were like before where I didn't care about anything.\" \"Don't talk like that. Tell me what's wrong.\" \"I can't.\" \"You want things to be like before, then trust me like you used to. Tell me what's wrong and I'll try to help.\" She didn't have any will left. If he wanted to know, she would tell him even if it would hurt her to say it. Even if it would hurt him to hear it. \"Atreyu... doesn't want me here anymore. I thought... I thought he loved me. I... I...\" She couldn't go on. She didn't need to. Jason knew now. He had seen the light in Atreyu's eyes go out, and after seeing Adair like this he knew exactly what Atreyu had done. But he couldn't bring himself to hate Atreyu for it. As much as he hated seeing Adair in this much pain, he knew it killed Atreyu to break her like this. He had broken both their hearts because he believed he was saving her. He loved Adair that much. It made what he was about to do look easy and selfish. But he had promised Atreyu he would, and he didn't want to see Adair hurting anymore. He held out the crystal phial he carried to her. \"Here. Drink this.\" Adair blinked away more of her tears and stared at it. It seemed an odd thing to ask of her at a time like this. \"What is it?\" \"It's something Ze'hara gave me.\" He lied. \"She was worried about you. She said it would help with the pain.\" She didn't know what that meant. How would Ze'hara know what kind of pain she was in? But she no longer had the strength to think about it. She looked into Jason's eyes for a moment and saw the worry in them. He was still the loyal friend he had always been. She took the phial and popped the cork. Then she drank. Jason watched her drink and watched her expression change as the water disappeared down her throat. She looked confused and he wondered if there was something strange about the water that would alert her. Yet she drank every drop. \"Feel better?\" He asked cautiously. She took a moment to answer. The look in her eyes made it seem like she was trying to remember something. \"Yeah. I do. I... don't even know why I was so upset.\" \"Are you sure? You're not upset about anything?\" \"Well of course I'm upset we lost the battle, and about what happened to Octavia, but you're right.\" \"I am?\" He asked. \"Right about what?\" \"We have to go home. We're the last hope Fantasia has. If we don't go home and share it, Volrac wins.\" \"And you're sure there's nothing about Fantasia you're going to miss?\" \"I'll miss a lot of things. This place... it's beautiful. But I think I learned everything I came here to. That's really all we can do right?\" When Jason spoke it felt like wading through broken glass, stepping carefully. \"Yeah. That's all we can do.\" \"So how do we get back home?\" He took her hand and began to lead her out of the tower while he explained the means by which they'd return to the Human World. As they left the tower, Atreyu watched them from the rooftops. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Jason leading her, and her following him without question or worry. She was safe. She was going home. That was all that mattered to him. He took the ring from his pocket, held it to his lips and whispered a vile name that is best left unwritten. The moment the name left his lips, he was gone as if he had never been. \"Are you sure we shouldn't look for Iole before we go?\" Adair asked. \"No. I already told her. She can find her own way back... I think.\" The two of them had made it to the outskirts of the Infinite Garden without being seen. Jason had intentionally taken them through the back roads so they wouldn't run into anyone. It pained him to leave without saying goodbye to any of their friends. He felt especially rotten about leaving Falkor behind without knowing if he would ever recover from his illness. But he didn't wish to risk what questions they might ask. The moment they realized she no longer remembered Atreyu, it would get back to Iole. And the White Dragon knew dark magic when she saw it. She could practically smell it on others. Not only that, he didn't want that knowledge to hurt Adair. So they left the Ivory Tower quietly, like thieves in the night. They had managed to make it all the way to the edge of the Infinite Garden without being noticed. But they hadn't completely escaped notice. Jason cast one last look towards the tower and saw that they were being followed. He cursed under his breath. \"What is it?\" He pointed to the intruder closing in on them. \"It's that stupid horse of yours. He's like a dog sometimes.\" Arian crossed the last crest of hills and loped down after them. He nudged Adair with his nose. She laughed and pet him. \"I wish I could take you with me boy.\" Arian whinnied nervously. Adair looked to Jason. \"Is there anything we can do for him?\" Jason shrugged. \"He's one of your stories. You finish it.\" \"But I don't have AURYN anymore.\" Jason looked down at the talisman hanging from his neck and sighed. \"The things I do for you.\" He held AURYN in his hand and placed his other hand on Arian. \"Alright... you got anything for me to go on?\" \"He's always wanted to fly.\" \"How could you possibly know that?\" She put her hands on her hips. \"Alright. You want to fly. I think that can happen... and you'll need a story to go with it.\" He closed his eyes and tried to picture a story. He knew Arian would need something heroic to do for someone else. He tried to picture the saddest, most miserable individual in need of saving. Not a glittering princess waiting for some prince, but someone even lonelier who just needed a friend. Arian would make a loyal companion to someone like that. \"Somewhere far away from here in... Spook City there's a young goblin slave. He's always worked for a hideous ogre overlord. But that ogre's been away fighting here in the Ivory Tower and no one has heard from him in a long time. The goblin boy's still trapped in his mansion, locked in a broom closet, being tormented by ghosts. He needs you to take him far away from that horrible city and find a place where he can be happy.\" Before their eyes, light shone from Arian's back. A beautiful pair of white feathered wings sprouted from his back. He jumped about in excitement, nudging Jason to thank him. Then he trotted to Adair and nudged her as well as if he were waiting for her approval. Waiting for her to say he could go. \"Go on. I'll be fine.\" She smiled. \"There's a goblin boy in Spook City that needs you. Go get him.\" Arian nuzzled her one last time before galloping away. They watched him take off and it did something to lift their spirits to watch Arian the stallion become Arian the pegasus. Adair hugged Jason then, something he wasn't sure he'd ever get used to. He liked it, it was just strange to see her so open with others now. He had tried to hug her in the past, but she had shrunk away like a frightened animal. He remembered his conversation with Bastian about how a time would come when Adair would show him all the sides of her she had kept hidden before. It was with a guilty weight in his chest that he remembered if it hadn't been for Atreyu, she never would have opened up this way. And now she no longer remembered what he had done for her. He resented Atreyu for putting him in this position. \"Thank you Jason.\" \"For what?\" \"For everything. For sticking by me all this time. I know I didn't make it very easy on you.\" \"What are friends for?\" \"Yeah... friends.\" The way she said it sounded strange, longing and hopeful. \"What is it?\" \"I was just thinking... we've been through a lot here. Maybe when we get home we can try being more than friends.\" There it was, what he'd waited years to hear her say. He'd pictured it for so long, but there was no joy in his heart for it like he'd imagined. There was only conflict. He didn't know what to say to her. Too many things were going through his mind. The Adair he had remembered never would have spoken about her feelings so boldly. She never would have felt this free even with him. What had Atreyu done that he hadn't been able to? Why had he reached her when he hadn't managed to for ten years? Would she stay this way now that he was no longer in her life? Even if she did, Jason didn't feel he could own up to her happiness. There would always be that flicker of doubt. \"We've got some time before the moon rises.\" He said. \"I'll be right back.\" She seemed confused by his sudden stand-offish manner. \"Alright.\" He went a ways off until he was sure she couldn't see or hear him. Then he took AURYN in his hand again. He looked at the two snakes as though he expected them to release the tails in their mouths and talk to him. \"Look here.\" He spoke to it sternly, not caring that he must look completely crazy. There was no one around to see. \"We both know that wish I made just now was for her. I don't know what memory you took from me, and pretty soon it won't matter. But right now I'm going to make a wish for me, and it will be the last wish I ever make with your power. So here's what's going to happen. You're going to grant this wish, and it will work the way I want it to. After that you can take whatever you want from me. Are we clear?\" The Gem said nothing back to him of course, but he still believed it heard him. He held it close to his face and whispered his wish into it. Adair saw Jason coming back to her. She got to her feet and dusted herself off. She gave him a smile. \"Ready to go?\" He said nothing. Instead he took her by the shoulders and kissed her. She was surprised, but she didn't fight it. It was what she wanted wasn't it? After everything they'd been through, wasn't it natural for her to have fallen for him? It had taken her a long time, but she had discovered her heart again, and that heart cared for Jason deeply. Yet when she kissed him back, it felt wrong somehow. Why? Why was this feeling getting in the way of her being happy? Why was it stopping them? In the back of her mind she fought to understand. It was like she was fumbling through a tunnel where the only light that can be seen is at the exit. She pressed toward that light. She fought the strange numb feelings that were clouding her mind. Then she found it. It was like she'd left the tunnel and entered a sun filled valley. Her eyes flashed open and started blinking rapidly as images raced back into her mind. She saw what it was that had stopped her from giving in to her feelings for Jason. It wasn't that she didn't love him. It was that she'd already given her heart to someone she loved more. She could see his face, his steady dark eyes, and with those eyes came a name she couldn't believe she had forgotten. She pulled away from Jason. \"Atreyu.\" Jason's face fell. He looked saddened, but not at all surprised. \"Right.\" \"Jason, what happened?\" He pointed to AURYN. \"I got my wish. I wanted to see if you and me could ever work like you and him would. I guess I got my answer.\" That feeling of wanting to be with him hadn't left her, and seeing his disappointment still pained her. \"Jason I'm so sorry.\" \"Don't. I just want you to be happy. Even if it's not with me.\" He turned away from her and motioned for her to follow him. \"Come on. Let's go find that idiot.\" He heard a thud and turned around. Terror struck him like lightning when he saw Adair on the ground. He rushed to her side and gathered her in his arms, brushing her hair from her face. Her eyes were closed. She was breathing, but she wasn't waking up. \"Adair? Adair! Wake up! Come on Adair, don't do this! Come on! What's wrong?! ADAIR!\" \"Adair. Adair wake up. You're going to be late.\" That gentle voice roused her from sleep. She stretched and sat up in her bed. She smiled at the woman who had woken her with a kiss on her forehead. \"Good morning.\" She rubbed her eyes and gave the woman a tired smile. \"Morning Mom.\"[Chapter 22] Chapter 21: The Real Thing \"Up, Up, up!\" Diana cooed as she drew back the curtains of her daughter's bedroom, letting light flood into it. \"You're going to be late for school.\" Adair rubbed her eyes. \"I'm up. I'm up.\" Diana came around her bedside to look at the canvas stationed on the easel. \"Is this why you're so tired this morning?\" \"Maybe.\" She replied with a guilty smile. Diana admired the painting with a thoughtful finger under her chin. \"I like it. Did you do that all in one night?\" \"Maybe.\" Adair said again. \"What are these purple things in the distance?\" \"Buffalo.\" \"Buffalo?\" Diana laughed. \"Why purple buffalo?\" She shrugged. \"I don't know. That just felt right.\" \"You come up with the strangest things sometimes. How did you get the grass to change colors like that?\" She indicated the way the grass shifted from green to gold in the sunlight. \"It's a new technique I learned in class last week.\" Diana smiled with pride at the painting. \"Well as good as it is, it's still my job as your mother to make sure you're getting your rest. That means putting your brush down at a reasonable hour. Now hurry and get dressed or your friends will leave without you.\" \"Yes ma'am.\" She said with a grin as she pulled her shirt over her head. \"Mom?\" She called as Diana was just about to head out the door. Her mother turned back. \"I love you.\" Diana was surprised, but delighted all the same. \"What brought that on all of a sudden?\" \"I just... feel like I haven't said it in awhile.\" Diana nodded. \"I love you too sweetheart. Now hurry up.\" Adair dressed quickly and made a halfhearted attempt to brush her hair, brushed her teeth thoroughly, and then headed down the stairs. Her father was just finishing up breakfast and was straightening his tie. \"Good morning Daisy.\" \"Dad I'm not a little girl anymore. Can you please just call me Adair.\" \"Anything you say Daisy. Don't forget to grab some breakfast on your way out.\" She waved the granola bar she'd taken from the kitchen. He scowled at her. \"I don't think that counts.\" \"Bye Dad. Love you.\" \"Love you too.\" He called. \"Don't forget!\" Her mother called. \"We're going to your Aunt Rosemary's this weekend, so pack some clothes.\" \"Do I have to go?\" She only half argued. \"Yes you do.\" Her mother scolded. \"You promised your cousins you'd visit. They miss you.\" \"I guess.\" She waved goodbye and made her way to the corner of her block where her friends were waiting for her. \"It's about time.\" said a dark haired girl with a pair of green eyes that stood out in her dark complexion. \"Morning to you too Deisha.\" \"Maybe we should start giving you a wake up call.\" Deisha had a style as free-spirited as she was. There was never any less than seven colors in her blouse. \"You're only slightly better.\" Said the boy next to her. They shared the same dark hair and deep tan, but his eyes were dark. \"She doesn't have anyone to splash water in her face to wake her up.\" As always he wore a pair of faded blue jeans that fit him just right, and a leather jacket over a plain T-shirt. It made him look cool and at ease, but Adair knew there was a boyish side to him, one that she loved to bring into the open. Deisha socked her brother in the arm. \"Keep it up Atreyu. I know all of your secrets, and the next time you splash me, Adair will too.\" Atreyu's face flushed red. \"What secrets? I don't know what you're talking about!\" Adair shot him a mischievous grin. \"Every boy has secrets Atreyu. So be nice to your sister.\" Both girls laughed at that. Jason placed a sympathetic hand on Atreyu's shoulder. \"Face it Atreyu. Girls are pure evil. I don't care if she is your girlfriend.\" Adair slipped her hand into Atreyu's and started pulling him along. \"Don't worry. If Deisha ever tells me anything, I promise I won't laugh.\" Deisha smiled. \"I wouldn't be so sure.\" \"Lay off him she-devil. Poor guy already has to live with you.\" Jason teased. Deisha was not amused by the nickname. \"Did you get those photos I asked you to? I'm not flunking this project because you blew off your half of the work this weekend.\" \"Relax. It's not due for another three days.\" Deisha was fuming. \"Meaning you haven't gotten them yet?!\" The two of them went on ahead so she could yell at him. Jason in turn would simply tell her she was cute when she was angry, which would only infuriate her further. Adair and Atreyu hung back, walking hand in hand. \"I wonder if those two will ever get along.\" Atreyu sighed. \"They get along.\" Adair said with a smile. \"In their way.\" \"I guess you're right. So are we still on for the movies tonight?\" She groaned as she remembered her promise. \"My mom just reminded me. We're visiting my aunt this weekend. I have to pack when I get home.\" \"Oh. Well what if I come and help you?\" \"You want to help me go through my clothes?\" She asked, and tried to look surprised. He turned red when he realized the implication. \"No I didn't mean it like that!\" She burst into laughter and he realized she'd caught him in a trap. She just couldn't resist making him blush. \"You're too easy.\" He frowned. \"Jason's right. Girls are evil.\" She gave him a quick peck on the cheek. \"But you love me anyway.\" He smiled in his shy way and the two of them caught up to the others. They made it to the school and waved to each other as they separated for their classes. Jason and Adair walked together since they had the same first hour. \"What's that smile for?\" Jason asked. \"Nothing.\" She lied. He rolled eyes. \"You two. It's kind of sickening.\" She frowned and looked at him. \"Are you sure you're okay with this?\" He looked surprised. \"You mean you and Atreyu? Totally. The guy's like my brother. And I remember what it was like when you and me dated. It was fun, but it just got awkward.\" He smiled. \"I'm good with this. I just wish...\" He trailed off. \"Yes?\" she prodded. \"I just wish Deisha didn't have to hang out with us all the time now.\" Adair shoved him lightly. \"You like her.\" \"I like bacon. Bacon doesn't hit me.\" Adair suppressed a yawn but Jason caught it anyway. \"Hey come on. Don't do that. The day just started. Wake up.\" \"Wake up! Wake up!\" Jason shook Adair but it was no use. She lay sleeping as if dead in his arms. If it weren't for her deep rhythmic breathing he would have feared the worst. \"Come on why won't you wake up?\" \"What happened?\" It was Iole. She must have flown to them to have arrived so quickly and without him knowing. She crouched near him and laid a hand on Adair's shoulder. The instant she did, she recoiled back and narrowed her eyes at Jason. \"You idiot.\" She said in a dark low voice. \"What did you do?\" Not knowing how to explain, he reached into his pocket and handed her the empty phial he had tricked Adair to drink from. She grasped it tightly in her fingers and closed her eyes. He could see her eyes flickering beneath her eyelids like she was reading a story on the back of them. When she opened her eyes she glared at him again. \"I apologize. You're BOTH idiots!\" She barked as she hurled the phial to the ground where it shattered. \"Do you have any idea what you've both done?\" Jason shook his head. \"I just did what Atreyu said. He said it was the only way to get her home.\" \"That's not your decision to make!\" He had never seen Iole this angry. \"Do you realize you just used dark magic to compel another's will? I could kill you for that!\" \"What did it do?\" \"Exactly what it was supposed to. Atreyu knew forcing her to leave would break her heart, so he made a deal for this potion to protect her. It erased her memories of him, but when you kissed her it brought them all back. So the spell found another way to 'protect' her. She's trapped in a dream world.\" \"I thought Fantasia was the dream world.\" She clenched her fist and he flinched. \"Don't try to get technical with me right now. She's in a fake world made from her wishes. In there, all the problems she worries about the most don't exist.\" \"Then how do we get her out?\" \"We don't. This is the deal Atreyu made. You can't undo it. The only way she can wake up is if she realizes that world she's in is fake. Then she has to choose to leave it. I've seen this before. I can't tell you how many I've lost because they decided not to come back.\" \"Then maybe Atreyu can wake her up. If he made the deal, he can undo it.\" \"And how do we propose we find him?\" \"He's still at the tower isn't he?\" Iole snickered darkly. \"So he didn't tell you about his end of the deal.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"His payment! You think the Seekers would give him something for nothing? He traded himself to get you that potion and your way home. He's with them now, and who knows what they're doing to him. He's their property now.\" Jason's head began to spin. He had seen that Atreyu had been broken, but he never would have believed he would do something so desperate. But then again, it was his way to take the hardest path for himself so others wouldn't have to suffer. \"You jerk.\" he growled. He beat his fist against the ground. \"You jerk! What makes you so special that you can take all the bad on by yourself! Don't you care about what happens to you? Don't you care how it makes the rest of us feel?!\" He looked back to Iole. \"We need to get to the Forest of Thorns. They probably have him in the Nightmare Castle.\" \"No they don't. That's Volrac's castle. They'd have a place for themselves. Somewhere safe that Volrac doesn't know about so they can do their experiments in peace.\" \"Where are they? You're the Witch hunter. Where do we start looking?\" \"I've been tracking them longer than you've been alive. If there's one thing they're good at, it's covering their tracks. They don't want me to find them, and a lot of their magic goes into making sure I don't.\" \"I know where to find them.\" Both of their heads snapped in the direction of the voice. Hiding just around the hedge was a freckled woman with long red curls. She peered quietly around the corner like she'd been there all along. Both Jason and Iole leaped to their feet. He had his sword out in a flash and she had her arms morphed into claws even quicker. \"Who are you?\" Jason demanded. \"A friend.\" \"Then step out here where we can see you.\" Iole snapped. The woman stepped into view. She wore a white blouse under a red vest, and a long red wool skirt. Her long rose-gold curls and freckled face seemed plain at first, but her smile lit her features with hidden beauty. There was something warm and motherly about her face that made Jason want to trust her. But he was still hesitant. \"How do you know where to find the Seekers?\" \"Because I've been to their castle before. I used to serve them.\" \"Used to? This sounds like a trap.\" \"I imagine it would.\" She confessed. \"Unfortunately I don't have anything to give you but my word that I want to help Adair more than anything. You could say I owe her.\" \"Owe her? How?\" \"I walked a very dark path once. If it weren't for her, I would still be on it.\" Jason looked to Iole. \"Well?\" \"I don't smell any demons on her. But that doesn't mean she's telling the truth.\" She waited for him to make the call. Sadly, Iole didn't have much room in her heart for trust. This would have to be Jason's decision. \"Where are they?\" The woman smiled with relief. \"You'll find them in a castle that is east of the sun and west of the moon. But I don't know how you'll reach it. You must travel very fast to find it.\" \"I've got us covered.\" Iole assured them. \"Then go.\" The woman urged. \"The longer you wait, the further Adair's heart slips away. If you don't find the one she loves soon, she'll be unreachable.\" Iole nodded to Jason. \"Get her on my back quickly.\" \"Wait, we don't even know your name.\" Jason inquired. It may have been an odd thing to worry about with time running so short, but he felt like he should know who to thank if she could be trusted. She smiled at him and said, \"You can call me Matilda.\" Cold was the first thing Atreyu became aware of. The moment he had used the ring, he'd felt himself pulled forward into nothing. Now he was on his hands and knees on a cold slick floor. Shivering, he took in his surroundings. He was in some kind of castle, of that he was sure. These fortresses of stone had always felt like a prison to him. But this was not the Castle of Nightmares as he'd expected. Its floor was black and white, checkered in some places, swirled in others, but in most places fragmented. It wasn't lit by torchlight, but rather by crystals that seemed to float in the air and give off ambient light. There were strange paintings on the walls of faces that may have once been beautiful but were now contorted in twisted ugly expressions. Some of them looked like they were laughing at him, others like they were crying for him. The corridors and chambers made no sense, lined with twisting columns and walls that wound around each other. They seemed not to be made from stone, but rather from quartz. The entire castle was made from thick white crystal and black obsidian rock. \"Ah good.\" Came Thoth's voice as Atreyu's three captors appeared in the chamber with him. \"He's arrived, mostly undamaged.\" He reached for his tattered vest and opened it. Its inner layer was lined with innumerable pockets that each held a tool. From one of these pockets he produced a long curved dagger. He handed it off to Nag. \"Nag, if you please.\" \"I do.\" the Witch-Beast held the knife over their prisoner, its eyes gleaming with cruel excitement. Roughly it grabbed a handful of Atreyu's dark hair. Before he could blink, Nag slashed a lock of it away. It held the stolen hair between its claws and lifted it to its nose, inhaling its scent deeply. Without explanation it plucked one of its own long blue hairs and added it to Atreyu's. It returned to its associates. \"Now yours.\" Thoth reached for one of his greasy brown hairs and plucked a strand which he handed to Nag. Last was Fay who took one of the hairs from her purple streak. Nag took the new hairs and bound them around Atreyu's. \"What is that for?\" Atreyu asked stoically. He'd already resigned himself to whatever fate they had planned for him. \"Just a bit of insurance.\" Thoth grinned. \"Can't have you running away now can we?\" Nag twisted the lock of hair, then laid it flat on its palm. It had acquired a magical gleam. With a gust of its breath, the hairs flew from its hand toward Atreyu. They shimmered and snaked their way around his neck and wrists. Shadowy manacles appeared in their place, and then they vanished. That is to say, they were gone from the naked eye, but Atreyu's contract with the Circle of the Night was now more binding than ever. \"I already told you I had accepted my fate.\" \"Ah-ah-ah.\" Nag scolded,clenching its fingers. Atreyu suddenly found his mouth clamped shut. Try as he might, he could not open it. \"You belong to us now.\" With a flick of its wrist, Atreyu found himself compelled to return to his hands and knees. Nag cackled as it took a seat on his shoulders, using the once proud boy warrior as a foot stool. \"From now on, you only speak when we want you to. You only move when we want you to. You do what we tell you. Now let's see. What game shall we play first?\" \"If there are games to be played, they are mine first.\" Said Fay. \"Did you forget? I won the bet.\" Nag snarled. \"No I didn't forget. I was going to make him pay for it.\" \"Come come Nag, be a sport.\" Thoth said nonchalantly. \"Fay won the wager fair and square.\" He clapped his hands twice. \"Release him and let her have her turn.\" Nag pouted, but stood up and snapped its fingers. Atreyu felt the spell's compulsion disappear. He rose on shaky knees back to his feet and stared back at his captors defiantly. \"Oooo those eyes.\" Nag's voice quivered with annoyance. It seized Atreyu's hair once more and drew its face right next to his. Its fetid breath made his stomach turn. \"I can't wait to break all the spirit out of them.\" \"Nag.\" Fay snapped. \"You and I are going to have so much fun later. I promise you.\" Then Nag released him and stalked back to stand by Thoth. Fay stood in front of Atreyu and stared at him with her cold blue eyes. They carried the same expression they always did; half disinterested, and half like she was expecting something. \"Leave us.\" \"As you wish M'dear. Come along Nag. I'm sure you can find other amusements while you wait your turn with our new subject.\" Once they left the chamber, Fay went to close the doors. She turned back to him and stood in front of him. \"I need you to do something for me. Think of something... precious.\" A thought came unbidden to his head then, not because she had requested it but because the very word precious made him think of Adair. Her hazel green eyes filled his mind and made his heart ache, but at the same time he took comfort that the last he had seen of her she had been smiling. This seemed to be all that Fay needed. She placed her hand on the side of his face and a soft white glow came from her palm. He could feel the cuts and bruises on his face vanishing. She ran her hand over the other wounds he'd received in the battle and he felt them close as well. She even ran her small white hand over the part of his hair that Nag had cut away. It was restored as though it had never been severed. Then she took his hand in both of hers. A strange tingling sensation crawled from her touch all over his body. When he looked down, he found that his clothes had changed. He now wore a tunic of white silk with gold scroll-work along its hem and sleeves. He regarded her with great suspicion. He had expected cruelty. What did she hope to gain by showing him kindness? \"What is this?\" \"A possibility. I'm going to give you a way out of your contract.\" \"And why would you do that?\" \"Because you're going to do something for me. You're going to show me the strongest magic. It is the only power strong enough to break our bonds that hold you. It's the most powerful force in the world.\" She took a step back and locked her icy blue stare on him. \"Kiss me.\" \"What?\" \"Kiss me. I have traveled many worlds and seen more of magic than you could ever dream. And in no world have I found one more powerful than love. But here in the realm of fantasy and dreams, it is at its strongest. This is the world that gives it power. It's why I came here. I've wanted that power for myself. For years I've worked on perfecting this spell. All I need now is a hero to kiss me. You are the hero of the story. By kissing me, you name me the heroine.\" \"Why not just force me to kiss you?\" Atreyu asked, unable to believe the delusion of what he was hearing. \"It doesn't work that way. The strongest magic can't be forced. Our contract binds your body and soul, but not your heart.\" He glowered at her. \"If you know so much about love, then you already know my heart belongs to another. It's why I'm here in the first place.\" \"Another who is gone from this world. One who's forgotten all about you. You can learn to love again. I've seen it happen before.\" \"Why me? Do you even love me?\" He didn't need an answer for that one. He knew this heartless girl had never loved a thing in her life. It's why the feeling perplexed her so, he was sure of it. \"I can learn to. You could be the one to teach me how. I'll admit, you possess traits that impress me. With the strongest magic binding us, we will be unstoppable. You'd be free to do as you please. Nag, Thoth, even Volrac himself could not hope to stand in our way.\" \"You would turn on your own companions?\" He asked in disgust. \"Why not? They're nothing to me. Both of them are incapable of love, so they are of no real use to me once I have it.\" \"You speak of love as if it is something you can own, but it can't be bought so cheaply.\" He turned away from her. \"I don't care if I spend a hundred years in this castle with you, I will never kiss you.\" \"You may want to think about what you're saying. Nag plans to torture your body and Thoth aims to break your mind. And trust me when I say you don't want any part of what I can do to you. You will face agony unlike any you've ever felt as our slave. But as my lover, you will rule Fantasia.\" He shot a her a bitter look. \"Or protect it. Whatever you like.\" She placed her hand on his shoulder. \"All you have to do is agree to be mine. Then I will do whatever you wish.\" For the first time he'd known her, there almost seemed to be real feeling in her words. Perhaps something underneath the layer of ice and wickedness was still close to human. Perhaps it was pleading to him to save it. He laid his fingers over hers. They were small and cold, like a child lost in the snow. It was hard to imagine those small thin fingers were capable of the cruelty he'd seen her enact. But one look into her cold dead eyes told him plainly he could not do what she asked. \"You are to be pitied Fay.\" She showed no reaction on her face, but he could see the black fur along the tail under her skirt bristle with resentment. Perhaps one day she could be reached, that lingering piece of her heart saved. But it would not be by him. \"You will never understand what it means to love. It's not a spell for you to weave and play with. It is pure and sacred. I will not disgrace what Adair and I share by accepting less.\" He shrugged her hand off his shoulder and stepped back. \"And I will never give my heart to someone as cold and selfish as you.\" She stared back into his eyes, and her gaze was searching this time. What she sought he could not be sure. Perhaps a weakness, something she could say that would convince him. She didn't find it. He steeled his dark eyes against her. His heart belonged to Adair forever, and he would spend the rest of his days in this castle guarding it from her. She stalked to the door and flung it open. \"Nag!\" She called. The Witch-Beast returned in a flash. \"Yes?\" \"I've changed my mind.\" She reported. The two of them rounded on Atreyu with venomous stares. \"Let's play with him together.\" Adair slid her books back into her backpack as the final bell rang. The other students including Jason couldn't get out fast enough. \"Don't forget to finish your research for your papers!\" The teacher called to them as they went. \"Your rough drafts are due Monday.\" \"Aye-aye Sensei.\" Jason gave her a two -fingered salute on his way out. \"I mean it.\" She warned. \"Or I'll show you first hand how Ivan the Terrible punished insubordination. One minute Adair, would you mind staying after class for a moment? I won't keep you long.\" Adair looked to Jason. He shrugged and she nodded that it was alright for him to go. \"Go tell them I'll catch up with you guys.\" She waited for Jason to leave then turned to her teacher. \"You wanted to see me Miss Tipp?\" Her teacher held her hand up as if to wave away the offending formality. \"School's over Adair. Iole is just fine.\" She came around her desk and leaned back into it, folding her arms. She had a black buttoned blazer on, but no matter where she went she always wore jeans. Some said it was an unprofessional look for a teacher, but Iole had never much cared what others thought. \"I just wanted to catch up and talk, mostly about you and Atreyu. So the two of you are getting pretty serious?\" Adair could feel the heat rising in her face. \"Why do you ask?\" \"Come on Adair,\" Iole winked. \"I wouldn't be much of a Godmother if I didn't ask about these things. So how is everything on that front?\" She struggled to find the right words. \"Good...\" \"And how does he treat you?\" \"Really good.\" Iole raised an eyebrow at her. \"Really. He treats me just fine. He opens doors for me, he's always polite when he talks to me. He's so gentle. Honestly I'm probably worse to him.\" \"How's that?\" \"I don't know. He's so easy to tease. He gets embarrassed over little things. He'd probably turn all red if he knew we were having this talk.\" Iole smiled. \"He sounds like a sweet kid.\" \"He is. Honest, you have nothing to worry about.\" \"Alright, I trust you. Just promise me something. Before you take any other steps, make sure it's the real thing.\" Adair didn't know how to take that, but she nodded anyway and waved goodbye. \"Give my best to your folks for me.\" \"Will do. We're going to my Aunt's this weekend.\" \"Rosemary? Good. Tell her hi for me and tell your cousin Bryan I want my game back.\" As she made her way out of the classroom and to the front gates of the school, she turned Iole's words over and over in her head. Her godmother did have a way of making her think. She also had a way of making her feel paranoid. The real thing? What could she have meant by that? Atreyu was the perfect boyfriend. She'd never felt the same way about anyone else. What could be more real? Just as she was thinking on this, she found him waiting for her just outside the gates, seated on the curb. \"Where's Jason and Deisha?\" she asked. \"They went on ahead.\" Atreyu explained. \"I wanted to wait for you.\" He stood up and offered her his hand. \"Can I walk you home?\" She smiled. \"Like you need to ask.\" She took his hand and they walked together quietly for about a block before he noticed something was on her mind. \"Everything alright?\" \"Huh?\" \"You've just been pretty quiet.\" \"Oh yeah I'm fine. I was just thinking.\" \"About what?\" \"About something Iole said.\" \"Miss Tipp? What did she say?\" Adair paused. She couldn't pass up this opportunity. \"She said you should buck up and just propose already.\" There it was. His face turned red as a tomato and his dark eyes went wide. \"Propose? But we're still in high school! I thought you wanted...\" He frowned when he saw her smirking at him, trying to stop herself from laughing outright. \"You were teasing again. You should stop that.\" \"Or what?\" She dared him. \"Or this.\" Without warning he let go of her hand and assaulted the sides of her ribs with his fingers. She dropped her bag and flinched reflexively as he tickled her. She pulled away and ran ahead of him, but he was right behind her, then in front of her. He was easily faster than her. She ran around one of the lamp posts that lined the street to put a barrier between them. They circled it, he trying to get around it to her while she tried to evade him. They wore mischievous grins as they tried to outmaneuver each other. She made a break for it, but he had her wrist before she could make it. She pulled against him with all of her weight and they both tumbled into the grass by the sidewalk, laughing like children. They lay side by side and stared up at nothing in particular. He wedged his arm beneath her so he could put his hand on her shoulder. \"So what did she really say?\" He pressed again. \"She's just being god-motherly. She was asking me about how things were going with us.\" \"And that's what has you so quiet?\" \"Well no... It's not really what she said, it was the way she said it. She wants me to make sure that what we have is the real thing.\" Atreyu nodded, though he seemed confused. \"So what did you say?\" \"I didn't really say anything.\" \"What do you think? Are we real?\" Yes is what she wanted to say. It was right on the edge of her tongue. So why didn't she? \"Adair?\" \"Why are you so concerned?\" \"I'm not. I know what we have is real. I just want to make sure you do.\" She grinned a sly grin. \"Then why don't you show me.\" His dark eyes were serious. Everything about life, even the things that seemed small or trivial to her seemed to carry great weight to him. It was always life or death it seemed. He leaned forward and kissed her. It was without reservation, but it was also gentle and calm. She kissed him back and as she did she wondered why she had let what Iole said bother her. The silly old dragon-lady was probably just- Dragon? What dragon? Iole? Why would I...? \"Adair, are you alright?\" He looked embarrassed. \"Was I too forward?\" \"No.\" She shook her head. \"Was it not... as good for you?\" \"No, it's always good. You're always good.\" She smiled and tried to shake away the strange thoughts that were troubling her. \"Always feels like the first time.\" First time? When was our first kiss? As she tried to pull the memory into focus, she saw a grand white tower reaching into the heavens, as tall as a mountain and as great as a whole city. In that tower was a room with a glittering ceiling, dark blue like the night sky with glimmering crystals meant to look like stars. It was a beautiful place, one that she didn't remember visiting. Yet she could see herself and Atreyu dancing there on the floor. They were surrounded by strange characters, people and creatures out of fairy tale. He was pulling her close and kissing her. That was their first kiss. As she focused, she saw more. A strange creature with the head of a lion and pearly pink and white scales, and eyes that shone like rubies. There were three knights in golden armor, purple buffalo, strange furry creatures with baby blue eyes that breathed fire and liked to play in meadows, there were sprites and nature spirits, elves, giants made of rock, witches, dragons, gnomes, a fairy with chestnut eyes and a dress made from autumn leaves. They were real. She and Atreyu were in the middle of it. This was where they had met. This was where they had fallen in love and shared their first kiss. It was here in this magical land. And this land had a name. \"Fantasia.\" She whispered. Atreyu frowned. \"What?\" \"Fantasia.\" she repeated, louder this time. How could she have forgotten? \"I have to go back!\" She fought to get to her feet. He was hanging onto her. \"Adair, what's wrong?\" He asked urgently. He got to his feet and tried to pull her with him. \"Come with me. You're not well. Let's get you home.\" \"That's not my home. Those aren't my parents. My parents died ten years ago.\" \"What are you talking about? You just talked to them this morning!\" Whether he was angry or frightened she couldn't tell. He was worried about something, that was certain. \"No! I have to get out of here. Where's Jason? Where's Iole? She'll know what's going on.\" \"Jason is heading to my house with Deisha to work on their project. Iole's probably at school grading papers.\" She shook her head frantically. \"No she's not. She's in Fantasia! They all are! I have to get back there and help them!\" Something in the air was changing the clearer things became. It was as if she were stripping away the wallpaper of this false world, this stage play that had been put on for her. Bit by bit the sky fell away. She watched as it split down the middle all the way to the ground. What was behind the curtain was dark and uncertain, but it was a way out. She took a step toward it, but Atreyu, or what she had believed was Atreyu took a firm hold on her wrist. \"I don't understand. Isn't this what you wanted? Isn't this better?\" She looked into his eyes and smiled sadly. She felt tears in her eyes as she thought about the parts of this world that she had liked. Jason was happy here, Deisha was happy, she and Atreyu had a future together. Her parents were part of her life here. She was grateful she had told her parents she loved them this morning because she knew she was never going to see them again. \"It's wonderful here.\" She admitted. \"But it's not real.\" She turned again, but he persisted, still pulling her back. \"Please stay here. Forget Fantasia.\" She wrenched her hand free again. \"Now I don't have any doubts. Because the Atreyu I love would never say that.\" With the last of her doubts whisked away, the illusion was dispelled. It shattered all around her like glass. But what she saw on the outside was not Fantasia. She couldn't see anything. There was only darkness. She turned her head this way and that, but could see no one. She tried to move, to find a way out, but she found she couldn't. Something was holding her. Her feet felt so heavy. You just couldn't be happy could you. She could hear a voice, but she didn't know where it was coming from. It sounded more like it was in her head, or being whispered right into her ear. It was low, but it was female. You're such a strange child. The voice whispered. Tell me, do you enjoy your misery so much? Then Adair saw what lurked in the darkness. It was a woman, shrouded in shadow. Her long black gown billowed around her like smoke, as did her pale hair. It glowed softly like moonlight. She might have been called beautiful if not for her eyes. They were the color of flame with black slits in the middle. Everything wrong with the world; hate, jealousy, apathy, greed, all seemed to exist in those smoldering eyes. Worse yet, they were eyes Adair had seen before. \"You...\" her voice came out hoarse and weak. She felt more fear in the presence of this woman... this thing than she had ever felt before. And Adair was one who had let fear rule her for a decade. \"You're the one the Circle of the Night serves... The Manipulator. Who are you?\" A hideous smile twitched at the corner of the woman's lips. I have many names, and I come from many worlds. I exist wherever there is darkness. She moved around Adair, circling her. She didn't walk, but rather she floated. Her dark gown and white hair floated with her. The way she moved reminded Adair of a corpse drifting in water. As you've seen, I exist plenty in vessels such as these. She waved her ghostly fingers, and the darkness around Adair receded. There were others now. She could see Nag, Thoth, and Fay. Yet it was not them. Their eyes were blank like a doll's. In that respect, Fay was much the same as she was on the outside. There were others as well. She saw Heremoor, both as the knight who had betrayed her and as the wolf she feared. Chember the Butcher, the Witch Shadeseeker, everyone she had met in Fantasia whose hearts were poisoned with darkness. But I also reside in places you have not guessed. As she drifted around in a circle, Adair turned with her, as though the only movement she was allowed was what the specter wanted her to see. The darkness peeled back again and Adair could see others. But these were the faces of people she loved. Jason, Iole, Deisha, Rosemary, Brian, Jamie, even Atreyu. Adair shook her head in disbelief. \"No. That's not true.\" Oh but it is. She drifted in front of her this time. I even exist here. This time the shadows pulled away from the specter herself. But it was not the white haired woman standing there when they did. Adair's own face stared back at her. Her own face with those flame colored eyes. Adair felt her knees shaking. Tears began to streak down her face. \"No.\" Yes Adair Alicia Artemis. Your heart is rich with darkness. \"You're lying! I'm not like you! I've never done anything wrong!\" She knew she wasn't perfect, but Adair had never considered her heart to be dark. Oh no, quite right. You did worse than wrong. You did nothing. Nothing. When Adair heard that word, a lifetime of mistakes started to flash before her eyes. So many times she could see now that others had reached out to her and she had pushed them away. There had been others who had needed her to reach out to them, or just share kind words. She had ignored each and every one. She fell to her knees then. Sloth is a terrible sin Adair. One you have wallowed in like a pig in filth. Something was digging at her now, piercing her flesh. She looked down and was overcome with horror. Black vines were entangling her legs and binding her arms. Their thorns cut into her and she felt her blood begin to trickle. They moved on their own, snaring more and more of her. In no time at all they were tightening around her neck. And you have done so for ten years. And now there's nothing you can do. \"I wouldn't say nothing.\" There was a new voice in the darkness now. With that voice came a light. It was a small voice, calm and youthful. With what little movement the vines afforded her, Adair turned her head toward the light. Standing in the middle of it was a small girl in an ample white dress that gleamed in the light. Her hair was as white as snow and fell around her shoulders. She looked no older than ten, but there was wisdom and serenity in her golden eyes. \"Moon Child.\" Adair breathed. The Childlike Empress of Fantasia was here. \"Still up to your old tricks.\" Moon Child said with a smile. The specter had returned to her shadowy white haired form. As are you I see. \"You have no right to be here.\" Moon Child said, and it was almost eerie how calm she was in the face of overwhelming evil. \"So you should leave while you still can.\" You and your kind are always so quick to remind me of what I can and cannot do. The dark woman said with a sneer. Be that as it may, this is Adair's heart. Right or no, I exist here. There is darkness in every human heart. The woman raised her arms and Adair shuddered in pain. She was pulling the vines like marionette strings, and they were tightening around her. And as you can see, she prefers it here in the dark. The Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes lowered her gaze to Adair and spoke to her in that mild childlike voice. \"Adair, is that true?\" \"I can't...\" Adair cried in despair. \"I can't get free.\" \"That's not what I asked. I asked if you prefer it in the dark.\" Adair couldn't speak. What could she say? Of course she didn't wish to remain in the darkness. But as the woman in black had just shown her, she had chosen it a long time ago. She wasn't strong enough to leave it. Couldn't Moon Child see that? She looked to her with pleading eyes. \"It's true Adair, there is darkness in every human heart. But there is also light. The one that wins is the one you choose.\" \"But I can't! Don't you see I can't?!\" She sobbed. Moon Child's wasn't phased. She smiled calmly. \"Yes you can. I've seen you do it before.\" Through her tears, Adair smiled bitterly. \"When? When have I ever cared about anything but myself?\" \"Think about it.\" The confidence in those golden eyes gave her the courage to try. Adair closed her eyes and tried to remember. It was so much harder to remember the good than it had been to recall the bad, but remember it she did. There had been light in her life. There had been love. Her parents had loved her. Even though they were no longer with her, they had loved her. Rosemary loved her even though they argued. Her cousin Lizzie loved her unconditionally as only a small child can. Even though they teased and taunted her, Bryan and Jamie loved her as well. Iole claimed to be impartial and distant, yet she had watched over her and protected her all these years. Was that not love as well? Jason loved her and had been her loyal friend even though it hurt him sometimes. Atreyu loved her and had taught her how to love. He had helped her remember that she carried love in her heart for each and every person in her life. The more she concentrated on it, the more warmth she felt flood into her. The light and the dark was equal in this space now, but the dark was struggling to hang on. The vines were writhing and the thorns still pierced her, but their grip was beginning to slacken. If your heart is filled with so much light, the woman spat the word like acid into Adair's ear. If you care for this mortal so much, then why did you keep the ring of betrayal? The ring that would have bound you to me and my servants? The ring through which your beloved now seals his fate. She felt the vines tighten again. That thought had weighed on her for such a long time. She had thought about throwing the ring away multiple times. Why had she only managed to cast it aside at the end when it was too late? \"I kept the ring because... I was afraid.\" \"Afraid of what, Adair?\" Afraid for yourself. You were afraid of being trapped in Fantasia, that place you profess to care for now. \" At first yes.\" She admitted. \"But then I started to trust Atreyu. Then the other feelings started to come and I was afraid of them. I was afraid of opening my heart to anyone. I didn't think anyone could love me.\" \"And do you still feel that way?\" She focused on all those that loved her and thought on how much she loved them, how strong and safe she felt with them. She remembered what she had said to Atreyu. That when she was with him, the bad things didn't simply vanish, but she felt strong enough to beat them. And the more love she gave away, the more it seemed filled her life. That is why it was the Strongest Magic. Unlike any other magic, it could create something from nothing, and it would only grow from there. It could even take a broken soul like hers and make it into something stronger. \"I know I'm not perfect.\" She said, her voice still hoarse, but more resolute this time. \"And I know I still have a long way to go. But I want to try.\" The light was growing brighter. Now it wasn't just coming from Moon Child, but from herself as well. \"This feeling that I have, I want to share it with everyone.\" Much like the false world she had just left behind, the darkness began to break. The woman in black shrieked with rage, pointing a long shadowy finger at Moon Child. You! You haven't won yet! Your realm will fall to me or be destroyed! I will erase you forever, you hear me?! I hate you! I HATE YOU! Moon Child's smile only grew. \"Hate me all you like, but it's Adair, not I who is casting you out. Your power means nothing in the presence of the Strongest Magic.\" The vines began to whither into dust and Adair felt she could move again. The woman in black clamped her ice cold hand onto her shoulder, compelling her to look into those nightmarish eyes once more. You and I aren't done. Do you hear me? Never. Before this is over I will prove that your \"strongest magic\" is nothing. Then your heart will be as black as mine. The creature shrieked as the light closed in on her, and then she was gone. \"I'm afraid you haven't seen the last of her.\" Moon Child said sadly. \"She won't rest until everyone is as miserable as she is.\" \"Who was she?\" \"It doesn't matter. What matters is that she only has as much power as you let her have.\" Adair nodded. \"I promise, I won't let her back in. I don't want to go back to that.\" \"I know. You're a kind person Adair, even if you don't know it. That is why I chose you to be my mirror.\" She was still unsure of what that meant, but at the moment she was just grateful to the Empress for reminding her of what she had fought so hard for. The light was growing ever brighter, and with it she could feel herself being pulled back to where she needed to be. She looked back at Moon Child. \"So are you still...\" \"Asleep? Yes.\" \"Then how do I wake you up?\" \"With the Strongest Magic.\" \"But I've already found it.\" \"You have.\" Moon Child nodded. \"True love is the most powerful magic of all. But it comes in many forms.\" \"Which one will set you free?\" She smiled, but there was sadness in her eyes. \"Pure love. But beware. A pure love is only created by great sacrifice.\" She looked around at the still growing light and smiled as she started to fade from view. \"Looks like it's time for you to go.\" \"Wait!\" She called. \"Moon Child, what do you mean by great sacrifice? Whose sacrifice?\" \"That's something you can only discover for yourself. Don't worry. I'll be with you until the very end. We all will.\" Adair started forward and Jason jumped back in surprise. \"Moon Child, wait!\" She reached forward, still half asleep. \"Moon Child?\" Jason asked. \"You saw her?\" She shook her head and rubbed her eyes. She felt like she'd been sleeping for a long time. She didn't know where she was. All she knew was that she was cold. \"Well look who's finally awake.\" It was Iole's voice, but Adair couldn't see her. She looked down and realized why she was so cold. They were flying on Iole's back at a reckless speed. \"What happened?\" She asked in a haze. \"Where's Atreyu? I need to talk to him. Where are we?\" Jason scooted forward and steadied her. He didn't answer her at first, but instead put his arms around her. She didn't know why he was hugging her so tightly, but that didn't stop her from hugging him back. \"Adair I'm so sorry. I didn't know.\" \"What are you talking about?\" He pulled away. There was a mix of sadness and fear in his eyes. \"It was my fault. It was Atreyu's idea, but I went with it. I don't know what he said to you but it was all a lie to get you out of Fantasia. He was trying to protect you.\" \"What?\" She focused and recalled the last time she'd spoken to Atreyu, the real Atreyu. Then she remembered the heart breaking things he'd told her. The pain she'd felt at his declaration that he no longer loved her had nearly broken her beyond repair. Now Jason was telling her it wasn't true. She smiled as she felt her hope being renewed. \"Where is he?\" \"Listen.\" Jason kept his hand on her shoulder as if he were afraid she was going to fall. \"He made a deal with them. With the Circle of the Night. He found your ring. He made them give us a way home, and a way for you to forget him. That was the water I gave you. I'm so sorry. I thought...\" He bit his lip. \"It doesn't matter what I thought. It was wrong, and I'm sorry. After I broke the curse, you fell asleep.\" That must be when I was in that dream world. She realized. \"Where's Atreyu?\" She asked again. He shook his head sadly and the fear in his eyes only grew. \"With them.\" He answered. \"That was the deal they made.\" She punched Jason in the arm. \"How could you let him do something so stupid! What's wrong with you!\" He took the blow passively. In truth he believed he deserved it. \"I didn't know. Iole was the one who figured it out. We've been looking for him. A friend of yours told us where to find the Seeker's castle.\" \"A friend?\" \"Yeah. I didn't recognize her. Do you know anyone named Matilda?\" She shook her head. \"No. I don't know any Matilda. What did she say?\" \"She said they were hiding in a castle east of the sun and west of the moon. But if there's one thing they're good at, it's hiding. We've been flying for over a day now and we haven't found it.\" \"You might want to rephrase that Jason.\" Iole interrupted. \"I don't know what you went through while you were sleeping Adair, but it must have been powerful. Look there.\" They stared out as Iole flew over a mountain range. In the midst of the mountains, they saw a place caught halfway between daylight and nightfall. The sky around it flickered back and forth from dusky purple to the orange light of dawn. At its core they saw an elaborate castle made from white crystal and black obsidian rock. Its towers were twisted and its turrets bent at odd angles. They had found the Circle's lair. Iole was not one to waste time and for once Adair was grateful for her gut wrenching speed. She couldn't imagine how Atreyu must have suffered. She'd been asleep for over a day Jason had said. That was far too long for the one she loved to be at the mercy of the likes of them. She had no talisman around her neck, no powers, no plan, but no matter what she was getting him out of that place. \"No, no, that's all wrong.\" Nag grimaced as he shoved Atreyu back to the ground. \"He won't do anything I want him to. Are you sure your spell's working Fay?\" The other Witch looked to their slave on the ground with contempt. \"It's working as well as it can Nag. That doesn't change the fact that no matter what I do to his mind, he will never really believe you're Adair. Their bond is too strong.\" \"Well that's no fun.\" Nag kicked the boy in the ribs, knocking his breath from him. He didn't fight back. He had no strength left in his body. He had worn it out all day trying to resist the dark magic the Witches had been using on his mind. They had made been trying to make him see and believe things to bend his will. He'd managed to retain his will so far, but he didn't know how much longer he could hold out. \"Come on Fay, playing with his head was your idea. Now think of something.\" \"Perhaps if we try someone else he loves, but not as strongly. Someone he's not familiar with.\" \"Anyone you have in mind?\" The corners of Fay's porcelain white lips twitched into a faint grin. \"His mother perhaps?\" Nag giggled with fiendish delight. \"Oh good one! Then he'd do whatever I told him to, and like it!\" They didn't care if Atreyu heard what they planned to do to him. In fact they seemed to take pleasure in the fear it instilled in him. Moreover they loved reminding him that there was nothing he could do about it. The doors of the \"playroom\" opening signaled Thoth's arrival. \"Well how is the test subject adjusting?\" \"He's a stubborn one.\" Nag admitted. \"But Fay just came up with a wonderful idea. She's going to make him think I'm his mother. Thoth stroked his chin thoughtfully. \"Interesting. Very interesting. M'dear, how do you come up with these delectable scenarios?\" \"Natural talent.\" Fay replied dryly. Thoth thought to himself for a moment. The ambient light from the crystals reflected off his glasses so that his eyes couldn't be seen. He grinned the most devilish smile Atreyu had seen yet as he looked down at him. \"Oh-ho brilliant! Fay M'dear, you've just given me the most wonderful idea if you're willing to try another experiment. How would you like to test a little nature vs. nurture?\" Fay folded her arms. \"I'm listening.\" \"We've been given a golden opportunity here to study a real Fantasian hero, the very manifestation of chivalry, bravery, and all that humankind deem as noble and good. But it had to come from somewhere after all. Where do suppose it came from?\" \"According to his story, his upbringing made him good, experience made him brave.\" \"Precisely. Now if we were to say take those away, would the heroic traits remain? Might they even be molded?\" \"Are you suggesting what I believe you are?\" \"Think about it, a hero made from scratch that we can teach to think like we do? We just might completely alter the preconceived notions of humanity with a hero like that. It's worth a try is it not?\" Once more, the ghost of a grin floated across Fay's lips. \"And just how far back should we set the dial?\" \"I would suggest six. It would save us the whole mess learning to walk and talk yes?\" \"My studies suggest that two years old is the most critical time in a child's learning development.\" Fay said coldly. \"If we wish to instill any lasting influence, we should start there.\" \"Oh that's going a bit far don't you think? What about four? That's a fair compromise, no?\" Nag leered down at Atreyu with a smile that showed all of its jagged teeth. \"How exciting.\" It hissed. \"Then I could be your mommy for real.\" Moving at this stage was excruciating, but Atreyu let his fear fuel him as he bolted for the door. Taking his memories, his life, and then molding it from the beginning to their liking was something he could not allow. The cruelty was unimaginable. He got as far as the door, then he felt himself yanked backwards so hard he fell on his back. The shackles of his contract had reappeared, and this time they were fastened to lengths of chain that Nag held in its claws. \"Oh don't be like that. Being a family will be fun!\" The monster crooned as it dragged a struggling Atreyu across the floor. \"You'll see, we'll do it all! We'll teach you how to lie, cheat, steal, kill, ooo I can't wait to teach you your first curse!\" \"Yes, yes,\" Thoth waved Nag to follow him. \"All in good time. For now let's get him strapped into the machine. I'll handle the changes to his body. Fay I'll leave his memories to you. You can keep them all for your studies.\" Atreyu fought against his restraints, but it was no use. His contract held strong. He had willingly traded his life to them for their help. Now it was theirs to do with as they pleased. The ambient crystal lights flashed to a dark purple for an instant. The Witches exchanged glances. This meant something to them. An alarm? Fay reached her hand toward the wall and a strange book floated to her fingers. Atreyu couldn't make out the cover or the title. She opened it and scanned its pages. When she stopped reading, she looked up at her associates. \"We have a problem.\" \"Oh what is it now?\" Nag moaned. Fay read aloud from the book. \" She had no talisman around her neck, no powers, no plan, but no matter what she was getting him out of that place.\" \"Adair?\" Nag questioned. \"Impossible!\" Thoth cried. Fay held the book out to them so they could see the written word for themselves. \"She's on her way here with Jason and Iole.\" The mention of Iole's name made Nag shiver in fear. Thoth let out a sigh at the inconvenience. \"At a time like this? Really, the lack of courtesy these days.\" He turned back to resume leading Nag as though nothing had changed. \"It's your experiment Fay. You deal with it.\" He snapped as he and Nag dragged Atreyu away. Iole swooped over the turrets of the castle. Her two riders could feel her form shifting beneath them. \"Hang on!\" she warned. She came over the walkway along the upper towers of the castle and shrank back to her other form. Jason and Adair leaped off her back just in time. They landed in a crouch and quickly got back to their feet. Jason drew his sword with one hand and led Adair by the other. They sprinted for the interior of the castle. Iole kicked the double doors open. \"When we find them, leave the Witches to me. You two just worry about getting Atreyu out of here. Got it?\" They had barely taken a step inside when Jason felt their luck change again. \"Look out!\" He lifted his lucky blade just in time to block a heavy spiked morningstar before it could swipe Iole's head from the side. Dawn, who had been waiting in ambush pressed his advance on Jason who sloughed off the man's attack. Just as he did, twin daggers shot from the darkness at Adair as Star joined the surprise attack. Adair barely dodged, and Iole didn't let the woman get any closer. \"What are you two doing here?\" The dragon girl spat. \"Same as before.\" Star replied, moving to her lover's side. \"You?\" \"Same as before.\" Iole shot back. \"Then you know how this ends.\" Dawn growled. \"Our quarrel is not with you. To engage us would be to break your precious rules.\" Adair and Jason exchanged nervous glances, remembering how Iole's protocol had cost them the last time they'd run into Dawn and Star. She looked back at the two of them and winked one of her crystal blue eyes. \"Funny thing about me and rules.\" She dropped into a fighting stance, and when she held out her arms they became hardened with white scales and sharpened with claws. \"I've never really cared for them.\" In one motion she swept her leg in a circle, crossing the floor and kicking both Dawn and Star back against the wall. \"Get moving you two!\" She ordered. Then without warning she breathed a wave of fire at the floor beneath them. Adair and Jason squinted their eyes and covered their faces against the heat. When the flames stopped, they saw Iole ball her claws into a fist and raise it high over her head. Like a great hammer she brought it down on the heated floor, shattering it beneath them. All they could do was hold onto each other and scream. Dawn and Star glowered as they got to their feet. \"Are you mad White Dragon?\" Star cried. \"You're breaking cosmic laws by interfering with us.\" \"Dragon?\" Iole asked coyly. \"Where? I don't see a dragon. It's just the two of you and little old me here.\" \"I doubt your masters will see it that way.\" Iole shrugged. \"Some rules were made to be broken.\" Dawn hefted his morningstar with a smile. \"Very well. It will be our pleasure. I've always wanted to fight a dragon.\" After they had landed, Adair and Jason had taken off at a run as if nothing had changed. They were frantic to find Atreyu and leave this place far behind them. The entire castle reminded them exactly of the ones who claimed it, a twisted sight that made one sick to look at. \"Adair, I think we're going in circles.\" Jason pointed to the wall. \"I definitely remember this painting.\" Adair took a break from her mad dash down the hall. \"How can you tell? They're all disgusting.\" \"Yeah, but this one actually reminded me of my old math teacher.\" She squinted at it and found she couldn't deny he was right. They didn't know where they were going. All the corridors looked the same, but they had definitely been in this one already. Who knew how many times they had passed it? \"Then how do we find them?\" \"You don't.\" Both of them sighed when they heard Fay's voice as she drifted silently into view around the corner. \"This castle was made to hide that which no one wants found. Entering it to look for something only ensures that every step you make takes you farther from it.\" Adair glowered at her from across the hall. \"Then we'll just make you take us to him.\" \"With what power?\" Fay asked coldly. \"You gave up the Glory. Remember? And Jason doesn't know how to use it.\" The Witch held out her hands, and before their eyes the crystal walls seemed to slither, like they were shedding their skin. \"Feeling frightened?\" She asked as the crystal began to pile on the floor and take shape. It became two mounds on either side of her that began to grow legs, then a head, then claws and fangs. The crystal shaped itself into two giant cat-like monsters with razor sharp claws and fangs. They both had long jagged tails that swished back and forth with cruel barbs on the end. Fay raised her hands to her side. Her night black hair writhed around her like it had been caught in a wind. \"Or angry?\" She asked as a red glow surrounded her fingers. \"It makes no difference to me.\" Jason stepped in front of Adair and lowered his blade casually. \"I've got this.\" With slow careful steps he walked towards the Witch and her monstrous pets. She signaled to them and they bounded toward him, claws extended and jaws agape. \"Timing.\" He muttered to himself. \"It's all in the timing.\" He waited until they were halfway to him then broke into a run. At the last moment, just when they made to pounce on him to tear him to shreds, he swung his blade in front of him. It cut through their crystal bodies easily, slicing both of them cleanly in half. They fell to the floor and shattered. He raised his eyes to meet Fay's. \"That one was for Falkor.\" She rolled her eyes and lifted her hands, ready to throw her prepared spell. Adair and Jason had both directed enough anger at her, she had the power to burn him where he stood. She raised her hand and flung her fingertips toward him. Nothing happened. She looked to her hands in confusion and found that her spell was no longer ready. Somehow it had vanished. \"Is this what you're looking for?\" Adair asked, and for the first time she saw Fay's eyes go wide with shock. Between both of her hands, Adair had a spell of her own. The familiar gold and purple light was shining from her hands. \"How are you doing that?\" She asked, for once showing actual fear. Her eyes darted from Adair to Jason. It was true, AURYN still hung from his neck. So where was Adair's power coming from? \"That's not possible.\" Adair gritted her teeth together and smiled. \"What you know about magic could fit in a thimble.\" She released the spell which passed harmlessly through Jason, but blasted the little Witch right off her feet. Her black and white stockinged feet flew over her head. She flew like a rag doll and slammed into the wall behind her. She fell in a heap and lifted her eyes painfully back to Adair. Now she understood. \"The strongest magic.\" She muttered. Before the two of them could make another move, she pressed the palm of her hand against the wall. A magic circle of purple light appeared behind her. She passed through it and was gone. \"Great.\" Jason cursed. \"Now how are we going to find Atreyu in this fun-house?\" He looked to Adair with concern. \"So you got your powers back?\" \"I think so.\" \"How do you feel?\" \"Strong. Really strong. Like I'm going to find him and tear apart anyone who gets in my way.\" Jason cringed. \"I don't know if that's awesome or scary. So, any ideas?\" \"One.\" She replied. \"My magic is coming from my wish to find Atreyu. I think it can lead me to him too.\" \"But even if we knew where he was, you heard what she said. Every hall we turn down takes us further away from our goal.\" She called another wave of light into her hand and Jason wisely stood aside as she stepped up to the wall. \"Then we won't use hallways.\" And with that, the wall shattered before her. \"Adair.\" Atreyu whispered. He didn't know how much time he had left. He wanted his last real thoughts to be of her. \"Oh don't worry. In a few minutes you'll forget all about her.\"Nag declared with glee as it finished securing his wrists and ankles to the long wooden slab they had dragged him to. \"There, strapped in all nice and tight. Don't worry, you won't feel a thing.\" The creature turned to Thoth. \"He won't feel anything will he?\" \"Don't be daft. It will be excruciating.\" Thoth replied as though Nag had asked a ridiculous question. \"Why else would you need to strap him in?\" Nag turned back to Atreyu and shrugged. \"Oh well. Guess I lied. You'll find I do that a lot.\" \"Quickly Nag, fetch my tools. I want us ready when Fay returns.\" As if the mention of her name had been a summons, a magic circle of purple light appeared on the floor, and out of the light stumbled Fay looking haggard. \"What the devil happened to you?\" \"Remember when I said we had a problem?\" She rasped. A crash that seemed to shake the castle itself re-enforced Fay's meaning. \"That sounded like my room.\" Nag complained. \"She's closing in fast.\" Fay explained. \"We don't have much time.\" \"But how? She has no magic left. How is she able to... to...\" Thoth stammered. Even in their apparently dire circumstance, Fay smirked at him. \"How do you think?\" \"There's no time for this!\" Nag shrieked. \"Hurry!\" The trio faced the wall together and joined hands. Shadows began to swirl around them and then take shape. Long thorny vines and branches ghosted into being around them, ready to ensnare the incoming onslaught. The wall in front of them started to glow and tremble. The crystal began to crack. Then the fissure gave way to a tidal wave of light. It was met head on with a wave of blackthorn vines. A short time ago this spell would have worked. But Adair was much stronger now. They could no longer trap her with her fears or regrets. She had something greater on her side. The fragment of the Forest of Thorns withered like dead plants against the sun. Before they knew it, the Circle of the Night found themselves beaten hard against the opposite wall. Their insides churned and heaved like they had been struck hard in the stomach by a battering ram. Atreyu could barely move his head, he was bound so tightly, and he was weak from all he had endured in this terrible place. He squinted against the light. For a moment he believed he saw an angel emerging from it. What he saw when the light cleared was far greater to him, and yet it broke his heart all over again to see her. \"Adair.\" He called weakly. When her eyes landed on him they flooded with a mix of horror, relief, and anger. She rushed to his side. \"Jason! Help me get these things off of him!\" Jason was right behind her. Atreyu shook his head. \"No. You were supposed to go home. You shouldn't be here.\" \"Funny how we never get a thank you Choir boy.\" Jason grimaced. Atreyu smiled, realizing that only a few short moments ago he believed he would never have cause to smile again. \"Adair.\" He struggled to speak as they unfastened the restraints. \"I want you to know... everything I said at the tower. I didn't mean any of it.\" The last of the bonds came undone and Adair placed both her hands on his face and kissed him, holding onto him like she believed he would disappear. \"Don't worry. I'll yell at you for being an idiot when we get out of here.\" \"Oh but he won't be going anywhere.\" Thoth drawled. He and his companions had gotten back to their feet. Adair held out her hand. \"Don't come any closer!\" This time, now that she was so close to Atreyu, her entire being put out light. The Witches, and even Jason gasped. Floating behind her back were a pair of ethereal wings. Now Atreyu knew it was an angel that had come for him. Her gaze was as hard as the mountains, and she held the Witches back with her will alone. \"You take one step toward us, you die. I'll bring this entire castle down on you before I let you touch him again.\" The Seekers dared not move. They watched Adair as though she were a dangerous wild animal. Thoth tossed Fay a sour glance. \"Happy now Fay? She's finally stronger than us.\" Fay kept her eyes on Adair. \"I'm elated.\" she said dryly. \"Be that as it may, look down.\" Adair kept her hand up, but glanced quickly down at Atreyu and gasped. A collar and manacles had appeared around him. They hadn't been there when she'd first arrived. \"He made a deal with us Adair. And our contract is binding.\" \"He gave himself, body and soul to us to get you home.\" Nag jeered. \"Romantic isn't it?\" \"There is nothing you can do.\" Fay explained calmly. \"He made the choice. He must pay the price.\" \"Adair they're right.\" Atreyu whispered. \"It's my fault. You need to get out of here. Forget me.\" She was undeterred. \"No. I'm getting you out of here.\" \"All that power and you're still just a silly girl.\" Thoth shook his head. \"I assure you, it's impossible. There's no getting out of a contract.\" \"Watch me.\" She reached down and took the iron collar. Her hand glowed ever brighter. The shackles hissed and sparked in protest and Atreyu winced, but he could feel it loosening. Against her will, his contract was losing the battle. In a flash, the collar broke, and the shackles fell from his wrists. \"You'll regret this m'dear.\" Thoth warned. \"Adair.\" It was Fay. \"A promise is a promise. One way or another, it will be fulfilled.\" \"Enough!\" Her voice thundered from her, shaking the chamber and silencing the three of them at once. \"You don't get to call the shots in our life anymore. Your game is over.\" She raised her hand and hurled a spell, but not at them. The light crashed through the ceiling, revealing the sky caught between day and night above them. The moon was shining on this side. \"Jason, now!\" Jason reached into his coat and pulled out a sheet of paper. It was the page Atreyu had given him. He took hold of Adair's hand while she held onto Atreyu. He held the page up to the moonlight. Then all was quiet. The dust began to settle. Nag, Thoth, and Fay coughed and dusted themselves off. But of Adair, Jason, and Atreyu there was no sign. The Witches were silent at first. They looked the ruined chamber over again as if to make sure they weren't hiding or buried under the rubble. The table Atreyu had been strapped to remained completely untouched by the destruction. They were gone. The Circle of the Night exchanged uncertain glances, but as the truth became certain all three began to smile. Then came the worst sound that three Witches such as they could make. Nag, Thoth, and Fay began to laugh.[Chapter 23] A/N: Sorry for the long wait. Between finals and work, I've been violently ill for the last week. I know, terrible excuse. Anyway, a recent reviewer asked me if the story was almost done. As contradictory as it is for a believer of Fantasia to say this in the Neverending Story section, the answer is yes. The story was always meant to be twenty six chapters in keeping with the tradition of the novel. Some of you may have noticed I also began each chapter with the next letter of the alphabet. It's getting tougher to do I'll admit. And I don't even have a helpful character like Xayide to save me when chapter X rolls around. But enough from me. Let's get back to Adair and Atreyu. Thank you again to all those who read this story. You'll never know how much it means to me. Chapter 22: Incomplete Vapid white space was the only thing Adair remembered after the moonlight had touched the page. It had blinded her with its blank white stare and she had shielded her eyes. She had only been aware of holding onto Atreyu with Jason holding a vice-like grip on her hand. But shortly after she had closed her eyes, she had lost them. Her eyes flew open and took in their surroundings. She was lying on her back, staring up at a ceiling that was familiar. Slowly she sat up and looked around. Everything in this room was familiar, but it had been so long since she'd seen it that it had an alien feeling to it. It was like it had belonged to someone else. But this was her bedroom in her Aunt Rosemary's house. She looked down at herself. She was wearing the same black and gray striped shirt and black Capri pants she'd been wearing when she'd come home from school and started reading the book. The book! She looked all around the room. The Neverending Story was no longer on her bed where she'd left it. It wasn't in her room at all. Jason and Atreyu were nowhere to be seen either. Fear shot through her. What if the Circle had lied? What if the page hadn't taken them home at all, but trapped them in another fake world like the one she had dreamed about? But any doubts that this was really Rosemary's house were soon erased. \"Adair?!\" Her aunt swung her door open so forcefully that it bounced against the wall and almost shut on her again. Her brown hair was unkempt and stuck out in all directions. She was wearing sweats and looked as though she hadn't left the house in days. Her eyes had heavy shadows under them. But in spite of that, she was smiling. She'd entered so quickly, yet when her brown eyes met Adair's she stood stock still. Neither of them knew what to say at first. Adair wondered how long she'd been gone from this world, and Rosemary was trying to puzzle out how she'd managed to appear in her room when she'd been waiting all this time for her to return home. She'd even taken to sleeping on the couch so she would hear the front door opening. Rosemary stepped forward slowly, her face halfway between distraught and overjoyed. Then with sudden impulse she threw her arms around her niece and held her tighter than she had in a very long time. \"I've been so worried. Are you alright?\" Adair thought she must have been gone for at least a month. It had certainly felt as long in Fantasia. It must have been for Rosemary to act this way. She'd half expected to be screamed senseless when she saw her again. The other half of her mind believed Rosemary wouldn't have wondered at all if she never came back. She didn't hug her aunt back. Instead she asked. \"Where's Jason?\" \"Jason? He was here yesterday. He wouldn't tell me where you went. He was going on and on about some book.\" Yesterday? Jason had been in Fantasia almost as long as she had. Could it really have been only two days since she'd begun reading? But if it had only been two days, why had her aunt been so worried? Surely two days wouldn't have worried her. \"Where did he go?\" \"I don't know. Adair please tell me what's going on. We can work through it.\" There was an abrupt honk outside that stopped Adair from having to answer. She broke from her aunt's embrace and raced to her window to look outside. Jason's green BMW was in the driveway. She could see him getting out of the car and racing to the front door. He was ringing the doorbell frantically. \"I have to go.\" She rushed past her aunt and down the stairs. She was about halfway down when Rosemary called after her. \"Adair please!\" Rosemary stood at the top of the stairs, leaning on the railing for support. She looked more tired and thin than Adair had ever seen her. \"I'll listen. No matter what it is you have to say, I'll listen this time. I'm sorry about all the times that I haven't. Please just tell me where you've been.\" Adair really didn't know how to respond. Jason had tried to tell her how worried Rosemary had been, but she hadn't believed him. It was then that she realized the truth about their long and largely silent life together. \"Aunt Rosemary... it's not you. It's never been you. I can't explain right now, but I promise I will. There's something really important I have to do right now. You have to believe me.\" Rosemary let out a long breath. She seemed to have been holding it for a long time because she looked almost relieved when she let it out. \"I believe you. When will you be back?\" \"Soon.\" She said at first, then realized it wasn't a fair answer. \"Tomorrow. I promise.\" Rosemary nodded. \"Alright. I'll see you tomorrow. Please be careful.\" \"I will.\" She couldn't wait any longer. She raced down the stairs and flung the front door open. She was surprised to see Jason with his glasses back on his face at first. But when she realized she had returned to the human world exactly as when she'd left, it only made sense. When she looked into Jason's eyes, she knew what was wrong before he'd even said it. \"It's Atreyu.\" Jason had to have broken several laws with how fast he'd driven to reach her house, and several more after they were in the car together. He held her hand tightly the whole way as he drove. He did his best to explain what had happened, though he didn't have a clear idea himself. \"We were supposed to appear where we were before we entered the book.\" Jason told her. That explained why she had come back to her room and not with him. \"Where were you? Where's the book?\" \"After you disappeared I took it to Bastian's house.\" \"Bastian? The crazy old man who gave me the book? That Bastian?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Then where's Atreyu?\" \"Atreyu didn't have a place so he just came out of the book itself. It was weird. At first I thought the pages were falling out. Then the pages just... it was like he was the pages. Then he was there and he looked sick. He fell over and started coughing.\" She felt his hand tighten around hers. \"There was a lot of blood.\" \"Blood?\" Her throat constricted. Atreyu was hurt badly. \"Bastian took him. He sent me to come get you and told me to meet him at the hospital.\" They didn't speak after that. Jason kept on driving until they reached the hospital. When they reached it he was going so fast she'd been afraid they were going to drive right past it. Instead he swerved into the back lot with tires screeching in a maneuver that might have been impressive in other circumstances. He wheeled into an empty space, leaped out and came around to Adair's side of the car before she had even unbuckled from her seat. She couldn't seem to find her footing just yet. Considering the one she loved was in critical condition, she believed she should have been outpacing Jason by a long shot. Instead he was practically dragging her by the hand while she loped after him on unsteady feet. What she didn't take into account was just how heavy reality is. Reality in the human world is far heavier and more absolute than it is in Fantasia. What was worse was that Adair was being reacquainted with a very heavy and all too familiar kind of reality; the reality of losing a loved one. It was this notion that had made her feet feel as though they were made of lead. It was a blur of white uniforms and fluorescent light when they (or rather Jason) blew through the doors to the emergency wing. Nurses and doctors alike didn't notice them at first as they raced to their respective tasks with their soft padded shoes making shuffling noises on the tile. Jason seemed to know which way to go because he led Adair without reservation. He only stopped when a nurse practically tackled the two of them in the hallway. \"Excuse me, you can't be back here.\" She said in the most official tone she could. She seemed to be using every bit of energy in her slight frame to stop Jason from bull-rushing right through her. \"We're here to see someone.\" Jason answered honestly, but not patiently. \"And this is still the emergency wing. Now if you'll follow me to the service desk, I'll set up an appointment.\" \"It's alright, they're with me.\" Adair knew the voice without turning to see who it was. Iole stood behind them in a long leather coat that reached her knees. A gray scarf was secured around her neck. She held a flashy gold badge in her hand. \"These two are with the kid that was picked up on 17th street. They're eyewitnesses to what happened. I needed a statement from them. I'll be requiring one from the victim when he wakes as well.\" \"We'll have plenty of time for that after we make sure he wakes up at all.\" Adair must have made a sound at the nurse's statement because she immediately looked at her with a sympathetic expression. She had clearly worked in the ER long enough to have desensitized herself to the hysterical friends and family of patients. \"I'm sorry. We're doing everything we can. Don't worry.\" She looked back to Iole. \"Am I to assume these two are next of kin?\" \"The boy's his cousin, but the girl is very close.\" Iole breathed the lie as effortlessly as the truth. \"Then I'd appreciate it, Detective Tipp if you could take them to the waiting area with the boy's grandfather. I'll notify you if anything changes.\" \"I appreciate your cooperation.\" \"Detective, have you caught the one that did this to him?\" Iole didn't look back as she began to lead Jason and Adair away. \"Not yet. Why?\" \"It's just that his injuries are strange. It's almost like he's getting more of them. And...\" The nurse bit her lip. Whatever she'd seen was clearly unnerving her. \"It looks more like old scar tissue re-opening.\" Adair felt light headed, and that only made the robotic motion of her weighted feet more difficult. It felt like her head was more of a balloon tethered to the earth by two bricks. \"That's sounds like a doctor's job, not mine.\" Iole snapped. \"I'll keep an eye on these two if you get back there and do your job. Then hopefully I'll have an investigation when you're finished.\" She left the nurse to her duties. They could only hope the doctor overseeing the procedure was not as thrown by the conditions of Atreyu's wounds. Once they were out of earshot, Jason leaned toward Iole to whisper. \"I'm his cousin now?\" \"It had to be at least one of you. Adair wouldn't have been believable.\" \"And since when are you a detective?\" \"I can be whatever I need to be. If I felt like I could do something, I could be a nurse right now. But thanks to the three of you, I'm in a very tight situation. You're lucky I can do this much.\" \"What do you mean the three of us?\" Jason asked indignantly. \"If you want to be mad at someone, be mad at me. I let Atreyu go in the first place.\" Adair only half heard what they were saying. There was a voice playing over and over in her head. It was a voice that had tried to warn her, and now she wished she hadn't dismissed it so easily. \"A promise is a promise.\" Fay had said. \"One way or another, it will be fulfilled.\" Was that why Atreyu had shown up in this world so close to dying? Was it the consequence for breaking his contract? His price had been his freedom, his life. Now that he was free of them, did that mean they would collect by letting him die instead? She had foolishly played right into their hands by escaping with him. Now Atreyu was paying the price. No matter what Jason claimed about where the guilt might lie, that didn't stop her. She knew this was her doing. If Atreyu dies, it'll be because of me. They reached the waiting room and found Bastian sitting alone in one of the chairs. Remarkably enough he really was all alone in the waiting room. This was fortunate because the moment he stood up to greet them, Iole did something very rash. She grabbed the man by the collar of his button down shirt and tossed him against the wall before he had a chance to speak. \"Are you happy now?!\" She growled. \"You've finally done it! He's here where he shouldn't be and now he's dying! On my watch!\" Lost and confused as Adair was, she still found she was capable of surprise when the meaning of Iole's outburst became clear. \"You know each other?\" Iole's grip slackened on the old man and she sighed at her slip. Adair couldn't believe it. More secrets, more threads tying her to Fantasia before she had even opened the book. It was a gut wrenching realization that made Adair feel very out of control. In Fantasia she had felt powerful, capable of anything. Now that she was back in the human world, she felt anything but. She had been manipulated and pulled in this direction by the will of others and now the one she loved more than anything was dying because of her and the control she believed she'd had. She shook her head viciously. \"You're kidding! The whole time? You knew the whole time? You planned this?\" Jason stepped forward with his eyes narrowed and his finger pointed at Bastian. \"You let me sit and talk to a cat for hours!\" Iole and Bastian said nothing at first. \"Answer me.\" Adair demanded. \"We had guesses.\" Iole admitted finally. \"It was a few years after I found you. I knew the Seekers had been involved with what happened to your parents, so I stayed with you in case they tried anything. They didn't. The trail went cold. I went to investigate on my own for awhile. I listened for stories, rumors, anything that would point to an answer.\" \"That's how we met.\" Bastian explained. \"She just wandered into my shop one day and took an interest in the book. I had kept it hidden in my shop for years behind a copy of 'Catcher in the Rye\". No one's reached for that book in a good decade I'd wager.\" \"I could smell the magic on it. It was faint, but it was there. I demanded to know more about it. That's how I learned about Fantasia.\" \"And then you two arranged for me to find it. Is that it?\" Adair surmised, sounding very betrayed. \"No!\" Bastian assured her. \"Please believe me Miss Artemis. I honestly had no idea who you were until the day you found your way into my shop.\" \"Then how?\" She looked back to Iole. \"Did you know about me?\" Iole finally released Bastian and folded her arms. \"I had guesses. Fantasia is a hard world to predict even for me. I stayed with you in case the Seekers or Volrac decided to show themselves again because you needed protection. Then you brought the book home and it was out of my hands. Fantasia had chosen you.\" \"Contrary to what you might think, your destiny has always been your own.\" Bastian stated calmly. \"And your coming to Fantasia could not have happened if Moon Child had not chosen you. Jason, that goes for you as well.\" Though Jason hadn't voiced as much, he'd been friends with Bastian and trusted him for a long time. His doubts about the old man's intentions were now very close to Adair's. \"But the Circle, Volrac, they-\" \"Took advantage of what was going to happen.\" Bastian interrupted her. \"These Witches that Iole calls the Seekers seem to have their ears very low to the ground. Somehow they knew that Moon Child's life had been bound to you. They used that knowledge for their own purposes.\" Iole narrowed her eyes very pointedly at him. \"They weren't the only ones.\" Bastian looked at her with a level gaze over his glasses which she had knocked askew when she'd first entered. \"Iole, I assure you I kept the promise I made to you when you found the book and told me what had happened to it.\" He then looked to Adair and Jason sorrowfully. \"It's my fault there haven't been any humans in Fantasia for so long. Iole charged me with keeping the book safe until she was sure the Seekers had left it. Unfortunately that meant I couldn't allow anyone to read it.\" \"That didn't stop you from trying.\" Iole hissed. \"You didn't think I'd put two and two together when I met Atreyu? You've been reaching out through your books. You've been as obsessed with finishing those stories as he is.\" Bastian didn't waver. \"As I said, I kept my promise to you. But I had another promise to keep for my friend.\" \"And now your friend is dying.\" For the first time since Adair had known him, Bastian's face hardened into a scowl. Not even Jason who had known him far longer had ever seen him make such a face. \"For a so-called protector of the balance, you sure have a bleak outlook. It was Adair's and Atreyu's wish to remain together that brought them this far. It was Adair's wish to save him that brought him here. I may not understand all that you do about this grand and mysterious universe of ours, but I do know one thing. It was done out of love, and that same love can make a miracle happen.\" Iole said nothing for a while and the two kids she'd brought with her were afraid to speak. Bastian had really gotten under her skin and they feared they might set her off if they said the wrong thing. Finally she exhaled sharply through her nose. Adair could swear she saw smoke curling out of her nostrils. \"Are you willing to stake his life on that?\" \"For nothing else.\" Bastian replied resolutely. Iole rounded on Adair and Jason. \"I have to go. They're deciding how we're going to proceed from here.\" She didn't elaborate on just who 'they' were, and she wasn't giving them any room to ask. \"I'll be back soon. In the meantime, try not to screw up any more worlds. Jason, the nurse is coming back for you. Go with her.\" \"Me?\" Jason asked confused. \"What does she want to see me for?\" Iole didn't answer. \"What about me?\" Adair asked. \"When can I see Atreyu?\" \"That's the doctor's call. Bastian, you stay with Adair and don't let her out of your sight, understand?\" Bastian nodded. \"As you wish.\" \"No!\" Adair stomped her foot. She felt like a child. \"I'm not going to sit here while he's in there!\" \"This is out of your hands.\" Iole said firmly. There was no sympathy in her voice. \"Like it or not, you tore up some major rules. Whatever your intentions, humans are meant to go to Fantasia and come back. Not the other way around.\" Without another word she turned heel and stalked from the waiting room. Another moment later, the nurse returned to them and retrieved Jason, still under the impression that he was Atreyu's cousin. She dragged him out, leaving Adair with Bastian. Despite being with the old man, she felt terribly lonely and her heart threatened to beat out of her chest with worry. It made it very hard to breathe. Bastian cleared his throat. \"To be honest, if I never see that woman again it'll be too soon. However did you put up with her all those years?\" \"It was easier when she didn't talk.\" Adair admitted. Bastian laughed. \"What's happening to him?\" She asked. \"I have a theory. I'm sure you know by now, but time in Fantasia is very different in our world. It's never really had a hold on a Fantasian so it doesn't know how to handle him.\" \"Is he getting older or something?\" \"Or something.\" he replied unsure. \"It's possible all his true years could come on him quickly, but at the same time he's never existed as a child here either. Time doesn't really have a starting point for him. I think it's more accurate to say it's trying to find a middle ground. In the meantime his body might be rejecting it. Old wounds are opening up that have long been healed. It's hard to say. This has never happened before. Our two worlds may be connected, but for us it is near, for them it is far.\" She bit her lip and looked away. Bastian sighed and led her gently by her shoulder. He sat down and pulled her into the chair next to him. He placed his weathered old hand over hers. \"He'll be alright. If I know Atreyu, he'll pull through.\" Adair had experienced loss before and everyone always said the same thing. It was hard to believe Bastian's words. \"How can you be sure?\" He smiled with his misty blue eyes. \"Adair, I meant what I said. Your wish was born out of love. You know how powerful that is. Have a little faith in the magic you've found.\" They sat together in silence while she tried to get her heart under control. Bastian waited patiently for her to start breathing regularly again. When she was calmer she asked him a question. \"You and Atreyu were friends weren't you?\" Bastian's eyes took on that distant look she had seen that day in the book shop. \"To this day, he is the most loyal friend I have ever had.\" \"So you were the last human to go to Fantasia before I did. And Atreyu was there? How old were you?\" He thought on it a moment. \"Ten or eleven. Hard to remember really.\" \"Then that means Atreyu has to be...\" She couldn't properly add up the math in her head. She had known about the flux of time in Fantasia, but she just couldn't believe Atreyu had been alive as long as the old man next to her. It was strange even compared to what she'd already gone through. \"How old did he tell you he was?\" Bastian asked. \"Seventeen I think.\" \"Then he's seventeen. He's only as old as his story allows. You see, Atreyu is a young and courageous hero because that is who Fantasia, or more specifically we need him to be. We've always needed heroes like him to teach us how to be brave in our world. I know I did. That's how I came to find my part in the Neverending Story.\" \"What was it like when you went? What was he like?\" Bastian grinned and stood up. He dragged his chair so that it faced her and sat back down. \"If I'm not mistaken Adair, we both have a story or two to share. Why don't I tell you mine, and then you tell me yours.\" Adair smiled for the first time in awhile. \"Alright.\" They sat there for what must have been hours trading tales. In that time there were a few patients here and there. Most didn't pay them any mind. Others stopped to listen to their conversation for awhile and went on to tell whoever they were visiting all about the old man and young lady sharing stories of a magical land as if they had been there. And their stories really were something to hear. Adair was amazed to learn that Bastian had spent not just weeks or months but years in Fantasia before finally returning home only a day after he had left. Some parts were funny to think on, like the fact that Bastian had met Hydorn, Hykrion, and Hysbald when they were still bold and reckless knights. Others gave her chills like the tale of the evil sorceress Xayide who Adair was grateful she never met. She especially loved hearing about the friendship he had shared with Atreyu. She had wondered for a long time about the part Bastian had played in his life, but Atreyu had never shared any of these stories with her. Some parts were familiar to her like how Atreyu had taught Bastian to follow the Way of Wishes. Others made her shudder, like the time that Bastian had let the power of AURYN corrupt him and had nearly killed Atreyu. She remembered the scar Atreyu still carried on his chest. But her heart swelled with pride when he told her of the promise Atreyu had made to finish Bastian's stories which made it possible for him to return home. In spite of all the bad that had happened between them, he had remembered the good and forgiven Bastian in the end and saved him. It sounded just like him, and that made her love him all the more. \"I don't understand.\" She admitted. \"Why didn't he ever tell me any of this?\" Bastian frowned. \"I'm afraid that's something only he can tell you.\" Then he grinned. \"I must say Miss Artemis, you look a pinch younger than the last time I saw you. Your eyes have so much more hope in them.\" She knew he was right. Fantasia had left her changed. She thought about herself and her sadness less. She felt stronger and ready to share the joy she'd found in Fantasia with others. It had been thanks to Atreyu she had found it. It pained her greatly to think of him suffering in the next room without her there to help him. She was about to cry again until Bastian placed his hand on her knee kindly. \"I'm glad he was able to find you. I've always wanted happiness for him. I think he can have that with you.\" She smiled at the old man. She had not known him at all a short while ago, but now felt as close to him as she might a grandfather. Jason returned then, holding his arm and looking drained. Adair rose from her seat. \"What's wrong?\" \"Nothing.\" He replied unconvincingly. \"They can let us see him now, but he's asleep. They don't know when he'll wake up. They think they have him stabilized for now.\" He took her by the hand and led the way to where Atreyu was being kept. As much as Adair had hated being away from him and worrying for his well being, she had to admit seeing him this way wasn't much easier. There in that room, lying propped on voluminous white pillows, Atreyu lay sound asleep. Yet even though his eyes were closed, they looked pained like he was in the midst of a nightmare. His face was drained of its color and his cheeks seemed hollow. Lying in such a state, surrounded by monitors on that great big hospital bed, wrapped in blankets and a hospital robe that was much too large, it made him look so small. He looked so vulnerable it hurt her insides. \"I hate seeing him like this.\" She admitted to Jason. She longed for the Atreyu she knew, the one that had stood with her and plunged into danger on her behalf, the one who had protected her and made her believe in hope and dreams again. \"I just want him back.\" \"If you want to go home I can stay here.\" Jason assured her. Adair shook her head. \"I can't. He was there for me when I was a total wreck. He helped me when I was weak. Here's my chance to do the same thing. That's what you do for the people you love right?\" Jason nodded. \"Alright, then I'll stay with you.\" She looked back at him blankly and he smiled back. \"It's like you said. You do that for the people you love.\" She smiled and hugged him tightly. \"Thank you.\" Bastian cleared his throat nervously. \"Well Iole made it very clear to me I was not to let you out of my sight, so I suppose I'll be waiting with you as well.\" Jason still had his arms around Adair and squeezed her shoulder. \"Don't worry. He'll pull through, and we'll be here when he wakes up.\" They remained in that room with Atreyu as he continued to fight for his life in his anything but peaceful sleep. They sat in the three chairs that lined the room's wall and tried to pass the time. Bastian told stories until he drifted off to sleep. He was an old man after all. The nurse's came in occasionally to check on Atreyu and make sure he was comfortable, but they talked very little. They didn't try to make them leave by reminding them that visiting hours were long over, but they did seem annoyed that they were occupying their patient's room. Adair wondered if Iole had anything to do with their silence on the matter. Jason and Adair talked for awhile but as the day stretched into the night they grew quiet. She pulled her chair to Atreyu's bedside and held his hand, and Jason sat behind her, watching over her silently. He was next to fall asleep. Adair stayed awake long into the night. When the first rays of dawn began to shine through the window, they seemed to tell her eyes how tired she was. She fell asleep with her head on Atreyu's bed and her hand wrapped around his. When Jason and Bastian woke the next morning, they found Adair slumped in sleep beside Atreyu's bed, exhausted from last night's vigil. Jason took a blanket from the closet in the corner of the room and draped it over her shoulders. \"Why don't you take your car and get yourselves some breakfast.\" Bastian suggested, taking a twenty from his wallet and handing it to him. \"Where are you going?\" \"I need to pick up a few things at my home.\" He explained. \"When he wakes, we can't very well take him out of here without a thing to wear now can we.\" They left quietly, and when Jason returned later, Bastian hadn't returned yet and Adair was still asleep. He and Bastian had left around nine o'clock, and now it was almost ten. He set the paper bags of food and two cups of hot cocoa by Atreyu's bedside and shook her gently. She started awake. \"Sorry.\" He apologized. \"I just thought, it's almost ten. Didn't you promise Rosemary?\" She rubbed her eyes. \"I know, I know. But I can't go back yet.\" \"Well you can at least call.\" He reminded her. \"Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him for you.\" Too tired to argue and knowing Aunt Rosemary would be worried if she didn't at least call, she squeezed Jason's arm and hobbled out of the room. Jason took the chair she'd been sitting in and did his best to eat. It surprised him how his appetite had vanished. As he listened to Adair's footsteps fading down the hall, he wondered how nice it must be to have someone to worry about you the way Rosemary did for her. You see, Adair and Jason had been friends for many years by this point, but they had never discussed his own family in depth. It had been a rule they'd agreed on shortly after they'd met. They wouldn't ask about one another's family. He thought about what Adair had said about Rosemary yesterday, and he could see how she hoped to improve things her aunt and cousins now. He was happy for her, but at the same time it reminded him of how much his best friend had changed and grown. He feared, not for the first time that as she grew toward happiness, that growth took her farther away from him. But he couldn't deny she was happier now than she'd ever been. In the end, he knew that was what he really wanted for her. Now he could see the light and warmth in her he'd always known was there but had never been able to reach. And he knew it was thanks to Atreyu. He drew his face close to Atreyu's as he slept and whispered. \"You and me have a lot to talk about when you wake up buddy. So you'd better not go anywhere, or I'll follow your ghost and drag it right back here.\" Atreyu looked a little healthier than he had yesterday. Color was returning to his cheeks, and his brow was no longer creased in pain. And though it was small, Jason could swear he saw him smile. \"No don't worry Aunt Rosemary, I'm fine.\" Adair assured her aunt. Being without her cell phone, She'd gone all the way to the lobby to ask the service desk to use their phone. The nurse had politely informed her that the phone was not for civilian use, but had instead directed her to the hospital's cafe. The staff member there had kindly allowed her to use the phone behind the counter. She was alone in the small cafe save for the counter girl and another visitor sitting at the back table reading a newspaper. \"I'm at the hospital...\" Adair held the phone away from here when that declaration sent a thousand assumptions flying to her aunt's lips. \"No I'm fine, Jason's fine, we're all fine. We're here for someone else... It's complicated, but I promise I'll be home soon.\" She smiled as her aunt collected herself on the other end. \"When I do, I want you to meet someone... alright I will... Aunt Rosemary? I love you.\" The silence that ensued on the other end made her smile again. In spite of her surprise, Rosemary did manage to reply that she loved her niece as well before they said their good-byes and hung up. The moment Adair set the phone down on the receiver she heard a terrible crash behind her. She whirled around to find the staff member lying on the floor with one of the table's overturned next to her. Her brown curls were strewn over her face and she was unnaturally still. She had fallen asleep quite suddenly, and in an effort to steady herself had grabbed the edge of the table, succeeding only in toppling it over with her. Adair lifted her attention to the only other person in the room with them. With a start she noticed the fingers that gripped the newspaper. Their owner had their fingernails polished dark purple. \"So he's alive.\" Fay surmised as she folded the newspaper she'd been pretending to read and set it down in front of her. \"You both made it back safe and sound. Just as I thought.\" \"Adair...\" Jason had been staring off into space when a raspy whisper snapped him back to himself. At first he thought he'd just imagined it, but as he looked back down at the bed, Atreyu was struggling to open his eyes. His eyelids fluttered open a few times, closing again quickly as though the sunlight filtering through the curtain were blinding him. Jason released breath he hadn't realized he had been holding. \"Looks like you're finally coming around. How are you feeling big guy?\" Atreyu's eyes seemed to roll back into his head with dizziness, but he managed a weak smile. \"Big guy? What happened to Choir Boy?\" Jason laughed. Atreyu tried to sit up, but his face contorted with pain from the effort. Jason managed to push him back down with one hand. \"Easy there. Look I know I'm probably not the first face you wanted to see when you woke up, but if I let you fall apart on my watch, Adair will kill me.\" Atreyu breathed deeply and tried to adjust himself on the bed. With some help he managed to sit up. \"Where are we? How long have I been asleep?\" \"Since yesterday. As for where we are...\" he hesitated. \"You're in the human world now buddy.\" Atreyu's dark eyes bulged. \"What?\" He looked down at his hand and held it up. He clenched his fingers a couple times as if to make sure he could still use them. He stared at his hand like it might fade any second. \"How is this possible? Fantasians can't cross into the human world. At least, we're not supposed to. We can't exist here. We fade away.\" \"You almost did.\" Jason admitted. Atreyu's eyebrows knit together as he tried to recall the events that led him here. \"I remember falling... falling onto a wooden floor. Then... pain... in my chest. There was so much blood.\" He looked down at the scar on his chest and found it bandaged. There were other wounds that had been tended as well along his arms and shoulders. \"What happened? I haven't felt this sore since the wind giants threw me into the sea.\" \"You started bleeding. Your old scar re-opened along with some others. The doctors managed to stabilize you.\" \"How?\" Jason hesitated for a moment. \"It wasn't easy. In this world we have something called blood transfusion. When someone loses a lot of blood, someone else can give them some of theirs.\" \"Someone gave me their blood?\" Atreyu seemed to waver between shock and reverence. It seemed the concept was somewhat frightening to him. In truth it reminded him of some vampires he had come across in Fantasia. \"Whose blood did they put in me?\" Jason sighed and rolled back his sleeve. A small band-aid was still in place over the vein the nurse had placed the needle in. Atreyu's eyes grew even wider. \"Iole had to lie and tell them I was your cousin. They didn't know your blood type, so they grabbed me.\" \"And you agreed?\" \"Don't sound so surprised.\" Neither one of them knew what to say. Jason sighed. \"Listen. I know we haven't been on the best of terms since we met, and I'll admit I was jealous of you and Adair. Actually I still am. I can't ignore my feelings for her. But at the same time, I can't ignore how much she's changed because of you. Before all of this happened, she'd walk around like she was half asleep. I was the only person she talked to, and even that was like pulling teeth sometimes. But I knew there was this awesome, fun, kind person underneath all the sadness. I'd catch glimpses of her sometimes, but I could never reach her. Then this happened and she met you, and... I don't know, it was like she finally woke up. You reached her in a way I never could. She's free to be her best self now because of you. If she lost you, I'm afraid she'd go back to the way she was. She'd retreat back inside herself and then I'd never be able to find her again. I couldn't live with myself if I let that happen. So like it or not, you're not going anywhere.\" Atreyu reached out weakly and managed to grab Jason's hand. With what little strength he could afford to use, he squeezed his fingers around it. \"Jason, I could never repay you for what you just did. And Adair is blessed to have you in her life. No matter what has happened between us, know that I will always think of you as though you were my brother.\" Jason shook his head with a small grin. \"Yeah well, that could be the morphine talking. Get back to your old self and then see how you feel.\" \"I mean it Jason.\" \"Okay, okay. So does that make me a plains warrior now?\" Atreyu chuckled. \"If you could hunt with us, I'm sure my people would be honored to let you join them.\" \"So do I get a cool Plains name like Bahzha then?\" Atreyu thought on it. \"My people would probably call you Ahanu.\" \"What does that mean?\" \"It means 'he who laughs'. No matter how dark things get, you have a gift for keeping a light heart.\" Jason pretended to frown. \"I was kind of hoping for something like 'Screeching Eagle' or 'Handsome Tiger'.\" \"But I think that is the best part of you.\" Atreyu said seriously. \"If it hadn't been for you, there wouldn't have been any of the real Adair left for me to find. You kept her alive because of your gift. Don't ever forget that.\" Jason would always admire Atreyu's straightforwardness and his ability to speak his feelings boldly. He smiled. \"Thanks.\" \"What are you doing here?\" Adair asked angrily. \"What did you do to her?\" She pointed to the counter girl who remained on the floor out cold. \"Relax, she'll wake after I leave. I didn't come here for a fight. We're alone now. Nag and Thoth are still in the other world. I'm just here to collect a report.\" \"Report? On what?\" \"You of course.\" Fay replied dryly. \"You've performed miracles now that you've found the Strongest Magic. I'd like you to make a full report. I only have a few questions.\" \"Are you out of your mind? I guess you didn't hear me when I turned your castle into pixie dust. I'm done playing your games.\" Fay's crystal blue eyes were as cold and blank as ever. \"In case you've forgotten, you changed the game. You're back in the human world. You have no power here.\" Adair narrowed her eyes and stared the Witch down. \"Neither do you.\" Fay said nothing which only confirmed Adair's suspicion. \"I've noticed something about you. Your magic relies on emotion to work. But I don't think I've ever seen you cast a spell without someone else' pain or fear to feed on. You prey on the hearts of others for your magic because your own heart is dead. You've ignored it for so long you can't feel it anymore. You're just like your master.\" At that, Fay's eyes flickered for a brief instant. Adair couldn't tell if it was from malice or fear. Either way, she could see in the Witch's eyes that she was right. \"You only have as much power over my heart as I let you have, and I'm not giving you any more.\" \"You owe me you know.\" Fay said flatly. \"What?\" Adair couldn't believe she was serious. \"You're insane.\" \"Without me you never would have found Fantasia. You never would have met Atreyu. Your love is possible because I made it happen.\" Adair shook her head, but she was careful to keep her temper in check. She would not let Fay get under her skin. This was a battle of wills she was going to win. After facing the darkness for whom this Witch was a tool, she was sure she could do it. \"Don't you dare take credit for what me and Atreyu have. You may have led me to Fantasia, but only after helping that monster destroy it by killing my parents. You didn't create our love. If you could do that, you'd have done it yourself already instead of wasting your time watching me and hurting the people I care about. We're done here.\" She turned to leave. \"No.\" Fay snapped, raising her voice ever so slightly. As she did, the door to the cafe swung shut before Adair could leave. \"I have waited ten years for you to reach this point. You will not take this away from me.\" Adair turned her gaze on her sadly. \"You don't scare me. You're just a selfish little girl who will never understand why she is so sad.\" She turned back to the door and opened it. She got three steps out before she her hand was snatched. Fay held her wrist in both of her small cold hands. Her dark hair hung in front of her eyes. \"It's not complete.\" Adair sighed and turned to face her once more. \"What are you talking about?\" \"Your bond.\" Fay explained. \"It's strong. Very strong. Stronger than I thought it could be, but it's still missing something. It's not complete yet.\" Adair paused, suddenly remembering the words Moon Child had told her. She had warned her that even though true love was the most powerful magic of all, only a pure love could set her free. There was still something she and Atreyu had to do before they could end all of this. But what? If Fay had an answer, could she risk losing it? \"What do you want?\" She asked. Fay lifted her face. \"How about a deal? I'll tell you what it's missing. In exchange, you answer just one question.\" Adair pulled her hand away and looked at Fay squarely. \"How can I trust you?\" \"I have no reason to lie. I want this to happen.\" Adair eyed her warily, then folded her arms. \"Deal. Ask your question.\" Fay's request was a simple one. \"What does it feel like?\" Adair didn't have to think hard. \"When I'm with him, I feel stronger. I used to hear that when people fall in love, they get lost in each other and forget everything around them. But that's not true. I don't forget the bad things, I just feel like I can beat them when he's there. And I can see the good so much clearer. He makes me want to be the best that I can be.\" Fay sighed and cast her eyes down at the floor. \"Thank you.\" It was the only sincerity Adair would ever hear from her. \"Now it's your turn. What are we missing?\" \"What you just told me,\" Fay began. \"When did it start?\" \"You said only one question.\" \"Your answer will lead you to mine. Think. When did you start to feel that way.\" This time Adair did have to think. The way she felt about Atreyu was now so much a part of her that it felt like it had always been there. Everything they'd gone through had made her forget how it felt without it. Then she remembered. \"The day I told him about my parents. I've never told that to anyone.\" \"You shared your pain with him. You let him into your heart completely.\" Adair nodded. \"Has he done the same?\" Adair stopped and thought again. Since the day they'd met, Atreyu had protected her, strengthened her, and helped her shoulder her burdens. But she knew he had burdens of his own, pain and fear that only he knew. There were times she could see it in his eyes. Behind the brave warrior she knew him to be, there was a part of him that was as scared and lonely as she had once been. Yet she could not recall a time she had tried to share his pain the way he had done for her. \"There's your answer.\" Fay said, and walked gingerly to the exit, leaving Adair alone in the empty hallway. Once she was gone, the counter girl in the cafe came too. She looked around in a daze, but once she righted the table she had knocked over, she seemed to forget she had just woken up on the floor and went back to her work. Adair thought on Fay's words as she made her way back to Atreyu's room. She knew what she had to do when Atreyu woke. She was to have that chance sooner than she believed. The sound of familiar laughter alerted her as she drew closer to the room. Forgetting herself, she ran to the door and froze when she saw him. Atreyu was awake and laughing with Jason. They both fell silent when they saw her. Adair had believed that after almost losing him, she had emptied herself of all her tears. Yet here she stood with her eyes watering. She threw herself onto the bed, and wrapped her arms around him as she cried tears of joy into his chest. \"You're awake.\" She said over and over, more to herself than to him. \"You're awake.\" He placed his arms around her and ran his fingers through her soft sand-colored hair. \"I'm sorry if I worried you. Thank you for saving me.\" \"You can't ever do that again.\" She sobbed. \"Promise me you will never do that again.\" She felt his embrace tighten. \"I promise.\" As they held each other, Jason got up from his seat wordlessly and let them be alone.[Chapter 24] Chapter 23: Complete Honesty Within the hospital room, the silence between Adair and Atreyu stretched on to almost an hour. At first she was simply glad he was awake, happy to be back in his arms. But as he held her, the memory of Fay's words kept her from being at peace. \"You shared your pain with him. Has he done the same?\" She didn't trust Fay at all, but at the same time she knew the Witch might have been right. There was something missing, some piece they hadn't solved yet because Moon Child was still not awake. Moreover, she recalled vividly how free and strong she'd felt that day after she had lain all of her sorrows bare for him. Shouldn't she want the same freedom for him? She couldn't think of what to say to him. Actually that wasn't true. She knew what she should say. What she found herself lacking was the courage to do so. Perhaps she was afraid of what she would find, or perhaps she worried he would resent her for asking. As the minutes ticked on, the promise of Iole's return and the many unpleasant things it could mean for them loomed ever closer. It was now or never. She had to ask him. He needed to tell her what he had kept buried within him so long. She knew what to ask. Bastian had already given her the answer before she knew she needed it. Now it was time. \"Atreyu.\" She hesitated. He could feel the weight of her mind in the way she spoke. \"What's wrong?\" She pulled away from him and looked him straight in the eye. \"You never told me about what happened between you and Bastian.\" The moment she said it, the look in his eyes pierced deep into her chest like a needle. Something changed in his eyes then, those dark eyes that had seemed like endless pools of unmovable strength and unshakable courage. Those two virtues that had always seemed so centered within him parted like curtains across his eyes to reveal a look of pain and sorrow she had never seen in him. But the worst part was that she could also see fear. He was afraid to answer her. \"Why would you ask that?\" He asked, and when his lip quivered he looked so young. Her hands were trembling. Bringing him into this state was painful. Was this what it had been like for him when he helped her? Had he also shuddered at her tears and wished nothing more than to forget the whole affair and let her never talk about it again? It took all of her resolve to stay her course when all she wanted was to say never mind and hug him until he forgot. But she knew she couldn't. This had to happen. \"I know what happened.\" She admitted. \"I know that Bastian almost lost his mind to AURYN's power and that he betrayed you. I know he's the one that gave you that scar. What I don't know is why you never told me.\" His face hardened in anger. \"Because I've never talked about it with anyone.\" He snapped. But the anger couldn't fool her. It was merely a screen for how frightened he was. He was frightened that she finally knew the truth. \"I've never spoken about it and I don't want to.\" \"Okay, that's not fair.\" She snapped back. Adair could feel her eyes welling up, but she didn't show it. It was her turn to be steadfast for him. \"I shared things with you I never wanted to talk about. If it hadn't been for you I would have stayed in that shell and never let anyone in. You forced your way into my heart, so you don't get to keep me out of yours!\" \"That was different!\" He shot defensively. \"It was not! You showed me how much sadder I was not letting anyone in. And when I finally stopped being so guarded, you showed me that I could be happy! So what gives you the right to stay miserable?\" He stared back at her, and she could seem him letting her words sink in. \"I can't.\" He said weakly. Tears were starting to pool in his eyes. He bit his lip, not allowing it. She wondered how long it had been since he had let himself cry. \"Why not?\" He was silent. \"I'm sorry.\" She admitted. \"I know how hard this is for you to talk about. I can't imagine what it was like to be betrayed like that, or how painful it must have been to fight your best friend. But if you don't talk about it, you can't move on. I mean, you forgave him right?\" \"What?\" He asked as though she'd entirely changed the subject out of the blue. \"Forgave who?\" She searched his face to see if he were trying to dodge her question. He was being sincere. \"Bastian.\" She explained, sounding as confused as he did. \"For what he did.\" \"You think I blame Bastian for what happened?\" \"You don't?\" \"Of course not. None of it was his fault.\" Adair was experiencing the frustrating sensation of hitting a dead end in a road. \"Then what?\" Atreyu looked down away from her, the way she had once avoided looking others in the eye. He took in a long breath, and when he let it out, his shoulders trembled. \"Bastian didn't betray me. It was me. I failed him.\" This left Adair more confused than ever. \"How? How could you have failed him?\" \"You already know the story.\" \"Well apparently not all of it, because the way I heard it you saved his life.\" \"Only after I abandoned him to destroy himself.\" He said solemnly. His voice remained steady even as tears began to roll down his cheek. \"I could see what AURYN was doing to him, how dangerous his wishes were becoming. But I did nothing until it was too late. We almost destroyed the Ivory Tower, and then I let him wander Fantasia lost and alone for years until he had forgotten even his own name.\" He clenched the bed covers with his fists until his knuckles turned white. \"I fall off the tower every night in my dreams. I relive that day over and over, watching my friend slip away into darkness. I think over and over, if only I had acted sooner, if only I'd been stronger, or braver, or smarter I could have stopped it from happening. But in the end none of it matters. I failed him and there is no changing it.\" He fell silent again and Adair could see the sadness of the past play across his eyes. \"When we finally found his way out of Fantasia, Bastian was told he could not leave unless all the stories he began were finished. I knew what I had to do. I offered to finish them in his place. That is how I would atone for my failure.\" Finally, he raised his gaze back to her. \"Then you came and it happened all over again. I let my own feelings get in the way of what I was supposed to do. I made you want to stay in Fantasia even though I knew what would happen to you if you did. I failed him, I failed Fantasia, and I failed you.\" He didn't lift his gaze to meet her. He drew his knees close to him and folded his arms around them, burying his face. He could only imagine what she must think of him now. All of that weakness, all of his wrongs were now in the open. Now that she knew the truth, he couldn't imagine what she must think of him. \"You really believe that don't you?\" Adair asked in shock. When he heard that she was crying, he lifted his head. She was blinking back tears furiously and gritting her teeth. Before he could say anything, she balled her hand into a fist and socked him in the arm. \"You idiot! You think Bastian blamed you for anything that happened? You think I blame you every time something bad happens? You may be a hero, but that doesn't mean the whole story revolves around you! After everything you told me, how can you still think this way?\" She was referring to the time when she had confessed feelings of guilt over the death of her parents. It had been Atreyu who made her realize after ten long years that it had not been her fault. Now here he was taking the pain of an entire world on himself. She didn't know what she'd expected. It was just the kind of person he was. \"Atreyu, bad things are always going to happen in this world and in Fantasia. Bad things are going to happen to me. Sometimes they'll be my own fault, and sometimes they'll just happen. But I can face them now, and it's because of you. So you can stop taking all of the pain for yourself.\" She placed her hands on him, and on their own her fingers grasped his robe in her hands. \"If my time in Fantasia's taught me anything... if you've taught me anything it's that we're all meant to help each other. We're all part of a story, and we each have a part to play so we can reach a happy ending. That means all of us. So stop trying to do this all on your own. Please. Let me help you.\" \"Adair.\" He put his arms around her as she forced her way into him. He held her tightly, but in his gentle way and intertwined his fingers in her hair. \"I'm sorry. I had no idea.\" \"Well get used to it.\" She sniffed. \"We're in this together now. That means we share everything, the good and the bad. Understand?\" \"She's right you know.\" Came a voice from the doorway. It was a very familiar voice to Adair, but not to Atreyu. An elderly man stood in the doorway that Atreyu did not know at first. The boy looked confused. He looked down to Adair who only smiled. He looked back to the old man and this time searched his eyes carefully. Then he saw them clearly. Though they were worn with age and half hidden behind his glasses, but they were still the clear eyes he remembered. Those eyes had always been filled with wonder and still were, though they carried the glint of experience in them now. Weakly, Atreyu struggled to move. With Adair's help, he managed to get out of the bed. He took slow laboring steps toward the man, never taking his eyes off him. Once, he nearly fell to the floor, only to have Adair steady him. The linoleum floor of the hospital was cold on his bare feet, and he felt himself shivering. He stopped just short of reaching the man, and with a quivering voice he spoke. \"Bastian?\" The old man smiled and placed his hands on the boy's shoulders. \"It's been a long time my old friend. Well... hopefully I'm not that old of a friend now.\" He added with a wink. At that, Atreyu fell forward into the man's arms and cried. In that time, he allowed himself to be what he had not been for so long, not a hardened warrior of the plains, not a hero with the fate of so much on his shoulders. No, for now he was a just boy who had found a long lost friend he believed he would never see again. Years of worry and guilt seemed to flow out of Atreyu with his tears. Though he was crying too, Bastian could not stop smiling. He saw Adair standing off to the side, unsure of what she should do. He held out one of his arms and pulled her close so that he could hug both of them. \"I hate to interrupt.\" The three were joined unexpectedly by a fourth. Iole leaned against the frame of the door. Her eyes were heavily shadowed like she hadn't slept for a long while. Her face looked a shade paler than when they'd seen her last. All in all, she looked more tired and drained than they'd ever seen her. Jason was standing a step behind her. \"They're deliberating. It won't be long before I'm contacted about a final decision. I suggest you tie up any unfinished business you might have. It may be the last chance you get.\" \"What do you think Iole meant by tying up unfinished business?\" Jason whispered to Adair while Bastian signed the necessary paper work for Atreyu's release. \"She probably meant that we're heading back into battle soon.\" Atreyu explained. He was glad to be out of the hospital gown and into something more modest, but he didn't yet know how to feel with the change of clothes Bastian had brought him from his house. It was a simple earth toned T-shirt and faded indigo jeans. He couldn't seem to stop feeling the material of the shirt or bending his legs to test the flexibility of the jeans. Both were obviously foreign to him. Adair didn't care what he was wearing. She was just glad he was regaining his strength. \"Either that, or whoever she works for is going to decide we're causing too much trouble.\" \"That's what I'm afraid of.\" Jason grimaced. \"Hey look, I know she's supposed to protect the balance or whatever, but you don't think she'd actually... you know.\" He slid his finger across his throat in a slitting motion. \"That's not funny Jason.\" Adair glowered. \"I know. It's terrifying. What if they give her the order and she takes us to Dragon-Jail?\" \"We'll worry about that when it comes.\" Bastian interjected. \"If Iole's to be believed, our time is short, so why don't we make the most of it. Adair, is there anything you need to do?\" She nodded. \"My aunt's waiting for me to come back. I promised her I'd explain where I've been. Doesn't mean she'll believe me, but I need to anyway.\" \"You'd be surprised what we grown-ups are willing to believe.\" Bastian assured her with a sly smile. \"What about you Jason. Anyone you need to see?\" \"Not exactly.\" Jason lied. \"But there is something I need to do.\" He looked to Adair. \"I can drop you off on my way if you'd like.\" \"Do you want me to go with you?\" Atreyu asked. Bastian stopped her. \"I think it would be best if Adair spoke to her aunt on her own at first.\" He paused. \"Actually, Atreyu would you mind coming home with me? You and I have some catching up to do. And there's someone I want you to meet.\" Atreyu looked to Adair first. She only nodded. \"I'll be fine. Don't worry. This is important to you.\" His face brightened. \"Alright.\" \"Whatever you all decide to do make it quick.\" Iole's voice startled them again. Jason jumped. \"How long have you been standing there?\" \"A while.\" She answered blithely. \"Well quit it!\" Iole went on as if she hadn't heard him. Again, the look of exhaustion she exuded did not escape their notice. \"I need to return soon, but be ready when I get back. Meet me at the bookshop tomorrow.\" She turned to leave, but Adair stopped her. \"Iole wait... Before you go, do you think you could do me a favor?\" Adair and Jason said their respective goodbyes to Atreyu and Bastian and left the hospital while Bastian finalized the release forms. On the way out to Jason's car, Adair explained her request to Iole. When she was finished she mustered the most pleading expression she could. The woman simply narrowed her sky blue eyes at her, but at length she sighed and shrugged her shoulders. \"I guess I've already broken plenty of rules for you. What's one more?\" Rosemary flung the door open. She looked as wild eyed as when Adair had left the day before, but she looked like she had at least gotten rest. She was dressed and her brown curls were pulled back if not combed. She sighed with relief when she saw her niece on her porch, carrying a white blue eyed cat in her arms. \"Sorry my call was so short.\" Her aunt smiled. \"Come inside.\" Rosemary led her into the living room and shut the door behind her. Adair didn't know what to think about being here again. Could it have really been just two days ago she had argued with her aunt about cleaning the kitchen? It seemed so far away now. And for her, it had been. Rosemary took a seat on the couch. As she did, Brian and Jamie came barreling down the stairs with baby Lizzie trailing behind them. The boys both hammered her with questions of where she'd been. Lizzie simply wrapped her tiny arms around Adair's leg. \"Mine.\" She said stoutly. She had dearly missed Adair it seemed. Adair set the white cat in her arms down so she could pick up her cousin and hug her tightly. She took a seat on the armchair adjacent to the couch and sat Lizzie on her lap. She took a deep breath. \"So where do you want me to start?\" \"Where you've been might be a good place.\" Adair grinned sheepishly. \"Would you believe in the book that Jason showed you?\" Rosemary shook her head. \"Look Adair, I know I said I was ready to listen and I am. But I expect some courtesy from you. I'd like to talk honestly about the last few days.\" \"I know. For starters, it's been way longer than a few days for me. Second, I know how hard this is going to be to take in. That's why I brought someone to help you.\" Adair could feel her cat's eyes on her. She looked to her and nodded. In a blink, Iole shifted back into her true form. Rosemary gasped and her eyes grew wide enough to take up her whole face. \"Whoah!\" Brian and Jamie exclaimed in unison, falling back onto the couch with their mother. Rosemary's mouth opened and then closed again a few times. No words would come. \"This might be a good time to tell you I'm moving out.\" Iole stated blithely. She centered her gaze on Rosemary. \"I warned Adair to tell you only what you can handle. If it gets to be too much, give her this signal.\" She held her hand up in a 'stop' gesture. \"You've got a good girl here. Listen to what she has to say.\" She winked and began heading out, but stopped and turned her eyes on Brian. She drew her face very near his. \"FWI, I know everything that's gone on in this house for the last ten years. My advice, come clean about who broke the window last summer. She already knows.\" She made her way to the door and cast one last glance at Adair. \"I'll meet you at the bookshop tomorrow.\" She gave her an encouraging thumbs up and then left their household for the last time. Part of her would miss living there, but only a small one. Brian's jaw was now hanging open and his eyes were as wide as his mother's. Jamie was the only one that seemed to have his power of speech left. \"Was that really Iole?\" Adair nodded. \"Is she some kind of elf?\" Adair shrugged with a grin. \"Dragon actually.\" Rosemary held up her hand with the gesture Iole had just shown her. \"Alright. Start from the beginning.\" Adair smiled. While one family was on its way to reparations, another was about to vanish. Jason knew that a great change had come in his life. Iole's warning that they should each resolve any unfinished business before the final conflict hung heavily over him. On some level he had always known it would come to this. His ties to Fantasia had only made it come sooner than he had thought. He thought he would be relieved when it finally came. Instead he found his stomach tied up in knots, his innards revolting against him and twisting as firmly as the roots of a tree. He felt that anxiousness tighten around his heart as he stepped through the glass double doors. The familiar scent of the building's tiled flooring brought bitter memories flooding back, memories of a small boy with glasses waiting in the lobby for hours. Waiting for a ride home until it grew late and he fell asleep in the stiff uncomfortable office chair. Waiting anxiously to be taken on a promised trip to the zoo only to be told by a receptionist wearing too much perfume that it wasn't going to happen. So many days he'd sat alone with nothing but his thoughts to occupy him, not even a toy from home. In the beginning he had cried to himself, hoping, wishing that someone would stop what they were doing and notice him. When he realized no one was going to, the crying stopped. Just as when he'd been that sad little boy, no one stopped to say hello. No one gave him so much as a nod. The people who sat at their desks or mulled about their tasks didn't even look like people to him anymore. They looked more like shapeless caricatures shifting on a colorless backdrop. He didn't blame any of them for being this way. What more could come from working in this grinding blur day after day? He knew what it was like. He had lived with it. He took the elevator to the fourth floor, half-listening to its repetitive tune. The elevator dinged and the doors opened. His robotic footsteps led him to a desk he had stood in front of many times. The receptionist behind was wearing a headset linked to the phone line and taking calls. She was different than the one that had worked here when he was a boy, the one with too much lipstick. That one had left three years ago shortly after they'd gotten the new headsets for the phones. He hoped she was living happily with her family wherever she was. The one that worked here now was a young pretty intern. He hoped she would leave this place before it was too late for her to have a family. She held up one finger at him and tried to wrap up her business with whoever was on the other line. Whoever it was, they were either persistent or very long winded because it took her five whole minutes before she was able to click the headset to switch calls. \"Sir,\" She said into the headset. \"Your four o'clock is here...\" She paused and waited for the recipient of her call to reply. It was much quicker than her last one. \"Yes I'll tell him. Have a nice day.\" She clicked the line off and spared a glance for Jason. Her tone suggested she was trying her best to be polite, but that she had far more important things to be doing. \"He's actually not in right now, but if you follow this hallway, you'll come to-\" He held up a hand to stop her. \"It's alright. I know the drill. Thanks for your help.\" \"Thank you and have a nice day.\" She replied automatically before returning to her work. Typical of him not to be here. Why should this time be any different? He thought to himself as he made his way to the office. He knew something about this time should feel different, but it didn't. It was business as usual. He let himself into the empty office. The room itself had a nice window view of the city, but that was the only thing that could be said for it. Everything else was plain and bland; the desk, the empty chair, the gray computer lying idle, the black phone with blinking red lights that sat on the desk were the only items the office contained. It was the phone that Jason had come for. He sighed as he leaned over the desk and pushed the pager button. One of the blinking red lights turned green. A short dial tone droned and then a voice patched through the line. \"Hello.\" The voice on the line was flat and concise. It drifted somewhere between irritation and holding no feeling at all. \"Hi.\" Jason replied. \"This couldn't wait?\" The voice asked. \"No it couldn't.\" \"Very well then. I'm on my way to a conference so let's make this quick.\" Business as usual. Jason thought again. This was one of those rare instances he found that he agreed with the man on the phone. He did want to make this quick. \"I just wanted to tell you I'm leaving.\" \"You know you don't need my permission if you want to go somewhere. I got you that car for a reason.\" You got it so I would stay out of your way. Jason thought bitterly. A younger Jason would have had no second thoughts about telling the man so, along with some less savory language thrown in. But things were different now. His time in Fantasia had tempered him. Moreover, he knew this would be the last time they would speak. He didn't wish to look back on it with regret. \"No, I mean I'm leaving home... for good.\" There was a brief silence on the line. \"Oh... I see. Well, best of luck to you.\" If he had expected anger at his boldness, or sorrow at the news, Jason was sorely disappointed. For years he'd thought about how this would play out. He had imagined a lot of shouting, a lot of hurtful things said on both sides. But this... this coldness was far worse than anything he could have imagined. If anything, the man on the phone sounded relieved. \"Is that it?\" He asked in shock. \"Is what it?\" \"Is that all you have to say?\" \"Well it hardly came as a surprise.\" \"You don't even want to know where I'm going?\" \"You're a smart boy. I'm sure you've figured something out. Or are you just wasting my time?\" \"You realize that when I hang up this phone, I'm never coming back here. I'm not going to look for you.\" \"Yes I believe that's for the best.\" The man said in a tone so reasonable it made Jason want to scream. Jason slumped next to the desk and leaned his back against its leg. He could have sat in the office chair, but the thought had always made him sick. One of the reasons he and Adair had become such fast friends as children was that they shared a common problem. They both had a troubled family life. But here is where they differed. While Adair had actively worked to shut off those that were close to her, Jason had done nothing but reach out again and again until recent years. It had only been a short time ago that he'd finally admitted his reaching had been for nothing. Since then he had done everything he could to distance himself from the man on the phone. Even his decision to grow his hair long had been because he no longer wished to resemble him. He wasn't about to sit in his chair. \"I don't know why I expected any different from you. It's always the same.\" \"Then why did you even bother coming here? Were you expecting to get a rise out of me? You've made up your mind. I don't see any reason to try and change it.\" \"I came here because this is my last chance.\" \"Last chance for what?\" \"For some honesty!\" He shouted, then consciously got his temper back under control. \"I just want you to answer one question. What did I do to make you hate me so much?\" The man was quiet for a moment. For a second, Jason wondered if he had hung up. \"Jason,\" the sound of his own name seemed foreign to him when this man said it. This was because he had never referred to him in a personal manner unless it was absolutely necessary. \"I'll be the first to admit I haven't done you any favors. But I don't hate you.\" \"Then why? Why the distance? I figured out a long time ago this goes way past your job, so don't feed me any more of those lies. Why can't you stand being around me?\" Again the man took a moment to answer. \"Honestly, you reminded me too much of your mother.\" Jason felt a jolt in his chest. This man had never, ever spoken about his mother. \"I wish you could know how alike you two really are... were. She was so passionate about everything she did. She saw a different world than everyone else. She didn't see what it was, she saw what it could be. She did the same with me. When she was gone, I couldn't see it anymore. I didn't want to. It only reminded me of how much I missed her.\" A silence hung between them for a moment. \"She would have hated this place you know. This job, this office. I think that's one of the reasons I pursued this career after she was gone. I ran from everything that made me think of her.\" \"Including me.\" \"Especially you.\" Jason grinned. It was nice to know he shared more with his mother than he knew. \"Tell me more about her. What would she have had you do?\" \"She talked about it once. She always encouraged me to go to medical school. She joked about working with me as a nurse. That was the kind of person she was. She loved making people feel good.\" \"She wanted to be a nurse?\" \"Actually she was going to school to be a child psychologist when we met. She loved working with kids, and she had a special way with the problem ones. That was what I loved most about her I think. Where everyone else saw something broken, she saw something that could be fixed.\" There was another silence. Jason had never heard him at such a loss for words. He'd never had trouble speaking before. \"Jason, I cared about you once. I don't know when I stopped, but it had nothing to do with you. I just ran for so long, I suppose I forgot how.\" \"I get it.\" Jason replied. \"It's good to know.\" \"I wouldn't blame you if you hated me.\" \"I don't hate you.\" He answered honestly. \"You never gave me enough of you to hate.\" \"I understand. Best of luck to you.\" \"Yeah.\" Jason replied as he got up to leave. \"You too.\" He clicked the phone off and left the office for the last time. For those who may have hoped that father and son would reconcile, I'm sorry to disappoint. This isn't always the case, but sometimes a family is too broken to fix. Whatever his reasons, Jason's father had forgotten how to love and he no longer wanted to try. And when the desire to try is gone, there is really nothing that can be done. But try as he might to deny it, Jason did still love his father. Though he didn't hold much hope, he wished his father could remember the happiness he'd felt with his wife someday, and that he wouldn't end his days as lonely and empty as he'd let himself become. But whether he did or not is another story and shall be told another time. \"Steady now.\" Bastian cautioned as he helped Atreyu out of the car. The boy didn't seem to know how to take the ride. The machine fascinated him. The entire way back from the hospital, he'd asked about all the different buttons and gears and other questions about how it worked. Bastian was just glad to see some color returning to his face. He took his arm and looped it over his shoulder so Atreyu could lean on him. \"I can walk.\" Atreyu assured him. \"Your strength is returning, but try not to over exert yourself my friend.\" He led Atreyu up the walk to his house and walked him inside. \"Welcome to our humble abode.\" He said congenially. He led his friend through the front living room and down the hall into the study. The room was lined with books and had a homely fireplace at the back which remained unlit. In front of the hearth were two leather armchairs. Bastian led him to one and let him sit. \"Where did you get these strange clothes?\" he asked. Atreyu had already seen some of what the humans wore in this world thanks to Adair and Jason, but the actual feel of it on his own body was another experience entirely. \"They were my son's.\" \"Your son?\" Atreyu asked in shock. \"You have a son?\" \"Three actually. And two beautiful girls, one of whom is expecting her first child.\" \"Then... you must have married.\" This was a lot for Atreyu to take in. When last they had seen one another, Bastian had been a pudgy youth of ten years. To see him not only grown, but old enough to be expecting his first grandchild was jarring. Bastian smiled. \"Atreyu, there's someone I'd like you to meet.\" He raised his voice to call down the hallway. \"Dear, we're home.\" \"About time.\" Came a voice from the next room. \"I've been waiting for news all morning, and the tea's getting cold.\" A woman came around the corner carrying a tray with two cups and a steaming pot of tea. The moment Atreyu saw her face he knew who she was. Her long hair though gray still retained some of its white blond color. Her green eyes were large and round in her warm aged face. They grew wider still when she saw him. She nearly dropped the tea. \"Kris Ta?\" Atreyu breathed in awe, for it could be no one else. \"The little girl you used to tell stories to?\" \"Used to?\" Christa said with a laugh. \"I haven't been able to stop him.\" Bastian feigned being wounded. \"Oh how you tease me so.\" Christa stepped cautiously inside and set the tray on the small table between their chairs. Tenderly she placed a hand on Atreyu's shoulder and another on the side of his face. \"Can it really be... are you really... what is your name?\" Atreyu wasn't sure why Christa seemed so in awe of him, but it made him a little uncomfortable. \"Atreyu.\" Her lip quivered at that. \"Then this family owes you a great debt.\" She said as she kissed his forehead. \"I...\" Atreyu stammered. \"I don't understand.\" \"She means what you taught me about courage.\" Bastian said with a smile. \"If it hadn't been for you, I don't believe I ever would have had the bravery to propose to Christa on that fine summer morning, the sunshine glistening on her hair like spun gold.\" He said wistfully. Christa blushed. \"As you can see my husband can still spin a story or two.\" She turned to Bastian. \"You know perfectly well it was in September and it rained on our picnic.\" \"But the rain water did make your hair glisten.\" The old man winked. \"But I didn't have anything to do with that.\" Atreyu shook his head. Bastian sighed. \"You still don't understand. Atreyu I brought you here to show you that all of this, our family would not have happened if it had not been for you. I am the man I am today because of what I learned from you.\" He made a beckoning motion with his finger and strode to one of the bookshelves. \"Come here, I wish to show you something.\" Noticing he was having trouble rising from his seat, Christa put a warm arm and around his shoulder and pulled him along with her hand. She led him to the shelf and Bastian pointed to one particular row. They were a neat row of at least twenty books, their spines well worn like all the others. He didn't know what their titles read, for the Plains People have no written language. Bastian knew this, so he took them out one at a time and handed them to him. Each one had an illustration on its cover, and when Atreyu saw the first he gasped. It was of himself flying over Fantasia on Falkor's back over a brilliant moonlit forest. \" ' Atreyu and the Night Forest' \" Bastian read aloud. He pulled out another and showed the cover. This one pictured Atreyu standing in a desert, each dune of sand a different color. Looming over him was a ferocious lion whose mane shown like fire and shimmered in as many colors as the desert around him. \" 'Atreyu and the Many-Colored Death'. \" He showed him book after book, each one bearing a picture of Atreyu and a place or person in Fantasia that the boy knew well. 'Atreyu and the Silver City' , 'Atreyu and the Fallen Knight', 'Atreyu and the City of Luckdragons', 'Atreyu and the City of Ghosts', 'Atreyu and the War of the Elves', 'Atreyu and Hero Hynreck', Bastian read each title aloud until he had emptied two entire rows of the bookshelf. \"There are more.\" He admitted. \"A few aren't always about you, but rest assured you appear in each one. Children all over the world know and love you as though they'd been there with you. My own children could not sleep until I read to them one of your adventures.\" \"But all of this happened in Fantasia. How did you know about all of this.\" \"They were my stories after all. I started them, and you vowed to finish them. Isn't that the promise we made?\" Atreyu bit his lip. \"How could I have done any different?\" Bastian set the books down. \"Of course. But you forget, I made a promise that day too.\" The old man took both his hands and rested them on Atreyu's shoulders. \"I promised to take everything I'd learned from Fantasia with me and share it with this world. And I've strived to keep that promise. Through all of your adventures, I've been beside you. I've been with you every step of the way because we are friends.\" Friends. Atreyu had always considered Bastian as such, but he had wondered if the same had been true for Bastian. For so long he had carried guilt over Bastian's trials in Fantasia. But now, to hear of the love his friend had for him after all this time, to hear of all he had done for him and Fantasia lifted years of guilt from his heart in an instant. Now there was no doubt in his mind that Bastian was still his friend. With a childlike lightness he had forgotten he possessed, Atreyu fell forward into Bastian's arms and hugged him tightly. Christa too wrapped her arms around him and they both held him gently. He had believed he'd been through crying in the hospital. He had been wrong. Adair's tale of her adventures stretched well into the night, and more than once Rosemary had to stop her so she could gather her thoughts. But she listened patiently, without interrupting and without a hint of irony. Though it was hard for her to believe in what her niece was saying, it was clear that she did. Her cousins accepted her story without a hitch and begged to hear more. Unlike their mother, they were bombarding her with questions. \"What does a Luckdragon look like?\" Jamie asked. \"Tell me more about those Rock Giants!\" Brian demanded. \"They sound awesome!\" \"Awesome!\" Lizzie repeated. Adair made it a point to avoid telling her aunt about the more dangerous parts of her adventures, but there were things she simply couldn't leave out. And the one thing she could not leave out was perhaps the most dangerous of all. \"And then we came back to this world.\" Adair finished her telling. \"Me and Jason are back and Atreyu is with Bastian.\" \"Are you going back?\" Jamie asked. \"Yeah, you still have to wake that princess up don't you?\" Brian reminded them. \"Right now we're just waiting for Iole to come back. She says we broke some important rules when we brought Atreyu back with us.\" Rosemary's face was expressionless when she spoke. \"This Nightmare King you mentioned... Volrac.\" She paused over the dark detail Adair hadn't been able to exclude from her story. \"You said he planned for all of this to happen, that he... wanted you.\" Adair heard the unspoken question in her statement. The answer to that question was the reason she had not taken their worst enemy out of the story. Adair nodded solemnly because the answer was yes, Volrac had been the wolf she had seen in the woods when she was a little girl. He was the reason her parents were gone. \"Brian, Jamie, go put your sister to bed and then you do the same.\" \"But mom!\" They both groaned in unison. \"I wanted to hear more about Fantasia!\" Jamie whined. \"I need to speak to your cousin alone and you both still have school tomorrow. Now go to bed.\" The two brothers grunted about their mother's perceived unfairness, but relented to her demands, leading their tired-eyed little sister up the steps to bed. Rosmary stared at her niece for a long time before she finally spoke. Whether she was collecting herself or making sure the boys weren't eavesdropping, Adair wasn't sure. \"He was the one wasn't he?\" She asked. \"The one you saw that day.\" Adair nodded. \"Do you... believe me?\" Rosemary held a hand over her trembling lips. As her eyes started to water, she had to look away from Adair. \"I hoped I'd never have to. I thought it would be easier just to forget.\" She lifted her gaze slowly to meet Adair's. \"I am so sorry I made you bury that. When I heard your story about what happened to Rick and Diana, I knew it had to be true. You always had an active imagination, but no child would make up a story like that. But the more you tried to convince the police it was true, the more questions they started asking me.\" \"What kinds of questions?\" Rosemary sighed. \"Like if we had a history of mental illness in our family. When they asked me that, I knew where it would lead. They were going to take you away from me. They would never believe the truth, and at the time I wasn't sure I could either. So I made you change it. I made sure you never brought up the wolf again. I was so afraid of facing the truth that I took away what you needed most. I couldn't see that you just needed someone to talk about it with.\" For the first time in a decade of living together, Adair finally understood her aunt's actions. She hadn't been trying to ignore her, she had been trying to protect her. Her denial of the events of that terrible day had been to insure that she could stay with the only family she had left. It filled her with regret to think on how she'd treated that family since then. Now Adair was crying too. \"Auntie I'm so sorry!\" She cried, burying her face into her aunt and crying like she was a little girl again. \"I didn't know.\" \"I'm sorry too.\" Rosemary admitted as she stroked her niece's hair. \"Looks like we both have some growing up to do. But I promise to listen to you from now on, no matter what it is you want to talk about. But you have to promise me one thing.\" Adair lifted her tear swollen eyes to her aunt. \"What's that?\" \"Promise that you'll talk to me and give me something to listen to.\" She smiled through her tears. \"Deal.\" \"And about that job in the city... no matter what you decide I'll support you. But remember that you'll always have a home here. It would be nice of you to drop in and visit your cousins from time to time.\" \"About that.\" Adair hesitated. \"I'm not so sure I want to take that internship anymore. I'm actually thinking about taking some art classes when I graduate.\" \"Art classes?\" Rosemary beamed. \"That sounds... interesting.\" \"Does that mean I can stay here a little longer?\" \"You know the answer to that.\" Rosemary said with a smile. \"So, tell me more about this boy you brought back with you. He sounds dreamy.\" \"Aunt Rosemary!\" Adair's face flushed with embarrassment. \"Don't be embarrassed. It's about time you started dating a nice boy. But did you have to go so far to find him?\" \"Yeah.\" Adair laughed. \"Leave it to me to have to go to another world to find a guy.\" And so began Adair's and Rosemary's journey to being a family again. \"Well, you boys don't stay up too late now.\" Christa admonished. She, Bastian, and Atreyu had spent the better part of the day in the study sharing stories, but now it had grown late. \"I'll be heading to bed and I suggest you two do the same. Sounds like we all have a big day ahead of us.\" She kissed Atreyu once more on the forehead, and then went to kiss Bastian on the cheek. \"Good night dear. I'll be up in a moment.\" Bastian promised. When she left the study, Bastian's eyes turned serious. \"Now Atreyu, there's something I wished to discuss with you alone.\" \"What is it?\" the boy asked apprehensively. Bastian took a moment to speak. \"As I've said, I've done what I can to help you in your adventures, but there is one thing that I could not give you. It wasn't until Adair found her way into Fantasia that I learned why. I couldn't give it to you because you were denying yourself of it.\" Atreyu knit his dark brows together. \"What was that?\" \"Happiness.\" Bastian replied. \"I tried again and again to create some form of happiness for you in my stories, but no matter what I invented, it never seemed to have any lasting impact. And now I know why. You weren't allowing yourself to be happy.\" Atreyu began to fidget and rubbed his arm tensely. \"What does that have to do with anything?\" \"Everything.\" Bastian said, taking on a distant tone. \"It might be the very answer to solving this crisis.\" Atreyu's interest perked up and his dark eyes became intensely focused. It was the same focus they held when he drew an arrow back with his bow. \"How?\" \"Think Atreyu. What did Gaya tell you about Adair?\" He thought back on that moment, recalling the Dark Princess' words. \"She said that Adair was the human mirror of the Childlike Empress. That's why she fell asleep after Adair closed off her heart. But how can that be? Moon Child shouldn't have a mirror in this world. She is Fantasia.\" \"I have a theory if you'll indulge me.\" Bastian leaned forward and began to talk with his hands. It reminded him of Engywook's excitement whenever he was going to discuss something scientific. \"Because of Moon Child's nature, a little bit of her exists in everything. That's even true here. It is true that we are all part of the great never ending story, that we are all connected. But once every so often, the actions of one have the potential to change the story's course forever. I believe that the bond you share with Adair is one such event. You've always been a hero in a story, but now just as you were when I met you, you are the hero of the story. As such, I believe that what happens to Adair affects Moon Child, because Adair was always meant to be your Moon Child.\" Atreyu shook his head vigorously. \"That can't be it. Moon Child fell asleep ten years ago, long before Adair and I met.\" \"There are two things I know of, over which time holds no sway.\" Bastian held up two fingers. \"Love, and Fantasia. And you my friend are a product of both.\" \"Is that really the answer?\" \"You heard it yourself. Only the Strongest Magic could wake Moon Child and save Fantasia. It may be that by denying yourself happiness, you're preventing the one thing that can make everything right.\" Bastian's words made Atreyu recall something Ze'hara had said to him the night before the ball. \"We all want you to be happy. You deserve to be happy. You can have happiness with her.\" The answer had been right in front of him the entire time. It seemed too simple. \"I still don't understand. It's true that I love Adair.\" It felt strange admitting that. It felt wonderful to say, but there was a strange flush of embarrassment in his face when he did. He had always been direct and straightforward, unafraid to say what was on his mind. But when it came to Adair his words seemed to tangle up on the edge of his tongue, piling into a mess that refused to make sense. It made him feel so helpless sometimes, but he loved her all the more for it. \"But how does that wake up Moon Child? What is it we have to do?\" \"You won't know that until you try.\" Bastian said with a wise grin. \"You've faced many dangers in your life, but falling in love may be the bravest thing you've ever had to do. Your greatest adventure yet.\" \"I believe I said it was time for bed.\" Christa's voice startled them. They saw her standing in the doorway dressed in a long white night gown and looking cross. She held a folded pair of striped pajamas in her arms. \"We were almost finished dear.\" Bastian promised sheepishly. \"I've heard that story before.\" Christa snapped. \"I promise dear, I'll be up in a moment.\" \"You can stay up until the cows come home for all I care. But you,\" She pointed an accusing finger at Atreyu. \"Didn't anyone ever teach you that growing boys need their rest? Now come along. He'll keep you up until dawn if you let him. Now come with me and I'll show you where you're sleeping, hop to it!\" Atreyu snapped to his feet. \"Yes Ma'am.\" He said instinctively. Her direct maternal manner reminded him of Urgl, and he knew it was best not to resist when she believed she knew best. Bastian winked as if he'd read his mind. \"Good thinking lad. Perhaps we should continue this tomorrow.\" Growing up in the Plains and living a life of adventuring, Atreyu had grown accustomed to sleeping on the ground or on Falkor's back. But that night for the first time he got to sleep in a real bed. Though it was foreign to him at first, the moment his head touched the pillow he realized how tired he was. He fell into a deep sleep, and he dreamed while he slept. Not the kind of dreams he sometimes had in Fantasia that guided him on his journey. These were dreams that were nothing more than the product of a tired boy's mind. They were all of Adair. At the same time, Adair was returning to her bed for the first time in what felt like ages. She never believed she would miss it so much. And Jason returned to a house he knew would be empty to sleep in a bed he had not missed for what he knew would be the last time. The three slept peacefully in the human world, in spite of how much still lay ahead of them before they could truly rest. For in Fantasia things were far from quiet. While our heroes rested in the other world, the Circle of the Night had some regathering of their own to do. Adair had reduced the castle east of the sun and west of the moon to rubble. They'd been forced to move their base of operation back to the Castle of Nightmares. This was a minor annoyance, but Thoth had much larger problems than the decimation of their fortress. Namely, he was losing the wager. Fay had just returned from the human world and given a less than satisfactory report to his needs. Crash after crash echoed in the great hall as he hurled many of his artifacts and other objects at the wall, shouting the foulest obscenities as he did so like a child throwing a tantrum. \"Never! I refuse to accept this! The fundamental laws of magic are absolute! You cannot gain something for nothing! We had a contract and Atreyu violated the terms! By rights he should be scattered bits of nonsense in the human world!\" Nag seemed to agree with Thoth's sentiment, though it seemed much less distraught. \"It's impossible. Even without the contract binding him to us, crossing into the human world alone should have killed him.\" \"But it didn't.\" Fay stated with smug satisfaction. \"I saw him myself as I left, alive and well. The strongest magic defied his fate. Not only did he gain his freedom thanks to Adair's wish, he is now able to exist in a place where no Fantasian has ever gone before. He gained the impossible without paying. Love is the only magic that can accomplish that. Now admit your defeat.\" Thoth pointed his bony finger contemptuously at his colleague. \"Never! In case it's slipped your mind, this game of ours has yet to run its course. This isn't over yet!\" A dark voice came out of the shadows of the great hall and called their attention to the throne. \"So glad to see we still agree.\" Heremoor the true Nightmare King sat on the throne, resting his head on his iron clad knuckles. He had foregone the silver and gold armor he had warn as the general of the eagle riders, and he had seen little use in resuming the form of Volrac. He seemed at ease in a new form that lay somewhere between the two. His armor was now obsidian black and he wore a cloak of deep crimson with steel black pauldrons welded in the shape of wings. His chiseled face seemed harder and more shadowed than before. His once long golden hair had become as black as coal. His emerald green eyes were still as steady as a mountain, but now they burned with the hate he had hidden for so long. \"Lord Volrac.\" Nag leaped from where it had been perched on the steps leading to the throne. \"Welcome back.\" Heremoor smiled, but it was not a kind smile befitting a brave and jovial knight. \"Why so agitated my servants? Does my return put you on edge?\" Thoth grinned cordially, but his voice seemed to waver. \"Whatever gave you that idea? We are your humble servants as always.\" \"Glad to hear it.\" Heremoor replied. His smile began to fade and his expression turned dark. \"Then perhaps you would like to tell me how it is that AURYN has left this world?\" The Seekers exchanged nervous glances excluding Fay who looked openly annoyed rather than nervous. \"You thought I didn't know the humans and Atreyu have vanished? Have you forgotten what an integral part AURYN is meant to play in my plan?\" Silence answered him. \"Well?!\" He cried angrily. Nag cowered away from him. Heremoor sighed. \"You must really believe me to be a fool. And perhaps I am for having ever placed my faith in you. Well like it or not,\" the Nightmare King said ominously as he rose to his feet. \"You still have an obligation to me.\" A powerful gale of wind swirled all around the throne room as Heremoor raised his hand toward the ceiling. A black manacle appeared around his wrist, and from it shot three lengths of chain. They extended all the way to Nag, Thoth, and Fay who found their wrists bound to them by their own shackles. The wind howled fiercely and the three Witches found themselves caught up by its tremendous force. Like kites on a blustery day, they swung round and round from their chains, flailing their arms and legs uselessly. Bound as they were, they felt as though the chains would tear their arms off. \"See here the proof of our bond!\" Heremoor declared over the wind. As it whipped his dark hair and caught at his cloak, he remained with his feet firmly planted. \"We remain bound together by our contract as strong as the day it was formed. As you three are so fond of telling me, you can't receive something for nothing. For too long I've turned my gaze away as your hideous deeds poison my empire. I have allowed it only for the sake of the service you have provided me. But now, your time of playing rulers in my land is at an end. You collected my payment that day and now I am compelling you to honor your end of our agreement.\" The chains vanished and the wind died down. Nag, Thoth, and Fay were flung to opposite corners of the chamber where they slammed into the walls and tumbled to the floor in panting heaps. Nag moaned pathetically and cowered like a dog. Thoth got to his feet and attempted to collect his dignity, dusting himself off and straightening his glasses. Fay rolled onto her knees, but before she could stand, Heremoor was towering over her. His steel clad hand closed around her throat. His grip wasn't tight enough to stop her breathing, but the strength in his hand was present and clear. With one squeeze he could crush her neck as easily as snapping a twig. Nag and Thoth were frozen, transfixed by the exchange. \"You were in the human world?\" He asked levelly. With what little movement she was allowed, Fay nodded. \"You spoke to the human?\" Again she nodded. \"And? Where is AURYN?\" \"She didn't have it.\" Fay replied in a voice as even as his. Even in the face of Heremoor's overwhelming power she wasn't frightened. In spite of her selfish nature, Fay held her life with very little regard. She only feared things she didn't understand, and she understood the Nightmare King inside and out. \"My guess is that it's still with Jason.\" Heremoor held her in his grasp for a moment longer before he finally released her. \"Very well.\" He said, pacing to the center of the room. \"Would you have us go to the other world and retrieve it?\" Thoth asked tenuously. \"No. You three return to the Tower and prepare for the final stage. I'll retrieve AURYN myself. Though I detest every inch of it, crossing into the human world is something I've never relied on your power for.\" Heremoor unbuckled the gauntlet on his right arm, the one on which he lacked a hand. Dark mist poured from the empty socket in the armor and swirled around him. As it did so, he began to change shape, becoming Volrac the werewolf once more. \"When I return and complete the sundering, our arrangement will come to an end. You will have until I draw my blade to leave my beloved Fantasia or I will sunder the three of you along with it.\" The darkness gathered and thickened around him, then it was gone and him with it. All that remained were a trio of disgruntled Witches faced with an uncomfortable realization that they were no longer in control of their own game.[Chapter 25] A/N: Hahaha I did it! Chapter 24: Despair Xanthic light filtered through the curtain of Adair's bedroom and she struggled to sit up and rub her eyes. Her first night in a real bed after her journey had been so restful that when she took in her surroundings she had to feel them to make sure her return had been more than a dream. She squeezed the covers between her fingers and smiled. Then she went to her window and threw open the curtains. The yellow light of dawn and the silence in the house told her she must have been the first one awake. She glanced at the clock on her dresser. It was seven in the morning. Adair had never been what one would call a morning person, but for some reason today, she had a different feeling about the morning than she'd had in awhile. Not just the morning, but the whole day. And she knew why. Starting today, everything was going to be different. She was going to be different, to her family, her friends, to everyone. She moved to her closet and rifled through the hangers. Most of her clothes were black or gray with a splatter of glitter or color here and there like her rock concert T-shirts. All her pants were black jeans or capris pants. She shook her head. The old her wouldn't have cared one way or the other, but she wanted to wear something different today. She dug further and further back. Yes, she still had it! Quickly getting dressed, she crept quietly to the bathroom to brush her teeth and then her hair. When she was finished, the temptation crept on her to rifle through her aunt's drawer where she kept her make-up. Only a little she told herself. In the past, the idea of make-up repulsed her, but this morning, she almost giggled at imagining her family's reaction. With a grin, she pulled out Aunt Rosemary's mascara. Okay, how do I do this again? Very carefully, she attempted to apply it to her eyelashes. \"WHOAH!\" Adair yelped in surprise. She dropped the brush and whirled to see Brian standing in the doorway, still in his pajamas with his mouth hanging open. He was taking in her outfit and not bothering to hide his surprise at all. \"What?\" \"Is that a skirt?\" Adair smiled as she turned to model the layered pink-plaid skirt over black leggings. \"Surprised?\" \"Where did it come from?\" \"Aunt Rosemary bought it for me a while ago. I just buried it in the back of the closet because I didn't want to wear it.\" She explained, remembering the argument she'd had with Rosemary two Christmases ago. \"Oh...\" Brian seemed to lose some of his astonishment. \"What is it?\" \"I just thought you... you know... magicked it onto yourself.\" \"What?\" \"You know, like you did in Fantasia.\" \"I never made clothes out of thin air.\" Adair reminded him. \"But you did magic right? Like shooting light out of your hands?\" Adair nodded meekly, a little bashful over how impressed her cousin was about the whole thing. \"Can you still do that?\" \"I don't think it works here.\" She admitted. \"Just try.\" He pleaded. She shook her head and held up her hand. She squinted at her fingers and concentrated, trying to create at least a spark. When nothing happened, she shrugged. \"Sorry.\" \"Awe man.\" Brian sighed. \"That would have been so cool.\" \"Maybe someday I'll learn how to do it again.\" She said jokingly. \"So be nice to your brother and sister when I do or I'll turn you into a toad.\" \"That would be awesome!\" \"You're such a brat.\" She teased. Then without warning she locked her arm around his neck and pulled him in. He fought hard, but it didn't stop her from planting her lips right on his forehead. \"Oh gross!\" \"I love you too!\" She released him and waved as she skipped past him and down the stairs. She went to the kitchen where she normally would have grabbed two pop-tarts and been on her way. But remembering that everyone but Brian was still asleep gave her an idea. She went through the cupboards and raided the fridge with a sneaky grin. She felt so good about what she was doing that she actually giggled as she cracked two eggs into the pan and began to fry them. This prompted Brian who was still spying on her to dash to his mother's room and shake her awake. \"Mom wake up!\" He whispered urgently. \"Adair's being really scary!\" Not understanding her son's meaning, but catching the smell wafting up from the kitchen, she told him to wake his brother and sister and come downstairs. Rosemary, Brian, Jamie, and Baby Lizzie were met with a sight. \"Who wants breakfast?\" Adair asked as she set the table and started dishing bacon and eggs onto their plates. Rosemary couldn't think of what to say. \"This was very nice of you. What's the occasion?\" \"No occasion.\" Adair promised. \"Just wanted to make breakfast for my family.\" Family. Adair had always called Rosemary her aunt, or Brian and Jamie her cousins, but they couldn't recall a time she had ever referred to them as her family. Rosemary was so happy to hear her niece address them as such that her eyes began to swell with tears. Then the five of them sat down to eat breakfast as a family for the first time years. They talked, they laughed, they ate and when it was over, Brian and Jamie even volunteered to wash the dishes without their mother asking them. A knock came at the door when they were finished. \"That's Jason.\" Adair said, getting up from the table to give her aunt a hug. \"He's here to take me to Bastian's shop.\" \"Alright.\" Romemary patted Adair's shoulder from where she sat. \"We'll meet you there soon. I can't wait to meet him.\" She winked. Adair blushed. \"Me neither.\" She made her way to the door and threw it open, greeting Jason with a hug before he could even speak. Jason didn't know how to react at first, but hugged her back anyway. Then when she took a step back he grew even more confused. \"Is that a skirt?\" \"Yeah, you want one too?\" she teased. He pretended to consider it for a moment. \"Not my color. Let's go.\" She followed him out to his car and they made most of the drive into town in silence. \"Do you think Iole's going to send us back?\" Jason asked. \"I don't know.\" Adair replied. She knew what he really wanted to ask, because it was the same thing that had been on her mind. She knew there was a lot Iole wasn't telling them about the situation, but one thing she had made very clear. They had broken some kind of natural order by bringing Atreyu here. Some kind of decision was being made or already had been made about what that meant for them. She didn't want to think about it right now. \"I hope she does.\" Jason admitted. \"I don't know if it works that way. Very few people actually get to go to Fantasia, and even fewer find their way back. I think it depends on if you learn what you were supposed to.\" \"Yeah, but that was before the Seekers came and screwed everything up. Besides, we're not done over there. Moon Child's still asleep.\" He reminded her. \"I know.\" \"Do you not want to go back?\" He asked. \"It's not that. It's just... I think we should consider ourselves lucky we got to see it at all. How many people can say that?\" \"Alright, but you can't tell me you won't miss being able to throw magic at people.\" She smiled. \"Alright that part was pretty cool.\" \"You looked awesome. You know, in an X-Men kind of way.\" \"Yeah, I'll miss that.\" \"I guess that means you'll want this back then?\" He reached for his neck and tugged on a length of chain that hung from it, pulling it out from inside his shirt. Her eyes went wide when she saw AURYN dangling at the end of its length. \"How did you get that?\" \"Uh, you gave it to me. Remember?\" \"Not that. I mean, how did you get it here?\" \"I was still wearing it when me and Atreyu came through. I guess it's different than everything else in Fantasia.\" He frowned. \"I wish my sword had come through with us. I'll miss it.\" He grimaced. \"Thoth's probably got his greasy hands all over it by now. Here, you can have it back.\" \"I don't know.\" Adair hesitated. \"I gave it up. Remember?\" \"Right, and I'm giving it up right back to you. I don't think it would be right if we finished this and you didn't have it, kind of like finishing without my sword .\" He frowned again. She rolled her eyes before carefully taking AURYN's chain into her hand. She looped it over her head and pulled her hair out from under its chain. Its weight felt good back around her neck, like a hug from an old friend one hasn't seen in a long time. She fingered the twin snakes in silence as they continued the drive. This didn't go unnoticed by Jason. \"What are you thinking about?\" \"I was trying to understand something.\" \"About?\" He prodded. \"I didn't think much of it when we were in Fantasia, but Bastian's story made me wonder. You remember when Atreyu said that wishing on AURYN takes away your memories?\" \"Yeah.\" \"Well Bastian really did lose everything. By the end he'd even forgotten his own name.\" \"He was in Fantasia for years.\" He reminded her. \"Still, I've been running it through my head and I can't think of anything significant about my life I forgot. I thought maybe it was because we've come back. But even in Fantasia I remembered you, and Rosemary, Brian, Jamie, my parents, everything.\" Jason kept his eyes on the road and said nothing. She wondered if he'd been listening until he spoke again. \"I think everyone's journey in Fantasia is different. Maybe it depends on why you went there in the first place. Why did you need to go to Fantasia?\" She thought that made sense. \"I came there to learn about love... to learn how to love.\" \"And why didn't you try that before?\" \"There were lots of reasons.\" \"Can you name any of them?\" She opened her mouth, but nothing came out. She thought hard on it. She knew there was a time she had possessed a number of reasons not to let others into her heart, but now she couldn't name a single one of them. \"I don't remember.\" She smiled and said it again. \"I don't remember!\" He smiled as he drove on. \"There's your answer. I just... nah never mind.\" She frowned. \"No, go on. What were you going to say?\" He sighed. \"I just wish you could have done that here... with me.\" \"Oh.\" She placed her hand on his arm. They hadn't had much of a chance to talk about what he'd revealed to her in Fantasia, how he'd loved her all this time. \"Jason, I'm sorry.\" \"Adair don't.\" He snapped, but not harshly. \"Don't apologize. I know it didn't work out the way I wanted it to, but don't be sorry. Because I could never be sorry for what we had.\" He looked at her for the first time since they'd gotten in the car. They had pulled into the front of Bastian's shop. She hadn't noticed they'd arrived. He gave her a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. \"You'll always be my first.\" She reached across her seat and hugged him. \"Thank you.\" She whispered in his ear. \"Thank you for being my friend even when I was too stupid to want one.\" He took her by her shoulders and looked her in the eye. \"Thank you for giving me someone to be stupid with.\" She smiled and unlocked her seat belt, opening her door. She looked back to him. \"Aren't you coming?\" \"I'll be there in a minute.\" He assured her. He reached into his back seat and pulled his backpack from under the bench. \"Got some reading to do.\" He unzipped the bag and pulled out a familiar book bound in coppery silk. \"You've had it the whole time?\" Adair gasped. \"Yeah, I picked it up before I came and got you after... Atreyu came out of it.\" He lingered over the last part, not wanting to bring up the horrific experience they'd all just gone through. \"Well be careful. Don't you dare go in there without me.\" \"Wasn't planning on it.\" He promised. \"I just feel bad for Falkor and Deisha being left out of the loop like this. So I've been trying to keep an eye on them. The others too. Don't worry, I've been reading it since the hospital, and nothing weird happened.\" Adair felt a sudden surge of guilt. With Atreyu being at death's door since their return, she hadn't really thought of the friends they'd left behind in Fantasia. \"How are they?\" \"They're holding up. I won't lie, there was kind of a panic when we left. But Volrac hasn't attacked again, so now the Fantasians at the tower are just regrouping. Most of them have set up camp in the infinite garden.\" \"The Tuatha?\" \"Hykrion and the Rockbiters found them.\" \"What about the rest?\" \"I can't find Deisha.\" He admitted. \"But I'm sure she's okay. She's just not with the others.\" \"And Falkor?\" He hesitated. \"Not good. Unless hope comes back to Fantasia, he's just going to keep getting weaker, just like the Childlike Empress.\" She nodded. \"Then we have to finish this.\" \"Right. But hey, don't tell Atreyu just yet. He's still recovering. I don't want to turn him into a wreck by making him worry.\" \"Alright.\" She agreed. \"I'll see you inside.\" She went to the door of the shop and turned the handle. But before she went inside she lingered to look back at Jason. He had already started reading. When he noticed she was looking at him, he gave her a reassuring smile and waved. She waved back and an unpleasant feeling came over her. Why does it feel like I'm waving goodbye? She shook the thought away and let herself into the bookshop. Jason's smile faded when she disappeared from view. He knew what awaited on the other side of that glass door with its faded lettering. And the truth was, he didn't want to watch her drift forever away from him into the arms of someone else. But if he had known what would happen next, he may have wished to stay with her a little longer. Adair let herself into Bastian's shop, a tinkling of bells on the door signaling her arrival. It was just as cluttered as she remembered. In truth it was worse now because so many of the books had been moved from the shelves and were strewn or stacked all over the floor. She was greeted by an older woman she didn't recognize who emerged from behind the desk and the familiar armchair. She walked right up to her with a bright smile on her face. \"You must be Adair.\" She said, taking both the girl's hands in hers. \"I'm Christa, Bastian's wife. Please come in. It's so good to meet you.\" Adair was a little staggered by her abruptness at ushering her into the shop. \"Uh, likewise.\" \"She's here dear.\" Christa called to the armchair. Adair let herself be taken further into the shop with its smell of well worn musty pages. She found Bastian was the one seated in the armchair. Her heart jumped when she noticed Atreyu sitting cross-legged on the floor next to him, holding an open book up for him. Neither of them had noticed her and Christa approach just yet, and Adair didn't speak up at once either. She was satisfied just to see him with all the color back in his face, the gauntness and exhaustion gone. What was more, there was a new light in his dark eyes she had not seen before. He seemed happier and more free than she could recall. \"And these letters,\" Atreyu said, pointing to a part of the book. \"What do they spell?\" Bastian adjusted his glasses and peered at the book. \"My friend, that's your name. This was where you entered this story.\" \"Oh.\" Atreyu looked a little embarrassed. \"Don't worry, you'll get the hang of it. You're doing fine. But why don't we put the book away for a moment.\" Atreyu looked up from the page and his face brightened even more when his eyes met hers. She could feel the warmth coming from him like it was a light filling the entire room. He jumped to his feet. \"Adair, you have to come see this!\" He cried, pointing to the book he'd been holding. \"Bastian's written so many books since he returned here. They're all about Fantasia! And look, I'm in every one!\" He drew close to her side and held the book open for her. \"Look here. Read this part.\" She tried to stifle a laugh at his excitement. She cleared her throat and read a sentence aloud. \"The rain water made the treetops of the Singing Tree Forest glisten like a silvery canvas. And when the raindrops struck the leaves, Atreyu and Falkor could hear their music as they flew over the canopy: familiar tunes, haunting ones that made them want to cry, and lively ones that made them want to dance.\" \"It's true! It's all true!\" He exclaimed. \"It's like he was right there with me the whole time through all of it!\" His joy was contagious. \"That's amazing!\" She squeezed his hand. Their eyes met again and a sudden bashfulness washed over them both. Christa and Bastian looked on, their eyes glowing with nostalgia as they remembered a time years ago when they had been young and in love like the pair in front of them. \"So are you...\" she stammered, \"okay now? I mean, are you... you?\" Though it was clear to her he'd recovered, she still wished for that reassurance. She knew that if they were going to face whatever awaited them with Iole's return, she'd need him. The real him. He said nothing as he set his book down on the armrest of the chair. Then swiftly, he looped his arms through hers and pressed her to him. He lifted her off her feet and spun her as she yelped in surprise. That made the rest of them laugh. \"Okay! I get it! Put me down already!\" She laughed. The laughter inside the shop drifted out into the street and reached Jason who remained in the driver's seat of his car. He smiled, but it wasn't the same kind of smile the ones inside were sharing. It was a sad one that a person makes who's trying to be happy because they know that things are happening for the best, even if it's not what they want. He took a deep breath and opened the Neverending Story. The Infinite Labyrinth outside the Ivory Tower had been dotted all over with small campfires only a night before, and the tower had been lit. But now the great tower stood empty, and very few fires remained. So many of the legion that had fought to protect the Ivory Tower from Volrac's assault had given up and returned to their little corners of Fantasia to await the end. Not a soul remained in the Ivory Tower as far as anyone knew. Being inside it just reminded all of them of the tragic state of their Empress, still trapped in her enchanted sleep, encased in crystal by her seven powers. Nothing saddened them more than to know that there was nothing they could do to help her, and she in turn could not save them as she was. But some stalwart heroes remained. The Plains People had stayed behind out of loyalty to Atreyu if for no other reason. And there were still others, however few that still believed that Moon Child was not beaten yet, nor was Adair, the human she had chosen. And gathered around one fire in particular were some of the most dedicated to the cause of the true Fantasia: Bahzha who had once been called Hydorn, his wife Ainslee, Hykrion once \"the Strong\", now \"the Marauder\", along with his band of Rockbiters and the silver-eyed children they protected, Hysbald and his two Gnommic companions Engywook and Urgl, Ze'hara the Plains Shamaness, and Falkor the Luckdragon. But the days had dragged on, and even they were beginning to feel their hope fading like the embers of their fire. \"Let me get that.\" Falkor wheezed as he attempted to breathe some life back into the fire. A few blue wisps of smoke escaped his mouth, but he choked before he could create any real fire. \"Stop wasting your energy!\" Urgl scolded, wagging her gnarled old finger at him. \"You need to rest and finish the medicine I brewed for you!\" Falkor managed a weak grin. \"Thank you for your help Urgl... but I'm afraid no amount of medicine can help me now. I can't even fly anymore.\" \"Nonsense!\" Urgl shrieked, biting back tears. \"Just need a little medicine is all. You'll be right as rain in no time.\" Engywook watched his wife in silence. Most wondered why he wasn't trying to argue her out of wasting her time on what he dubbed her silly remedies. But he knew what his wife was really doing was trying to keep herself busy. She couldn't let herself stop trying to help, because the moment she did was the moment she gave up. Ze'hara too had been exhausting much of her strength, trying to find the answers to their questions. She had seldom looked away from the fire, trying to see a vision in its flames, to hear a message in its crackle. Her eyes had become swollen and red from the smoke, but still she kept her vigil without rest. \"Do you see anything about Atreyu?\" Bahzha asked. Ze'hara only shook her head sadly. \"Adair? Jason?\" Again the wise woman shook her head, her long graying black hair swinging like a curtain behind her. \"I see nothing of any of them.\" \"Then are they...\" Hysbald trailed off, not wanting to finish that thought. \"No.\" Ze'hara answered firmly. \"If they were I would have seen it by now. But there is nothing of them for me to see. It's as if they've left Fantasia. It would make sense if Adair and Jason had returned to their world, but for Atreyu to be gone as well... I don't know what it means.\" \"What about Deisha?\" Bahzha asked. \"You said she wasn't with them.\" \"I can see her.\" Ze'hara assured him. \"But it is still as I said. The path of her life has changed and not even the fire can show me her direction for now.\" \"Well what are we supposed to do?\" Hykrion grumbled. \"I for one would rather not sit around here stewing and waiting for Volrac to strike again.\" \"I'm afraid we have no choice.\" Ze'hara lectured the brash knight. \"Uncle Hykrion...\" little Daisy of the Tuatha children climbed into Hykrion's lap. \"Did Adair forget about us?\" A sad smile tugged at the corner of his mouth, almost hidden by his grand black mustache. \"How could anyone forget you little Daisy, or any of you? She'll be back. You'll see. And she's going to show that big bad wolf a thing or two when she returns.\" Though his words were optimistic, he had begun to wonder the same thing. Why had the one who was supposed to save them suddenly disappeared when they needed her most? \"What if they did leave Fantasia?\" Daisy began to cry. \"How will they get back?\" Falcon scooted next to Hykrion and patted his sister's bright pink hair. \"Don't cry Daisy. She'll come back just like Uncle Hykrion promised.\" \"How?\" \"With luck.\" Falcon replied firmly. \"Smart lad.\" Falkor chuckled. Then he coughed so fiercely it sent shudders through each of them. \"I'm sorry. It wouldn't be so bad if not for the smell.\" \"What smell?\" Hysbald asked. \"How can you not notice? It's this overpowering scent of cinnamon and roses.\" Falkor complained as he wrinkled his nose. When Hykrion heard that, the ends of his mustache twitched. He made to stand up and set Daisy down gently next to Falcon. \"Where are you going Uncle Hykrion?\" Daisy tugged on the leg of his trousers. \"I'm just going to do a little scouting.\" He whispered so the others wouldn't hear. \"I'll be right back. Falcon, watch your brothers and sisters until I get back.\" \"Yes sir.\" Hykrion stepped back cautiously, not wanting to alert anyone that he was leaving. He tried to sniff out the scent that Falkor had complained about earlier. While he didn't possess the Luckdragon's incredible nose, now that he knew it was there he was able to ferret it out. It led him around the corner of one of the hedges. Not far off from where they camped he found her. The light of dusk still shone in her autumn red curls. The freckled red haired woman look very different from the one he remembered, but he could not mistake her eyes, or the scent that had led him here. \"Hello Hykrion.\" She said in a subdued voice. Hykrion grimaced. \"Hello Matilda. Or do you just go by Shadeseeker now?\" She lowered her reddish brown eyes, unable to meet his gaze. \"Just Matilda is fine. How did you know I was here?\" \"The Luckdragon has a very keen nose, and you still wear the same perfume.\" The knight folded his broad arms. \"What are you doing here?\" She didn't answer at first. \"Should I expect the rest of your coven to be here soon?\" \"No.\" she replied. \"The ones you didn't kill... are no longer with me.\" \"Are you part of this?\" He demanded. \"Are you on Volrac's side?\" \"I was.\" She admitted. \"After so long traveling, my sisters and I began aging. We turned on each other, stealing one another's years until I was the last one left.\" \"You always were the most cunning.\" Hykrion said, but it wasn't in flattery. \"But it didn't last.\" \"So you made a deal with the devil then.\" She nodded. \"He said he could grant my wish. He gave me power, and I didn't care what we were doing so long as I got what I wanted. \"Why are you telling me this?\" \"You may have heard the human Adair Alicia Artemis defeated me.\" \"We don't get much news in our part of Fantasia. Then again, we don't get many witches either so I can't complain.\" Part of her seemed to shrink into herself when he snapped at her. She was silent for awhile and he sighed. \"What happened then?\" \"I lost my power and my youth. I thought I had nothing. Somehow I wandered into the country of the Sassafranians. I was so old and ugly they believed I was one of their children at first. They nursed me back to health. I didn't tell them who I was right away. After they learned I was an outsider, I asked if they had a place for me. I know about herbs and potions, and their children are born so old and frail that they have many ailments. For the first time I was using my powers to help someone other than me and... it felt good. I didn't notice at first, but little by little I grew younger. I don't know if it was being in their country or something else. But either way, the more I helped them, the younger I became.\" \"So why aren't you there now?\" \"They found out who I was.\" She replied with a little sadness in her voice. \"Rumors began to surface of just how I gained my youth back. They were kind about it, but in the end I was asked to leave.\" \"And did you?... Steal their youth I mean.\" She looked him in the eye for the first time, and her reddish brown eyes held no mystery or deceit in them any longer. For the first time since he'd known her, they were clear and honest. \"No. I could never go back to doing that. Not after I've felt the other side. That's what I came here to tell you. You and the children don't have to be afraid of us anymore. I'm all that's left and I swear I will never touch them again.\" \"And you came all this way to tell me that. A letter wouldn't have done?\" \"I wanted... I just wanted to look you in the eye and tell you I'm sorry. I'm sorry for the lies. I'm sorry that I used you, and I am so sorry that I used the children. But I know that nothing I say will ever make it okay. Apologies won't change what I did. So I'm here now.\" She closed her eyes and threw her arms open wide. \"Do what you will with me. Just know that I meant every word.\" In the silence between them, she never opened her eyes, but she could feel his eyes on her, studying her, trying to piece together what had been said. Then suddenly he grabbed her by the arm. His grip was strong and his hand wrapped easily around her elbow. She was powerless to resist as he dragged her after him. His strides were so long and purposeful that she nearly tripped trying to keep up. Though she allowed herself to be dragged in silence, she was frightened. Her mind raced as she imagined what he planned to do. Was he going to take her to some secret place and strangle her? Was he going to drag her before his companions and the children so they could see justice done? Would he give her to the Rockbiters so they could stone her or tear her apart with their bare hands? In Matilda's mind, one who was still very new to the strongest magic, it was easy to imagine the world this way, cold and unforgiving. It had not occurred to her that true words spoken in love can make a person see that even a heart that had been as dark as Shadeseeker's could be honest. He pulled her into a clearing walled off by hedges. It was a small pond where large gold and silver fish swam in circles. He pulled her to the edge and took her by the nape of her neck, pushing her to her knees. She fully expected him to plunge her face into the water and drown her, and there was nothing she could have done to fight off his strength even she'd wanted to. \"Look.\" He demanded. She complied and stared into the water, but all she saw was her own reflection. It was something she had obsessed over at one time, and feared at another. But she hadn't truly looked at it in some time. She looked different. She was beautiful, yet not the same as when she had stolen youth from others. There was a new kind of beauty there, a warm one that came from light someone carries within and lets shine out. She looked back up at him. \"I don't understand.\" He looked into her with his intense eyes under his stern brow. \"It seems Fantasia believes you deserve a second chance. So I suppose I believe it too.\" She felt her knees go weak then and all her strength left her frame as she fell into him, resting her head beneath his chin. He put his strong arms around her and the two of them remained there for some time. Though she didn't know it then, the Tuatha are very quick to forgive, and they love anyone who loves them. When she returned with Hykrion, they would welcome Matilda with open arms and claim her as their \"Auntie\". Together the Knight, the Sorceress, and the Rockbiters would journey to find a new home for the Tuatha where they could live and play without fear, a place more beautiful than they ever imagined. But that is another story and shall be told another time. \"Huh.\" Jason mused. \"So that's who Matilda was.\" He remarked to himself, remembering the kindly woman who had told him and Iole how to reach the Seeker's castle. \"Looks like that's another story we have to make sure happens.\" He ran his fingers over the words, thinking back sadly to their friends still confused and worried over their disappearance and what it meant for the overall fate of their two worlds. \"Don't worry guys. We're coming.\" He promised, hoping they could sense it somehow. He went on reading. As the two loves reconciled, they didn't notice the quaking of the ground at first. But the others whom Hykrion had left behind at the campfire did. It began as a low rumble that they felt beneath their feet. Falkor's ears perked up and Ze'hara looked up from her fire, sensing something foul on the wind. Engywook and Urgl were bounced off the ground like little jumping beans, and the vibrations rattled their old bones as they clung to each other to steady themselves. The instruments on Hysbald's wheelchair rattled and shook as the ground began to shake more and more. Then they heard a fierce crack like thunder split the sky. Matilda clung tighter to Hykrion and he pressed her to him, desperately hoping to shield her from whatever was going on. Great black clouds swirled in the sky, closing in above the Ivory Tower. Dirt and stones were thrown high into the air, covering the ground in a thick miasma. They were being flung every which way by the great thorn covered branches that were erupting from the ground. The Forest of Thorns had returned and was surrounding the Ivory Tower. At the tower's peak where the Magnolia Pavilion had once stood, the darkness from Sikanda's blade that had poisoned the stones of the tower was spreading like the toxic black water of a swamp. Ze'hara pointed and cried in horror as the ivory white of the tower turned obsidian black. Now the Forest of Thorns wasn't just surrounding the tower. Its branches were forcing their way into its walls, merging with it and melding together with the newly blackened stone. And as the darkness enveloped the tower, all the light of Fantasia seemed to go with it. \"No, no, no!\" Jason snapped the book shut and flung the door of his car open. He sprinted around it and towards the shop, running so blindly he slammed right into someone else. \"Whoah, what's gotten into you?\" Iole asked. She took him swiftly by both shoulders to stop him from falling flat on his back. \"Iole! You're back! Hurry you have to send us back!\" He held the pages of the book open, waving them frantically. \"What are you talking about?\" \"There's no time! They're all in danger! Me, Adair, and Atreyu have to go back now!\" Whatever Iole had been about to say, it was cut short by a clap of thunder. Just as they had in the passage Jason had just read, dark clouds swirled overhead and blotted out the sunlight. Iole swung Jason behind her by the arm and stood protectively in front of him. Her arms morphed into scales and claws as she swiveled her head from side to side, looking sharp for any unseen foe. \"He's here.\" She hissed. A column of shadows descended from the sky and swirled into a solid dark mass. The feral snout and eyes of a wolf poked through, connected to a shadowy form. When its eyes landed on Jason, evil greenish-yellow eyes that burned with hatred, he knew he was looking upon the creature that murdered Adair's mother and father. \"I can't stay long White Dragon, and I don't care to.\" Volrac snarled. \"I'm here for the boy.\" Iole stood firm. \"You remember what happened the last time we tangled.\" \"This won't be like ten years ago. My power has surpassed even your kind.\" \"You're welcome to test that.\" Volrac's snout curled into a hideous grin. \"You look tired White Dragon.\" Jason could see it as well. That same fatigue he had seen in her earlier was still there. Diving to her home world must have taken a great deal of her strength. \"I'm not moving.\" She bared her teeth. \"How I would relish an honorable battle with you. How I would moan in delight as I crushed your throat between my fangs. But my time is short, and so is yours.\" With a bloodcurdling howl, Volrac's shadow lunged, its claws extended. But it did not collide with Iole. Instead the shadow passed through her like smoke. It rippled over her body like a shock wave, robbing her of her remaining strength and knocking her onto her back. She rolled onto her stomach and tried to push herself up, but she found herself too weak and it was too late. The darkness swirled around Jason, trapping him in itself. And it didn't just flow over his body. He felt its clawed fingers running over his mind. It made him scream and want to vomit. He heard Volrac growl as his shadow reached up and caressed his neck. You don't have it. He heard the Nightmare King's voice in his head. The tinkling of bells sounded as the door to the shop was flung open. \"Jason!\" Adair and Atreyu stood in the doorway, unarmed but ready to charge. Jason felt the shadow flicker with excitement when it saw Adair. Then Jason knew what it was really after. \"Adair stay back! He wants AURYN!\" \"Come here!\" Volrac roared. Adair made to run to him. He couldn't let her. They could not let him get it. \"Atreyu keep her back! Don't come near me!\" Atreyu obeyed and blocked her path. Jason could see the fear in his eyes. He wanted to run to his aid. \"Don't do it!\" Jason shouted above the roar. \"This is not the time to be a hero! Stay away from me!\" The shadow over him quivered with rage and Jason knew Volrac's time in the human world was up. It needed to return to Fantasia or risk losing its form. Jason breathed a sigh of relief that the monster had not obtained its desires. Then all the darkness that was Volrac suddenly compressed into his body, darkness merging with his flesh and encasing him in its will. His vision was suddenly blinded by green-yellow fire as Volrac's eyes became his eyes. He felt his face twist with hate as the monster used his mouth as its own. \"You will deliver AURYN to me Adair Alicia Artemis.\" It hissed through Jason's lips. \"You will bring it to the tower before Fantasia's next sundown. Make no mistake, if you fail his life is mine!\" As swiftly as it had come, the darkness lifted, and it took Jason with it. Adair sat on the armchair in Bastian's shop, her knees quivering and her stomach tying in knots, but her mouth was set in a hard line. Atreyu sat beside her on the armrest of the chair, his hand on her shoulder. \"Are you telling me Jason's gone?\" Rosemary asked. She and her children had pulled up shortly after Jason had been taken. Brian and Jamie were more quiet than anyone thought they could be. They kept switching sympathetic gazes between their mother and their cousin. Lizzie sat quietly on Brian's lap and was very still for someone of her age. She didn't know what was going on, but all her attention was fixed on Atreyu. Even as young as she was, she knew there was something different about him and that had her little mind enthralled. \"Volrac thought he had AURYN.\" Iole explained, leaning against one of the bookshelves. Her long dark hair hung loose around her shoulders and her eyes were sunken in. She looked very haggard. \"When his time in this world ran out, he took Jason hostage.\" \"How was he able to do that?\" Atreyu asked. \"At first I thought the Seekers allowed him through the first time. But their magic couldn't even get me here safely.\" Iole nodded. \"You're right, that wasn't their magic he was using. It was just as dark, but it didn't have their scent.\" \"Who cares how he got here!\" Rosemary shouted and pointed a finger at Iole. \"The real question should be what you're going to do about this!\" \"Good woman, please calm yourself.\" Bastian admonished her. \"We're all trying to solve this crisis.\" \"If Jason's life is at stake,\" Christa offered. \"Perhaps it would be best to just give him what he wants.\" There were several in the room who had their opinions on that idea, Atreyu being one of the fiercest, but it was Adair who spoke. \"No.\" Everyone in the room looked to her. She hadn't moved, and in spite of her best friend being taken by her worst nightmare in front of her eyes, she was frighteningly calm. \"I let Volrac push me into that decision last time. He expects me to do it again. But if I do, then what Jason just did for us won't mean anything. We're not letting him have his way anymore. We're going back to Fantasia and getting Jason back ourselves.\" Rosemary rounded on her niece sternly. \"That's out of the question. I'm not letting you anywhere near that monster. Fancy medallion or no, I am still your aunt.\" \"Aunt Rosemary, this isn't something you can stop. It's something I have to do. I'm going.\" \"No you're not.\" It was Iole. Adair centered an indignant gaze on her. The dragon woman seemed sympathetic, but unmoved. \"The decision's been made. You can't go back to Fantasia.\" Adair shot up from her seat. \"What do you mean?!\" Iole sighed. \"The balance of the two worlds is leagues out of sync. Most of that is Volrac's doing, but you caused a huge disruption when you brought Atreyu here.\" \"Who cares about the balance?!\" Adair cried. \"This is about Jason's life! This is about doing the right thing!\" \"Sometimes right and wrong are too big to take into your own hands! Remember that Volrac thinks what he's doing is right!\" Iole was less than a hand taller than Adair, and the exhaustion was plain on her face. But when she spoke, she seemed to loom much taller than she was. Adair didn't argue, but her eyes were pleading. Iole shrank back to her part of the room. \"Fantasia and the human world can still get back on track, but it has to be in their own way and on their own. We can't interfere anymore. I...\" she hesitated, appearing to hate her own message as much as they did. \"I've been taken off this case. This is the last help I was allowed to give you.\" Adair shook her head stubbornly. \"Then what are we supposed to do? Let it happen and hope for the best?\" \"I didn't say that.\" Iole pointed out. \"You can't go to Fantasia to defeat Volrac. Only a Fantasian hero can do that.\" Adair felt Atreyu's hand on her shoulder. He turned her to face him. His steady dark eyes stared into her hazel green. \"She's right. It has to be me.\" She shook her head. \"I can't just let you go without me. We're in this together remember?\" \"You are.\" Iole agreed. \"That's why he needs you here. You're a human. He's a Fantasian. Your worlds are in this together, they need to work together. He needs to go in and be the hero.\" \"And me?\" She asked, not able to look or Atreyu in the eye. \"I'm supposed to do what?\" Iole stepped to her side and held something out to her. It was the book Jason had dropped. It was the book that had pulled her into this. The book that connected them all. \"You read.\" \"That's it?\" Adair was fuming now. \"I'm just supposed to read about the danger he's in, safe and cozy in this shop while Atreyu and my best friend are over there fighting.\" \"Adair.\" Atreyu reached for her. His hand felt warm as he brought it against her cheek. He pulled her face towards his so their eyes could meet again. \"I need you here. I need you to believe in me now, the way that I've believed in you all this time. I can't do this without you.\" She felt herself losing resolve. Her lip was quivering as she rested her hand against his. \"Promise me you'll come back.\" \"Listen.\" He drew so close to her she thought their lips would touch. \"Fantasians don't have dreams of their own. We live out the dreams of humans. But for the first time I have a dream. You gave it to me, but I know beyond doubt that it's mine. I want a future with you. So don't doubt that I'm coming back for you.\" Pure love. She thought. Moon Child's warning. Only pure love could save them now. But how could it save them if they were apart? She tried to remember the rest of what Moon Child had said, but that wasn't just remembering a dream. She was trying to remember a dream within a dream, and that was much harder. \"I promise.\" Atreyu repeated. \"Adair, it's time.\" Iole pressed. She nodded, but rather than take the book Iole held out to her, she reached for the chain around her neck. She took AURYN from her neck and looped it over Atreyu's head. \"Then you can give this back to Moon Child when she wakes up. And tell her thanks for everything.\" \"Good luck old friend.\" Bastian smiled from where he stood hand in hand with his wife. \"Be careful.\" Christa said in her sweet voice. \"Thank you.\" Atreyu said. \"I'll never forget what you've done.\" \"You better keep that promise.\" Rosemary smiled. \"If you upset my niece, you'll have to deal with me.\" Once more, Iole held the book out for Adair to take. She didn't say a word as Adair took it from her, and she didn't meet her eyes. Once she released the book she went straight back to leaning against the wall as if being in the middle of these exchanges made her uncomfortable. \"Adair, start reading. Atreyu stand in the middle of the room. Everyone else get back and don't touch him.\" Adair grasped Atreyu's hand one more time and didn't let go of it even as she walked away. When she could no longer hold onto his fingers, she let her hand fall and sat in the armchair with the book in her lap. Everyone else found a stool or a chair or sat on the floor around the edge of the room. Bastian went to flip the sign on the door so it read \"Closed\". Rosemary sat on a stool with her baby girl on her lap and her sons on the floor in front of her. Little Lizzie looked in confusion between Adair and Atreyu. She pointed a chubby little finger at him. \"Wha'happen?\" She asked in her childish way. Adair looked at her little cousin and smiled through her tears. \"Get ready Lizzie. I'm about to read us a story.\" Then she opened the book and began to read aloud. Atreyu awoke on his back, lying atop soft ground. A collective gasp from everyone but Bastian and Iole interrupted Adair's reading. She looked up even though she already knew what she would see. He was gone. She swallowed and kept reading. Atreyu awoke on his back, lying atop soft ground. Coming back to Fantasia had been far less painful than leaving it. It felt like slipping into a dream. Slowly, he sat up and found that he was no longer wearing the clothes Bastian had given him. He was back in his familiar leather tunic and boots. With some concern he reached for his chest. He felt relief as his fingers clasped around the medallion. AURYN had come back with him. It was back where it belonged. \"He's here!\" Came a voice from behind him. It occurred to him that he didn't know where he was. There was cool grass beneath him, but it was not the plains. Around him there were green hedges that walled off some kind of garden. The infinite labyrinth! \"I found him!\" That voice came again, accompanied by a stampede of footsteps as they came thundering into the clearing to surround him. \"Atreyu!\" It was Bahzha, and he had called the others of their little band: Hysbald with Engywook and Urgl perched on his shoulders, Ze'hara, and Hykrion surrounded by the Tuatha children. At his side was a red haired woman he didn't recognize. The Rockbiters came lumbering after them. The tall fellow plainsmen helped him to his feet. \"What happened to you?\" \"Where have you been?\" Hykrion demanded. \"You're not hurt are you?\" Urgl snapped. \"Will you let him alone woman!\" Engywook chortled. \"Anyone can see that he's perfectly unharmed!\" \"The same won't be said of you very soon if you keep making diagnosis for me!\" \"Both of you give him a moment to breathe.\" Hysbald reprimanded them both. \"My child!\" Ze'hara seized him by both shoulders and kissed his forehead. \"I finally caught a glimpse of you in my fire this morning. We've been searching all day for you.\" Her words carried a dreadful meaning for him. \"All day? What's the hour now?\" She looked confused. \"Nearly sundown. Why?\" Sundown. Volrac's ultimatum was only minutes away. \"Listen. We don't have much time. Volrac has Jason and unless we rescue him by sundown, he'll kill him. I need to get to the Ivory Tower.\" Bahzha winced. \"About that.\" He pointed over the horizon and Atreyu's eyes filled with horror. The Ivory Tower was gone. In its place, jutting against the sky like a poisoned dagger was a heart wrenching construct of obsidian stone and thorn covered branches. \"It happened just last night. No one's been able to breach the Forest of Thorns. It's merged with the Ivory Tower.\" \"The darkness in Sikanda's blade turned it black.\" said the strange red haired woman who stood with Hykrion. \"It's the Obsidian Tower now.\" \"What's left of the army has been trying to cut their way through the thorns, but they just grow back.\" Hykrion explained. \"Not only that, they lash out.\" The woman nodded. \"Anyone pierced by a thorn is overcome with fear or plunge into a bottomless sadness. We've kept our distance.\" \"Has anyone tried to fly over it?\" Atreyu asked. Hysbald wheeled his chair forward. \"Sure did. The vines reach higher than you'd think. They nearly knocked me out of sky. The song cannon doesn't work on them either.\" \"What about Falkor?\" The group felt silent. They each looked to each other, silently asking someone else to tell him something they didn't want to say out loud. \"What is it? Where's Falkor?\" Ze'hara took him by the hand. \"Come with us.\" She led Atreyu and the rest of the party followed. They seemed to drag their feet behind him. She led him down several passageways through the maze of hedges into another clearing. Lying in the center around the ashes of their campfire was Falkor. His breathing was ragged and came out in short forced wheezes. White clumps of fur lay on the ground from where he had shed them. His once pearly pink scales were faded to gray, and his eyes were no longer the glistening rubies they had been. They were dull and brown. \"Falkor!\" Atreyu rushed to his friend and threw his arms over him. \"Well... you took your time.\" Falkor turned his heavy head to Atreyu, and in spite of his obvious pain he forced a smile. \"Where have you been?\" \"It's a long story. What's happened to you?\" \"The more hope in Fantasia dies, the weaker I become. Are the others with you?\" Atreyu fingered the medallion around his neck and Falkor nodded knowingly. \"I see. So Adair has left us then.\" The others murmured to each other, suddenly disheartened by the news. \"She's no longer in Fantasia, but she is still with us. She's going to help us. It's Jason we need to worry about.\" \"Jason? What's happened to him?\" \"Volrac has him in the tower.\" \"I see.\" Falkor said sadly, sounding older and wearier than Atreyu had ever heard him. \"What about Deisha?\" \"Deisha?\" Atreyu blinked. \"I thought she was with you.\" \"She disappeared around the same time the three of you did.\" Atreyu shook his head. \"Wherever she is, I'm sure she's in trouble. She can't stay out it can she?\" \"Sounds like someone I know.\" Atreyu rubbed a hand down Falkor's side. The Luckdragon was clammy and cold. \"You really can't fly?\" \"Would I even be touching ground if I could?\" The young warrior sighed. \"We're running out of time. How are we getting out of this one?\" Falkor winked one of his faded eyes. \"With luck.\" That gave Atreyu an idea. He looked down at AURYN. The talisman was meant to protect him wherever he went in Fantasia. It had done so before. It had protected Adair as well in spite of Moon Child's waning power. Could it get him through the Forest of Thorns? He grimaced. Perhaps that was what Volrac was counting on. He looked to his companions who were all waiting on him. \"Listen to me. I'm getting into the tower one way or the other, and I'm not leaving until Volrac's curse on Fantasia is broken.\" \"You're going in alone?\" Urgl shrieked. \"Are you daft boy? Who knows what kinds of monsters are lurking in there!\" Bahzha stepped forward. \"Plains people look out for each other. You can't ask me to stay behind while you go in there.\" There were other cries of protest as well from the others, but Ze'hara said nothing. Instead she studied him with her intense dark eyes that bulged in the middle of her thin face. She held up one willowy hand to silence the rest of them. She spoke directly to Atreyu. \"AURYN will protect only you.\" She stated. He nodded. \"You are the only one who can enter the tower. Then this happened for a reason. This is something only you can do.\" She stepped forward and took both of his hands. She bent forward and kissed him on the forehead. \"But know that we will be with you wherever you go. Be well Mi'tah'zha.\" \"Thank you Te'mah.\" Bahzha stepped to her side, carrying something in his arms. \"At least take these with you.\" Atreyu was awed to see that he carried his sword, his bow, and his quiver. \"You left them at the inn when you went to find Adair.\" He took them gratefully and strapped the blade, bow, and arrows to his back. Then he said his farewells to the others. The Tuatha children cried when it was there turn. \"No tears.\" Atreyu told them, taking a knee to look them in the eye. \"I need all of you to stay strong and protect everyone else while I'm gone.\" \"We will.\" Falcon promised, stifling his tears. Daisy held onto her brother's hand and wiped her eyes. \"I hope we can play again some time.\" \"Do us proud in there laddie.\" Engywook smiled. \"And remember, brain over brawn.\" \"And your heart.\" Urgl added. \"Don't forget that. You've got a good strong heart.\" Hykrion stuttered and stammered to find the right words. \"Listen Atreyu... things weren't always good with us. I may have said some things that challenged your honor. But I've seen you now for who you are. You are a man of courage and honor, and I am proud to have been your comrade.\" \"And I am proud to have called you my friend.\" Hykrion's face soured as if he had been wounded. He nearly choked on his next words. \"Don't go soft on me now. Hurry and get out of here.\" Hysbald wheeled to his old companion's side. \"Hykrion the Strong, are you crying?\" \"Don't be ridiculous! My eyes were dried out from the cradle!\" \"Come on, we're wishing him luck. Not saying goodbye.\" \"Indeed.\" Bahzha agreed. \"In the language of the Plains, there is no goodbye. There is simply Yadalanh She'nai.\" \"What does that mean?\" Hysbald asked. \"Till we meet again my brother.\" Atreyu nodded and shook Bahzha's hand firmly. \"Yadalanh.\" As they all looked on, Atreyu made his way in the direction of the tower. Just before he left the clearing, he remembered something and called back. \"Bahzha, Hykrion, Hysbald! I have a message from Bastian!\" All three of them froze in surprise. \"You saw Lord Bastian?\" Hykrion asked incredulously. \"He wanted to thank you for your loyalty, and tell you that you each completed your quest as true knights. For your next quest, he wants you to find your own happiness.\" Atreyu smiled as he watched the three of them come to the same realization he had earlier. That Bastian had remembered them and their loyalty. That after all this time he was still their friend. \"Lord Bastian said that?\" Hykrion choked again. \"If you see him again...\" Bahzha called, having to clear his throat. \"Tell him we've already found it.\" Without another word, Atreyu made his way toward the Forest of Thorns. The twisted branches had done severe damage to the grounds as they burst to the surface. Entire gardens had been torn apart and the labyrinth's walls that had stood in their way were now nothing more than crushed twigs and scattered leaves. He saw the winding branches before him, twisting and tangling to block his path. They moved together like a den of snakes. He was without fear as he pressed forward. Just as he had believed, the thorns began to shy away from him like demons afraid of the light. But as the path ahead was cleared, he began to wonder why AURYN was able to protect him here. Had it really been Moon Child's power, or was he allowed through because this is what Volrac wanted? He clenched his fingers around the Gem and whispered. \"Adair.\" He said, for he knew she was listening. \"We have less time than we thought. Do what you can to find Jason.\" Adair wasn't sure how to do what Atreyu had asked, or what she would do if she could find Jason in the story, but she knew he was right. They were running out of time. It wasn't easy to take her thoughts off of Atreyu while the danger surrounded him, but she thought about Jason, focused her thoughts on him and turned the page. Meanwhile, somewhere in the Obsidian Tower Jason had long given up trying to climb out of the holding cell he'd been thrown in. It was a small circular room of rough brick in the floor of some chamber. He had no idea where he was, but if he had to guess he would have said it was somewhere in the upper chambers because of the still breeze coming through the floor. The only opening was an iron grate over a round manhole. He had already exhausted any tools in his pocket that may have been able to pick the lock (which to his dismay was nothing more than a few paper clips he had collected without thinking at some forgotten point in time). Not only was the lock impossible to pick, he knew it would be enchanted as well. He was Volrac's only leverage to obtain the Glory. He wasn't going to take any chances. There were no loose stones to be found either, so burrowing his way out was not an option. So instead of thoughts of escape, he was content to wait for Volrac and the Seekers to reach a decision on what was to be done with him when they realized Adair wasn't going to give them what they wanted. At the very least, he took comfort in knowing Volrac would not have AURYN. He heard light footsteps coming. He guessed it was Nag coming to toss him some meager scraps of rotten food as it had already done. It had been the Witch-beast who threw him into this prison when he arrived. \"Unless you have a T-Bone steak with some mashed potatoes, you can hurl it straight out the window. Then do me a favor and follow it.\" \"Does that go for prison keys too?\" Jason jumped to his feet when he heard that voice. Bracing one leg on the wall of his cell, he vaulted up the wall and grabbed hold of the bars of the manhole cover. He saw a pair of dark green eyes grinning down at him. She smiled as she jangled the ring of keys in front of him. \"Hello useless.\" \"Deisha! How did you get here?\" \"I never really left. After you guys disappeared, I searched the tower for you. I was in the Ivory Garden when I saw them.\" \"Saw who?\" \"The Seekers. They've been sneaking in and out the tower to cast some weird spells on that sword. I got stuck on this side when they darkened the tower. I've been spying on them to see if I can learn more about their plan. Lucky for me, they really like to talk. That's how I found out you were here.\" \"How did you get the keys?\" \"Thoth led me to them. I couldn't follow Nag because it might catch my scent. And Fay would be able to sense me. But Thoth always seems totally oblivious. I followed him all the way to their lair and he never once looked behind him.\" Jason smiled. \"I haven't been this happy to see you since... actually I've never been happy to see you.\" \"I could leave if you like.\" She smirked. \"But I took the trouble of bringing you a present, so I guess I'll forgive you.\" \"A present, for me? You shouldn't have.\" \"Surprise!\" She reached behind where she crouched and slid something into his view. \"My sword! Where did you get it?\" \"The Seekers moved a ton of junk into the council chamber when they took over. You'd think they were trying to move in.\" \"Whoa, Jason has a sword?\" Jamie exclaimed. \"When did he get so cool?\" Brian asked, sounding impressed. \"He was always cool.\" Jamie said proudly. \"Cool!\" Lizzie repeated. \"Boys, Adair's trying to read.\" Rosemary scolded. \"Sorry.\" They both said together. \"Sorry.\" Lizzie echoed. Adair rolled her eyes and started reading again. When Deisha found the right key, she thrust it into the lock and unfastened it. Jason pushed the cover open and she helped him out. \"Deisha, I could kiss you.\" He said with a grin. Her face hardened. \"Try it, and I'll punch your teeth in.\" Before he could tell her he'd been kidding, a shrill moaning filled their ears. It sounded like the mewling cries of a thousand shrieking cats. Some distance away, they could hear the pound of footsteps and the scraping of claws all heading in one direction. Deisha tried to follow the sound with her eyes. \"Did we trigger the alarm?\" \"I don't think so. It sounds like they're heading to the lower levels. Someone must have gotten into the tower. And I think we both know who.\" Atreyu! Adair thought in panic. Right when she thought of his name, she seemed to lose her place in the book. When she found it again, the story had already moved on. Atreyu rounded the corner, a platoon of yellow-eyed demons at his heels. He had managed to reach the middle section of the tower without being detected, but his luck had run out when a demon who was half snake half woman spotted him while she made her rounds. It had raised the alarm, and now a host of them were closing in on him. He sprinted through another corridor and burst out into an open courtyard. At the north section there was a set of stairs that led to the upper levels of the tower. In front of the stairs was an archway, the only exit. Just as he reached the front of the arch, an iron portcullis came screeching down, sealing off his escape with a resounding snap. He turned to face his pursuers as they poured in from both sides of the courtyard. He pulled his bow and knocked a silver tipped arrow to his string. He took aim at the front of their ranks, firing again and again with all the speed he could muster in his arm. Each shot pinned an enemy between the eyes, vanquishing the monsters in a flash. They halted in their charge, wary of the practiced archer's skill. They snarled and hissed and chortled and made a cacophony of all kinds of hideous noises, but they didn't move for him. The sound of heavy footsteps that shook the ground came from the back of the courtyard. Then the throng of demons parted. Making its way to the front was a hideous demon, three times the size of a man. It was a rotund monster with scorched red flesh and curved yellow tusks that jutted from its mouth. In its clawed mammoth hands it dragged a long chain along the ground. In a swift motion it swung the chain at him. Before he could move, the chain latched onto his bow. With a tug, his bow was torn from his hands. The tusked demon caught it in its mouth and crunched it between its teeth, chewing his treasured bow to bits. It grinned wickedly as Atreyu drew his sword. It swung its chain again, aiming to bring it down on his head. He whirled to the side, feeling the heavy chain whiz past his ear. It cracked the stone ground when it landed. The demon lifted the chain over its head, making another swing. Atreyu could see it coming. It was aiming to wrap the chain around his legs. He planned to jump at the last moment and step on it to trap the creature's weapon. Then he'd use that time to charge in with his sword. He prepared himself, counting the seconds in his head. The demon swung and Atreyu leaped, but his landing was off by a mere second. The chain caught him by the ankle and yanked him off balance. He fell flat on his back but kept a tight grip on his sword. The demon pulled, dragging the boy towards him. Atreyu heard a sharp clang, then the demon's pull stopped short. A silver spear was sticking out of the ground, pinning the chain down. It had gone straight through one of the links. From a ledge a few feet above the courtyard, Deisha nodded proudly that her throw had landed so perfectly. Before the demon could pull the chain free, the other demons shrieked as Jason charged forward from behind the monster. His sword was held out to his side in one hand. He came around the monster's side, slashing upward just behind its knee. The demon roared in frustration rather than pain, for it did not feel any. But Jason had crippled it. It dropped to its knees. As Jason passed it, he took his sword in both hands and pivoted around, bringing his blade down in a swing that slashed the creature from its chest all the way to his hip. With his enchanted blade, it was a killing blow. The demon crumbled to ash before their eyes and the others hissed in fury. Jason took a defensive stance and covered Deisha as she leaped to the ground to retrieve her spear. Atreyu unwound the chain from his ankle and got to back to his feet. Jason backed up to stand with them. \"So this is what? Two? Three times I've saved your life?\" \"I had it under control.\" \"And zero times you've said thank you.\" \"And I did nothing?\" Deisha interjected. \"You couldn't have made that throw without my luck.\" \"I could have made it with my eyes closed!\" \"Where's Adair?\" Jason asked. \"She... she didn't come back with me.\" He admitted. \"But she is here.\" \"What does that mean?\" Deisha asked. \"She's reading the book.\" \"So she's watching us right now?\" Jason shivered. \"That's kind of creepy.\" \"Didn't you do the same thing?\" \"Still.\" \"I think it's kind of romantic.\" Atreyu argued. \"No I'm with Jason.\" Deisha agreed. \"It's creepy. Who would read about this?\" They do realize I can hear them. Adair thought. Though she knew Deisha wouldn't care either way. The three prepared themselves for battle, for the demons looked to be gathering their courage (or whatever passes for courage for such creatures). But just when they thought they would charge, they sniffed the air, catching a certain scent. All at once, the demons went scurrying like frightened mice back to their den. \"So now, even demons flee from our presence.\" Came a voice. Star came into view, clad in her white tunic and breeches. Her row of daggers gleamed from her belt. \"Our resolve has grown with our love.\" Dawn added, his silver breastplate shining beside his lady. He carried his morning-star over his shoulder. \"Not you two again.\" Jason moaned. \"What do you want?\" \"Do not feign ignorance boy!\" Dawn shouted. \"You know what we want!\" \"The Glory if you please.\" Star demanded. \"The time has finally come for us to enter the human world where our love will become real. You will not stand in our way.\" Atreyu glowered. \"You know you can't take it by force.\" \"I think you'll find we can.\" \"This is no longer the Childlike Empress' Fantasia.\" Dawn said with a sneer. \"This is no longer her tower. She holds no power anymore.\" \"That's not true!\" Star shot him an unpleasant smile. \"Well, not for long anyway.\" \"They're right. We don't have time for this.\" Deisha whispered. \"I heard the Seekers talking. Volrac doesn't have complete control of the tower yet. Moon Child's still fighting him off, but her strength is running out.\" \"I have an idea.\" Jason hissed out of the corner of his mouth with an impish grin. \"Ready to test our luck again?\" He called down to their enemies. \"Hey Star! You're fat and old!\" Star's mouth dropped open and Dawn froze in rage. \"What did you say?\" \"What's wrong? Don't hear so well anymore old lady? I called you ugly!\" Dawn's temper flared. \"You watch your tongue boy!\" \"Make me! What's wrong Dawn? I just insulted your lady! Go on, take a swing at me! Hit me! I dare you! Are you chicken?\" Dawn was finding it harder and harder to contain his anger. Perhaps he would have gotten it under control and seen what Jason was trying to do if not for Star. \"Well are you?\" She snapped. With a furious roar, Dawn hurled his morning-star at the three of them. It sailed straight for Jason's head. \"Duck!\" He cried. The three dove out of the way, and the heavy weapon crashed through the portcullis behind them. It shattered the bars as it passed through, creating an opening just big enough to fit through. Jason turned to Atreyu. \"Go!\" \"But you-\" \"You heard Deisha! We're running out of time!\" Deisha nodded in agreement. \"We can handle them. Hurry!\" \"He's getting away!\" Dawn shouted as Atreyu sprinted up the stairs. \"Stop him!\" Star dashed forward, throwing two of her knives, aiming to pierce Atreyu's legs. Jason stepped in front and blocked both knives with his sword. Deisha ran to meet Star and swept the long handle of her spear under her legs, causing her to tumble. She got back to her feet in a huff, brushing her long brown hair from her face furiously. Dawn rejoined her, but Jason and Deisha were already blocking their advance. The Knight held out his hand, and by some magic force, his heavy weapon flew from where he had thrown it and returned to his hand. \"You're going to regret that.\" Dawn growled menacingly. \"Think we should go with him?\" Deisha asked as their foes began to circle them. \"We can't outrun Star.\" he admitted. \"That reminds me. I don't fight women, so she's all yours.\" \"You're such a gentleman.\" Then the two fought side by side while Atreyu continued his desperate ascent to the top of the tower. The tower was very different than the one he remembered. Their black stones seemed to have eaten the light around them. The walls pulsed as though they were alive. The thorns of the forest weaved in and out of the walls, the ceiling, and the floor. AURYN still protected him from their touch, and he managed to avoid detection from the demons. He made it all the way to the council chamber, now cluttered and stacked to the ceiling with the ill-gotten artifacts of the Circle of the Night. Some of them he recognized from their castle. He burst through the door and out onto the walkway that led to the peak of the tower. It spiraled around the column that jutted from the tower itself and wound all the way to the entrance of what had once been the Ivory Garden. But when he made his way into its walls, none of its flowers or fountains remained. No ivory statues of exotic animals stood as sentinels. All that was there was all that would remain in Volrac's new Fantasia: dreary black stone and a twisted maze of thorns and vines. Sikanda was still in the center, driven half its length into the floor. Pulsing veins of red light snaked down its side and fissured out of the floor all around it like the web of a spider. The only bit of light that still shone was inside the shattered remains of the Magnolia Pavilion. The obsidian was pushing forward into the gold and ivory flooring of the Empress' raised platform. It had almost reached the edge of the crystal where Moon Child still slept. And at her side, Atreyu saw him . His one remaining hand had long clawed fingers while the arm where he had lost his hand ended in a gauntlet covered in black spikes, hooked and cruel like the thorns of the forest. He circled around her, running his claws over her crystal shield. Light hummed from the crystal and sparked in protest where he touched it. His hair was long and dark, and his armor was now as slick and black as the Obsidian Tower. Instead of a cloak, long thorn covered vines hung from his shoulders. \"Now watch Moon Child.\" Heremoor, or rather Volrac hissed into the crystal. \"Watch as those humans you placed your faith in fail you. I want you to feel as all of your hope withers like the petals of a dead rose, until it's finally crushed. Watch as your beloved Fantasia falls into darkness just as I did.\" \"Darkness that you created.\" Atreyu stepped forward without fear. Volrac turned his eyes on him. They were no longer the emerald green eyes of the general. They greenish-yellow points of fire that burned with hatred that had seethed beneath the surface for years. He did not look surprised to see Atreyu here. If anything he seemed saddened. \"No Atreyu. There has been darkness in this land for far too long already. I simply utilized it and turned it on the one who should have protected us from it.\" He stepped down from the platform as he spoke and pointed one clawed finger back at Moon Child. \"It is time for her to feel what she has allowed to drag us down for so long.\" Even his voice had changed. The General's booming baritone was lowered and grated like claws on stone. \"I shall use the darkness brought down on us by her and the humans to erase this Fantasia. And from its ashes I will create a new one, a perfect one where we dream for ourselves. Where our fates are tied to no one but ourselves!\" \"You disrespect all of our parts in the never ending story. You forget that living only for yourself is no life at all. That is why you'll fail. I'm going to stop you here because I have something stronger.\" Volrac sneered. \"Yes, your 'strongest magic'. I know all about that tragic journey you embarked on with the human, and the ill-fated love you share. I respected you once Atreyu. You carry with you all that is good in our land. But one who loves humans as you do has no place in my Fantasia.\" He held out his hand. In a flash, AURYN was lifted from around Atreyu's neck. He tried in vain to snatch it back. It flew towards the Nightmare King with such speed that it snapped the chain by which it was held. The talisman floated straight to Volrac's outstretched fingers. \"And now, thanks to you I have the final piece.\" \"How did you-\" \"I hold the tower. I hold the heart of Fantasia itself in my power, and soon even AURYN will be mine to command. Soon the Childlike Empress will vanish, and her power will become mine.\" The thorns around them shifted and Atreyu felt that they were no longer alone. Each one entered from a different side and surrounded them: Nag, Thoth, and Fay. Volrac lifted his hand, and AURYN floated high above them, suspended in the air above Sikanda. \"Our world and the world of humans are so close now, they're practically touching. Now it is possible for us to open the gate between them. And when that happens, I shall call on all the darkness of this world to destroy the connection that binds us. Then all their poison shall be sent right back where it came from. There world will become as dark and hopeless as this tower while Fantasia will be reborn in shining perfection. Nag! Thoth! Do what you came here to do. Finish the spell!\" \"As you wish m'lord.\" Thoth bowed. \"Well Atreyu, it's been a real pleasure.\" The two Witches did as they were commanded. They climbed the steps of the ruined pavilion to the edge of where the black stones continued to creep forward. They raised their hands, and the thorns around them responded to their will. The vines shot forward like tentacles, reaching for the crystal that protected Moon Child. The light that shone from it was holding them back, but they continued to force their way closer. Sooner or later, the strength of the seven powers would give out, and the thorns would shatter Moon Child's shield. \"No!\" Atreyu rushed forward, hoping to stop the Witches' profane ritual. In a black blur, Volrac stood in his path, striking Atreyu in the face with the back of his gauntlet. The force of the blow sent his head reeling as he was thrown to the floor. The spikes pierced him and he felt hot blood run down the side of his face. He staggered back to his feet. Fay went to join her coven, but Volrac had other orders for her. \"Not you!\" The little Witch turned to face him with her cold blue eyes as expressionless as ever. \"Do you have it?\" He asked. Instead of answering, Fay hefted what was tucked under her arm. She held it out so he could see. It was a book bound in black silk. Atreyu gasped when he saw the intertwining gold and silver snakes on the cover and the intricate purple lettering of the title that read \"The Neverending Story\" . \"How did you get that?\" Atreyu demanded. \"I told you I learned of Fantasia long ago.\" She said flatly. \"It's a real pity. I tried to warn you, but now it's too late.\" \"Thanks to that handy little treasure, I've known all of your plans from the beginning.\" Volrac said with a hideous grin. \"About how you and the human hoped to save Fantasia with the 'the strongest magic'. And now I will show you how pointless it all was.\" The Nightmare King took grand postured steps to where Sikanda rested. With his flesh hand he took it by the hilt and drew it forth from the stone. \"Now Atreyu, let us end this the way we knew it would end from the start. And you,\" he pointed to Fay with the tip of the sword. \"You have the honor of playing the storyteller in this Fantasia's last hour. Now read!\" Fay opened the book and began to read aloud: \"Atreyu charged forward, his sword at the ready. Volrac blocked his assault and Atreyu's sword was no match for the black blade of Sikanda.\" Atreyu charged forward, his sword at the ready. Volrac blocked his assault and Atreyu's sword was no match for the black blade of Sikanda. They were both skilled with the sword, but while Atreyu was faster and lighter on his feet, the Nightmare King held the advantage in size and strength. Moreover, his was the blade of Bastian Balthazar Bux, the enchanted sword which never failed its wielder. Once a shining sword of a hero, the betrayal of long ago had blackened the blade. Now it was a weapon of evil, one that had been buried, never to be unearthed again. But the Circle of the Night had found it and told Volrac of its whereabouts. The two warriors clashed, matching each other stroke for stroke. Atreyu managed to side-step his enemy's attacks, but each time their blades met, Volrac's strength sent ringing shock waves all through his body. His arms ached with every block. Fay continued to read: \" Finally, Volrac's attack slowed him just enough for the Nightmare King to send his steel fist into his side. The spikes on its knuckles cracked his ribs and pounded the breath from his lungs.\" Finally, Volrac's attack slowed him just enough for the Nightmare King to send his steel fist into his side. The spikes on its knuckles cracked his ribs and pounded the breath from his lungs. Volrac swung again and Atreyu barely had time to block Sikanda's blade. This time the attack sent him sliding back on his feet. His chest heaved as he tried to claim some of his breath back. Blood ran down his side from where Volrac had struck. \"You see Atreyu, what your 'strongest magic' gives you? Nothing but heartache and suffering. Love cannot prevail in a world like this.\" \"You're wrong.\" Atreyu wheezed. \"I am not. For I already know how this story ends.\" He turned his burning green eyes to Fay. \"Go on. Show him. Skip to the end.\" Fay sighed and turned a few pages ahead. In spite of her cruel and capricious nature, she seemed to take no pleasure in reading this passage. \"...For no dream of love and hope can exist in the midst of such overwhelming darkness. Atreyu was powerless to stop the end. His last thoughts were of Adair and how he had failed her, and all those who were dear to him. Then Volrac plunged Sikanda into his heart. And that is how Atreyu died.\" Atreyu's eyes grew wide as the Witch read the details of his prophesied defeat. That couldn't be the ending to this story. After everything they had gone through to protect what they loved, it couldn't end the way she had read. His heart tightened as Fay turned the book so that it's pages faced him. Though he could now barely read, two words were clear to him, and they were the last ones on the page: Atreyu died . \"Your quest was for nothing, and I'll tell you why.\" Volrac jeered. \"You did not find the strongest magic. Do you want to know what the strongest magic truly is? It is despair.\" Atreyu lifted his eyes to Volrac. An odd familiarity of those words rang in his ears. The Nightmare King clenched his steel hand into a fist. \"And do you know why that is? Because people who have no hopes are easy to control!\"[Chapter 26] A/N: Let me end this by saying what an awesome ride this has been, and thank you to everyone who stuck with this story and encouraged me to finish it. It feels great to finally post this. To show how much I appreciate you guys, I've posted the final two chapters and epilogue together. Thank you again. I really hope you like how it turned out and always remember, Fantasia is real! Chapter 25: The Strongest Magic Yellow flames danced before Ze'hara's eyes. She could see all that was taking place within the Obsidian Tower at that moment, and the others hung on her every word. \"What do you see?\" Bahzha asked. \"Now Atreyu fights with the Nightmare King. His light is strong, but Volrac fights with the darkness of an entire world. I see a woman in the smoke behind him. She poisons this world and others with her darkness. She wants this world for her own, and Volrac is her tool to take it.\" She gasped and the others jumped in shock. \"What's wrong?\" Hysbald asked. Ze'hara said nothing. \"Well don't keep us in suspense woman!\" Hykrion cried. \"We're on pins and needles as it is! Now what's going on?\" Ze'hara still didn't answer, but she began to tremble and shake her head. \"It can't be.\" Was all she said.\"It can't be.\" Meanwhile within the Obsidian Tower, Atreyu staggered back to his feet. He felt his side and winced as his own touch sent a wave of pain through his ruptured bones. His sword hung at his side from his limp arm, but he forced himself to stand and look his enemy in the eye. \"Who told you that?\" He demanded. \"Where did you hear that?\" Volrac's face hardened in anger. \"You already know don't you?\" Then he held up his steel hand. \"Gmork.\" Atreyu panted, still trying to regain his breath. \"It was Gmork who took your hand wasn't it.\" \"I was only a captain then. Word reached my squadron that a dark force was moving against your mission to stop the Nothing. I had never fought a creature like that demon wolf. My weapons could not harm it and it tore through my armor like parchment. It could have killed me so easily but it didn't. Instead, after it had devoured my hand, the Gmork gave me something. His darkness... it bled into my wounds and burned like fire. I saw something in that darkness. For me there had always been only Fantasia, but in that darkness I learned the truth of the human world and how it connects to ours. I saw the humans with my own eyes, their greed, their hate, and how it poisons our world. Their own selfishness was the cause behind the Nothing, and their wicked desires create nightmares in our world.\" \"But they also create dreams like you and me!\" Atreyu cried. \"Humans like Adair and Bastian!\" \"Ha!\" Volrac scoffed. \"Bastian. And look at what he wrought when he came here. The Ivory Tower was destroyed. He nearly killed you with this very blade!\" He held up Sikanda. \"You still carry the scar, and this sword remembers your blood.\" He rushed again, reaching Atreyu in one leap. Mustering all of his strength, the boy blocked, his enemy's superior strength wearing him down more and more. From over their locked blades, Volrac leered at his foe with hate filled eyes. \"You have seen the cruelty of humans and you still love them. You have not felt the pain of their betrayal like I have!\" He swung his sword with such force that Atreyu slid back on his heels. \"After seeing what the Gmork wanted me to, I fell into despair. For what hope could there be for our world if we must depend on selfish beings like them! I remained on the ground of the forest I had fought the demon in, letting it take me. The thorns grew up around me and into me. In time I became part of that forest.\" He raised his arms, and the thorn covered vines that hung from his shoulders rose in accordance with his will. \"The Forest of Thorns is part of me. It is the despair I felt when I saw the Fantasia I loved fall into that vile abyss. For ten years I remained trapped there, stewing in my own tragic existence. That's when they came.\" Atreyu knew who me meant. He didn't take his gaze from Volrac, but he was very aware of wicked man and beast trying to break Moon Child's shield, and the cold-hearted girl with the black book in her hands. \"The Circle of the Night.\" \"They told me of a way that I could avenge Fantasia. I could save it from the humans, and from that wretched child who lets them feed on our existence. From them I learned how to turn my sorrow, my hate into power. They told me that the Childlike Empress had a counterpart in the human world, one with whom her life force was bound. So I called on the darkness that Gmork had left within me to travel to the human world. I found her, and when I saw her cowering there in the woods I realized what I really wanted. I didn't simply wish her death. I wanted the Empress to suffer the way I had suffered.\" \"That's why you killed Adair's parents.\" \"I took what she loved, and when she sealed off her heart, Moon Child's power was weakened. Then I waited. I let her remain in that cursed state for ten years, exactly how long I had remained trapped in the thorns. And now she'll watch as I did while everything she loves is ripped from her.\" He pointed Sikanda at Atreyu, and the thorns on his back shot forward like snakes. He hacked away at them as they closed in on him, but they grew back just as quickly. He could feel the vines moving all around him as well. He leaped out of the way as more thorns shot out from the ground where he had been standing. It was no longer one foe he was fighting, it was the entire forest. He leaped and dodged as the vines came at him from all sides. He was agile, but the attacks were relentless. Eventually his speed would give out and the thorns would catch up to him. \"Eventually his speed would give out and the thorns catch up to him.\" Fay read. \"From his left side, like the great black arm of some fiendish monster, the vines rose up and came down on him.\" From his left side, like the great black arm of some fiendish monster, the vines rose up and came down on him. He wasn't quick enough to escape a grazing wound. The thorns slid down his left arm, tearing into his flesh and ripping through his tunic. But the pain from the thorns wasn't nearly as wracking as what followed. Sadness like he had never felt seeped into his wounds. It was a great heaviness that gripped his heart and shook him to his core. It was so heavy it forced him to his knees. \"You feel it don't you.\" Volrac said with a dark laugh. \"That is the power of despair. It takes away your will to fight. Soon you'll simply surrender to it and welcome its crushing embrace.\" \"You're right.\" Atreyu gritted his teeth against his own sadness. Once more, he forced himself to rise, but it was much harder than before. \"Those without hope are easy for the darkness to control. You know this, yet you let yourself be its puppet. You gave into your own despair and now the darkness makes you its tool! But I'm not like you! I still have hope that Fantasia and the human world can be saved! I know our two worlds can both be made well again! No matter what power you gain it doesn't change what you are. A hollow shell who believes in nothing anymore. That's why you'll lose.\" \"And yet,\" Volrac grinned as he stepped closer to Atreyu. \"I am not the one fated to die here.\" He raised his blade and renewed his attacks. \"It seems Fantasia knows you are wrong, because the Neverending Story has already written you out.\" Each time Atreyu blocked, he felt his arms grow weaker. His breathing was getting heavier, and he could no longer keep up with both the sword and the thorns. He sustained more scratches from the vines, and with each one, that grip around his heart tightened. \"Ten years ago I took what Moon Child loved right in front of her. Now I'm going to do it again. And this time it won't just weaken her. It will destroy her. The only thing standing in my way of claiming Fantasia is you Atreyu. You are the last piece. You are the one her human mirror loves more than anything. She's watching us now isn't she? Reading every word of our battle. I'm going to kill you right in front of her. Her heart will break, and Moon Child will vanish right along with it. Your 'strongest magic' is now your most bitter poison.\" Adair shook her head frantically. She had to believe that what Fay had read was a lie. \"Iole, what does this mean?\" Iole was silent. \"It's wrong right? What Fay said? Tell me it's wrong.\" All eyes were on Iole now. She lifted her heavy gaze to meet Adair's eyes. The somber look in them told the girl what she wouldn't say. Fay hadn't lied. If Adair kept reading, the story would lead exactly where she had said it would. \"Did you know about this?\" \"Not until Fay read it.\" She answered honestly. Then she hesitated. \"But I know why it's happening.\" \"Why?\" \"You're not going to like it.\" \"Tell me!\" she pleaded. \"Atreyu is losing because he's not completely in Fantasia. There is still something keeping part of him in this world.\" Adair felt a lump form in her stomach that she didn't understand. She didn't know what Iole would say, but she already knew she agreed with her; she wasn't going to like this. \"What is it? What's keeping him here?\" \"You.\" Iole answered. \"Your wish for a future with him. As long as that holds him here, he's not wholly in Fantasia.\" Adair felt a feverish sensation. A wave of heat came over her face and then chills rolled down her spine. It made her dizzy. \"What? What do you mean?\" Iole didn't answer, and she didn't have to. Adair knew what she meant, she just didn't want to hear it. \"So if I want to save him I can never see him again?\" She shook her head as if she could make reality disappear. It was getting hard to breathe. She narrowed her eyes at Iole. \"Was this the decision you were talking about? Did they say we couldn't be together?\" \"This was no one's decision Adair.\" Iole kept her voice level, but there was sympathy in it. \"This was always meant to happen.\" \"What was? That we'd meet and go through all that together, fall in love and then have none of it mean anything?\" \"It does mean something Adair. What you and him found, that was real. But there is more at stake here than you and him. You went to Fantasia, you fell in love and now you can share what you found with this world. That's why you couldn't stay there. But that's also why he can't return here. There are others that need him to stay in Fantasia, to teach them and guide them.\" She sat down on a stool in the corner and rested her arms on her knees. \"Heroes like him are getting to be rare in Fantasia. He's one of the only ones left who knows what real bravery is. He's someone who does the right thing simply because it's the right thing, even when it's hard or dangerous,\" She lifted her gaze to Adair. \"Or it means losing something precious.\" Adair could hear what Iole was saying, but the time had long since past that she could picture a life without Atreyu. She knew a wish to let him go was beyond her power. \"I can't.\" Her voice cracked over her words. Iole's gaze hardened. \"Then by all means stop reading, because you already know how it ends.\" In spite of these words, Adair felt her eyes drift back down to the pages. Jason was unable to block Dawn's strikes effectively because of the Knight's insane strength, but he was able to slough them off or dodge them altogether. Deisha on the other hand was having difficulty keeping up with her opponent. With a dagger in each hand, Star kept in close quarters with Deisha, rendering her long spear almost ineffective. \"You have both lost the ones you love into the arms of another.\" Star said with a wicked grin. \"How could two castoffs like you ever hope to defeat our love?\" Deisha ground her teeth and pushed her spear against Star's daggers, throwing her off of her. \"Because we know that some things are more important. This isn't about our feelings. It's about right and wrong.\" Just off to their side, Jason had managed to swing his sword upward at Dawn's weapon. With a well placed slash, he cleaved the spiked head of the morning-star from its rod. Star jumped back out of Deisha's range. She narrowed her eyes at Jason who was closing in on her unarmed lover. She swiveled her eyes back on Deisha. \"I will show you the true power of our devotion.\" She raised one of her daggers against the flesh of her palm and slashed open her own hand. Dawn could sense it as his lady's blood dripped to the ground and that filled him with rage. Before Jason could prepare a defense, Dawn rushed him and sent a power charged fist into his stomach. It hit him like a hammer and knocked him off his feet. Before Deisha could stop her, Star took her second dagger and made a long thin gash down her forearm. Once more, new strength flooded into Dawn. \"Stop it!\" Deisha tried to strike Star with the blunt end of her spear, but the lady ducked out of the way. \"That's how you show your love? By mutilating yourself?\" \"This is true love! Love is pain! Love is sacrifice!\" Star shrieked as she took her own knife to herself over and over. Jason was now on the receiving end of a fierce beating from the Knight of the Burning Dawn whose face was now twisted with rage. \"Look at what you're doing to him!\" Deisha cried. \"Your pain doesn't make him stronger, it makes him suffer!\" Even with her new wounds, Star was able to fend off the plains girl's attacks. \"That is why you will never understand the true power of love! For him I would die!\" \"And you think that will make him happy? If you truly love him than you should treasure the life that he is fighting to protect!\" Deisha's words struck Star truer than her spear would have. It stopped her just long enough for Deisha to swing the blunt end of her spear at both of her hands. Star's daggers fell to the ground with a clatter, and the end of the spear at her throat prevented her from reaching them. Her hands moved to her belt, but she had depleted it of her throwing knives. Deisha cornered her back against the wall, but Dawn could sense his lady's danger. He dropped Jason and rushed Deisha. She stepped to the side, but he wasn't letting up on his attacks. Jason flanked him once more, and now the two of them were defending against Dawn while Star looked on in horror. The blood loss from her self inflicted wounds was taking its toll. Her breathing was heavy and she couldn't fight anymore. Dawn's attacks were true and fierce, but they weren't connecting with his targets. No matter what he did, he could not strike Jason or Deisha. Now it was two against one and Star knew that the power he had just received would soon run out... unless. She dropped to her knees and retrieved one of her daggers. \"Heartseeker,\" She whispered to the blade. \"Find your sheathe.\" She raised it and brought it down. Dawn ceased his attacks at once and turned slowly. Star fell to the ground as blood spilled from the wound she had dealt to her own chest. \"No!\" All at once, his strength was gone. He fell to his knees and crawled to where his lover lay dying. Jason and Deisha could only watch as he crawled to her and gathered her up in his arms. His silver breastplate and arm guards slipped from him like the shell of an insect. They gasped at what they saw within. His once strong broad frame had grown thin and frail in mere moments. He held Star in his arms and brushed her hair away from her face. With tears streaming down his now gaunt and hollow cheeks he growled to Jason and Deisha. \"Leave us. Go now.\" Jason and Deisha cast one sad glance at them before leaving the courtyard up the stairs. Dawn spoke to his lady and held her close. \"Why? Why did you do that?\" She smiled at him with her waning strength. \"Because I wanted you to live. Why didn't you go? You could have made it.\" \"Because any world I'm in would be dark without you.\" Star chuckled. \"What a sad match we are. Even after all this, here we are again dying in one another's arms. It's always been this way ever since that Shexper came to Fantasia and dreamed us into this world.\" \"And I'll do it a hundred more times for you.\" She frowned. \"The plains girl said something to me. She said that if I truly loved you, I would treasure the life you were trying to protect. Those two, the ones they love will never love them back. Yet they keep going. It made me think of all the times I've watched you die before my eyes. I know that you did it for me each and every time so that you could follow me in death, but now I think I would have preferred it if you lived. Maybe that's what we've gotten wrong all this time. We've been so consumed with dying for one another, we've never stopped to consider what it means to live for each other.\" Dawn gave a weak smile and shook his head. \"So it took us all the way until the end to realize it.\" \"And now it's too late.\" She said mournfully with tears in her eyes. He wiped her tears away with his fingers. \"We'll get it right next time. I swear it.\" As the light in her eyes began to fade, he stared into them. \"What's this? What light through yonder window breaks? Tis the east. And you, my Juliet are the sun. My burning dawn.\" She reached up and touched his face with the last of her strength. \"Then guide me there Romeo... my evening star.\" Their lips touched one last time, and then they died in one another's arms. But there would come a day when their story would be told again as it has been told for centuries, and this time they would find what had been out of their grasp for so long. They would find a happily ever after. But that is another story and shall be told another time. Adair cried as she read that passage. It made her think about the choice which still lay before her. She knew what Atreyu would choose if their roles were reversed. He would do the right thing even though it would break both of their hearts. That was the kind of person he was. That was why she loved him. As she thought on this, she knew what would happen if she made the wrong choice. Even if it worked out somehow, if Atreyu survived and she found a way for him to return to her, if she took him away from where he belonged then it would leave both worlds lacking in something pure and good. If she truly loved him, she knew she had to do what was right. Pure love. At last she remembered what Moon Child had told her. A pure love could only be made through great sacrifice. Now she knew what sacrifice had to be made, and it was harder than she could have imagined. How could she do it? How could she let him go? At the top of the Obsidian Tower, the battle between Atreyu and Volrac was about to reach its end. The young hero's wounds had taken his strength, as had the wicked magic in the thorns. He could no longer grasp his sword with both hands. His left arm hung limp at his side. He no longer had the strength to lift it. But still he fought on. With a frustrated swing, he raised his sword against Volrac. The Nightmare King swung Sikanda with power and force, and this time when it struck Atreyu's sword, it cleaved the boy's blade in half. Its tip clattered to the ground and its hilt was thrown from his hand. Now he was completely defenseless against the nightmare before him. \"It ends now Atreyu.\" Volrac declared. Vines erupted at Atreyu's feet and snared his legs. More came from his sides and took his arms, hoisting him into the air and binding him fast. They wound around him tighter and tighter. He became completely encased in vines and their thorns dug further into his flesh. He kicked and struggled, but the despair in the thorns was overpowering him now. He was drowning in it. \"You see now Atreyu.\" Volrac growled. \"Love cannot prevail in a world like this.\" With what little strength he still held onto, he lifted his head to look his executioner in the eye. \"You may kill me, but not what I fought for.\" Adair shook her head frantically. \"No, no, no!\" But all her cries could not change what was written. What Fay had predicted in the story was now about to happen and there was only one thing she could do to stop it. He could fight against it no more, For no dream of love and hope can exist in the midst of such overwhelming darkness. Atreyu was powerless to stop the end. His last thoughts were of Adair and how he had failed her, and all those who were dear to him. Then Volrac- \" Alright!\" Adair cried. \"I let you go. I'll let you go.\" She lowered her head and let her tears spill onto the page. Perhaps it was because her eyes were clouded with tears, but she would swear that the words changed before her eyes. She tried to find where she had left off in the book, but the words were different now. At that moment, above their heads where AURYN remained suspended in the air, something shifted. AURYN began to glow. Its light was small at first like the pinprick of a star in the night sky, but it grew and grew until it was a radiant as the sun. The two snakes of the medallion grew with the light until they formed an enormous circle in the sky. Light shone down on them from the inside of that circle. Atreyu and Volrac were transfixed by the light, as were the Seekers. \"What is happening?!\" Volrac roared. \"The gate between worlds is opening.\" Thoth said in awe. \"But I didn't open it!\" Nag's maw hung open. \"Then who did?\" Volrac roared and reared Sikanda back, plunging it forward toward Atreyu's heart. Before the dark blade could strike, a bolt of light came between them. It was so bright, Volrac could not look directly at it. He rounded on Fay. \"I was supposed to kill him here! You read it! What does this mean?\" Fay's eyes had grown wide as she read from the book. \"The words have changed.\" She said in complete shock. \"His fate has been changed.\" Then she lifted her gaze and squinted against the column of light that now stood between Atreyu and Volrac. \"The Strongest Magic.\" she breathed. Still trapped in the vines, Atreyu could see something within the light. It was a sword. He knew where it had come from, for he could feel her there with him. Give me a name. He felt the words more than he heard them, but he knew they had come from the sword. Give me a name, then put your hand forward and I will be yours. As quickly as the light had shot from the sky, the answer came into his heart. \"Your name...\" he said as he reached for the hilt, \"is Amare.\" Then he closed his fingers around it. Warm light flooded through his entire being. All at once, the vines that held him crumbled to ash, unable to withstand the purity that coursed through him now. He looked down at himself. His wounds were gone as though they had never been. Even the scar he had carried on his chest for so long had been erased. He felt stronger than he ever had before. He lifted the sword. Its blade was not made of steel, but rather of pure light. Its hilt was created from the same silver and gold snakes that made AURYN. They intertwined together and joined at the pommel. Far below them on the ground where the little band of heroes still camped, they could see the light above the tower. \"What is that?\" Hykrion gasped. Bahzha came to Ze'hara's side. The wise woman was staring into the fire with a smile. \"Ze'hara, what's happened?\" \"I see Adair standing with Atreyu. Light is shining from them both. The shadow behind the Nightmare King cowers from it.\" \"Adair is there? How?\" Hysbald tore his gaze away from the light when he noticed something missing. \"Has anyone seen Falkor?\" \"This is impossible!\" Volrac roared. Once more, the vines shot from the ground and lunged for Atreyu. Atreyu lifted the blade and spun it into the vines as they reached for him. Its mere touch sent light into them and burned them to cinders. Their despair could not stand against the light of such a pure love. \"I suggest we wrap this up.\" Thoth said to Nag. The two of them turned back to the crystal where Moon child still slept. Both were startled when they saw Jason and Deisha standing in front of them. Jason rammed the pommel of his sword into Thoth's head, knocking him onto his back where he rolled down the steps of the pavilion. Deisha swung her spear and forced Nag to leap off the platform. \"Looks like today isn't your lucky day.\" Jason said with a grin. \"Oh please.\" Thoth scoffed. \"How long have you been waiting to use that one?\" \"Actually, I approve.\" Came a deep voice from behind them. The two Witches looked up in horror to see Falkor the Luckdragon hovering over them. \"Looks like it's your luck that's run out this time.\" Thoth scrambled backwards on his hands in a cowardly fashion and Nag scurried to Fay's side and hid behind her. \"Dragon! I hate dragons!\" It screeched. Howling with fury, Volrac called all of the thorns around them to attack Atreyu, but he leaped out of their path, touching Amare's blade to each one until none of them remained. The more he fought, the more he felt the strength of others with him. No longer was Adair's light the only one that filled him, he felt the light of all his friends and loved ones who wanted him to succeed. \"I will not be undone!\" Volrac shrieked. \"Love has no power over me!\" The vines on his back snaked out and shot for Atreyu in a black wave. \"You're right it doesn't.\" Atreyu said sadly as he leaped over the vines. \"That's why you're going to lose!\" He ran along the vines toward Volrac, dragging Amare's tip over their surface and burning them with its light. He leaped into the air and raised Amare high as he came down toward Volrac. The Nightmare King lifted Sikanda to block, but this was his final undoing. Atreyu brought Amare down and their blades locked. The light in Amare pushed Sikanda's darkness back and burned into Volrac. He screamed in agony as Atreyu pushed him backward, and Atreyu pushed him farther, driving the darkness out of Sikanda. The blade shown silver once more and Volrac shrieked and dropped it. The flesh of his one remaining hand sizzled and smoke rose from his palm. He could no longer touch Sikanda, for it was an evil weapon no longer. With the evil driven from Sikanda, Volrac could no longer hold the tower. The obsidian stone crumbled away and the thorns burned to ash. The Ivory Tower rose back into the sky, even brighter and more beautiful than before. Then the sound of shattering glass filled the air. The crystal in the center of the Magnolia Pavilion burst open, sending its glittering shards all around them like a fall of stardust. Then the Childlike Empress opened her golden eyes.[Chapter 27] Chapter 26: The Last Wish Ze'hara sighed with relief as the fire before her finally calmed. \"He won.\" She told the others. They erupted in cheers. Bahzha and his wife Ainzlee held each other and Hykrion hoisted Matilda off her feet. The Tuatha children crowded around them and jumped in joy on top of the Rockbiters. Engywook and Urgl danced in circles, laughing all the while. But Hysbald noticed that Ze'hara was not cheering with them. She sat by the embers of her fire, exhausted. But it was more than fatigue. Something was bothering her. He wheeled his chair beside her. \"Ze'hara? Why the long face? We won didn't we?\" She nodded. \"We did, but at a price.\" She said this in a low voice so that none of the others could hear. Hysbald frowned. \"What price?\" Then she spoke so low that he had to crane his neck near her and strain his ears to hear. \"This was the best and the worst thing that could have happened to him.\" At the peak of the restored Ivory Tower, the Childlike Empress let her feet touch the ground for the first time in ten years. Her snow white hair fell around her shoulders and her golden eyes took each of them in with a smile. Jason stood with his mouth agape. Deisha dropped to one knee and bowed her head. When she noticed Jason standing next to her stupefied, she yanked on his arm and forced him to kneel next to her. Atreyu remained standing, but his reverence for her was no less than the others. \"Atreyu.\" Just as it had when he first met her, her voice was as sweet as a bird singing in its sleep. \"It's so good to see you again.\" \"Again?\" Atreyu stammered. \"How is this possible? No one in Fantasia can lay eyes on you more than once.\" \"It is true. You saw me before as Moon Child, but I am Moon Child no longer. I have been reborn with a new name.\" \"What name?\" \"The name you gave me.\" She said plainly. Atreyu didn't understand. Her golden eyes floated to the sword still in his hand and then he knew what she meant. \"Your name is Amare.\" And then he understood how it had happened. But neither he nor the Empress would say, for it was a secret that one must learn the way Atreyu and Adair had. Instead she smiled knowingly at him and nodded. The sword in his hand flickered then and vanished back into the light it had come from. It had done all it had needed to do. Amare turned her head away from them. The eyes of the Childlike Empress were always eyes filled with love and understanding for even the darkest beings in her world. But none of this was present when her golden eyes landed on the Seekers who remained skulking off to the side. Nag openly cowered behind Fay who stared at the Empress with her dead uncaring eyes. Thoth made his best attempt to stand upright, but even he stood behind his compatriots. \"Now now Empress, let's not do anything rash your highness.\" Thoth said in a quivering voice. \"Not even you use your powers to compel my subjects.\" Though she stood shorter than the rest, when Amare spoke her presence was the greatest among them. \"My subjects are mine to protect. But I hold no kindness for intruders.\" She said, and this time her voice was not sweet. \"I draw no distinction between good and evil in my realm, for Fantasia needs both so it may grow. But you three are not part of Fantasia and you are not welcome here.\" A gale blew behind the empress and her white hair floated around her small but angry face. Never once did she raise her voice, but her words made the very ground shake and the Witches' legs turn to jelly. \"Now get out.\" Nag shook like a kicked dog and Thoth found his tongue had gone numb. Only Fay was able to speak. \"As you wish your majesty.\" She said coldly. \"We're finished here. But we cannot leave just yet. If we leave now, we take a piece of your realm with us.\" A silent understanding passed between the two. Amare's golden eyes grew sad when she turned them toward where Volrac still struggled with his wounds on the ground. His dark armor had shattered, leaving him bare from the waist up. His flesh was reddened by the light that had burned him. His black hair hung in his face like the molted feathers of a buzzard. But his green-yellow eyes still burned with more hate than ever. She turned back on him and the Seekers. \"Very well. Do what you must. Then get out of my sight. If I ever find you've returned to Fantasia, I will erase you.\" With this, Amare turned her back on the Circle of the Night and Volrac. Fay curtsied in mock respect. \"Thoth, the crystal please.\" \"Ah, yes of course.\" He reached inside his filthy coat and produced an amethyst crystal, the size of a man's fist. Volrac's eyes widened in fury when he saw it. \"Oh come now, a deal's a deal old boy. It's only fair.\" He said smugly as he handed the crystal to Fay. Volrac snarled, but rather than attacking he tried to back away. In spite of all that he had done, Atreyu was worried for him. \"What is that?\" Nag leered at him. \"Just a simple business transaction.\" \"You see, we made a deal.\" Thoth explained. \"But since you've taken back the tower, we no longer have the means to give Heremoor what he wanted. So it's only fair that we return the payment he gave us.\" \"No! Not that!\" the Nightmare King cried. \"Don't!\" Volrac's terror spurred Atreyu to run to his aid. \"Atreyu don't.\" Amare's voice command stopped him in his tracks. Her back remained turned, and her voice was grave. \"His own actions drove him to this point. There is nothing we can do for him now.\" The rest of them could only look on as the crystal in Fay's hand began to glow. As she squeezed her small pale fingers around it, white cracks spread over its surface. Then with a horrid crack, it shattered in her hand. The light it had encased flew from her hand and into Volrac. The Nightmare King howled a bloodcurdling cry of torment as the light filled him. His body twitched and flailed as though he were being wracked by an invisible force. Unable to contain his compassion, Atreyu ran to his side and tried to steady him. Volrac continued to scream and flail in his arms. \"I believe we're done here.\" Fay said with spite. Once she did, the very air around them shifted. Behind them, a strange doorway was opening. It was a tear in the sky, like someone had torn the page of a storybook. A powerful wind came from within that tear, twirling around the Seekers and began to suck them in. With a shriek of excitement rather than fear, Nag leaped into it willingly. \"Bye-bye Atreyu! It was fun!\" Then Nag was gone. \"Yes, ta-ta m'dears.\" Thoth waved as he turned to face the opening that Fantasia was forcing them out through. \"T'was a true pleasure. Onto the next experiment.\" The Seeker of Truth was pulled off his feet and sent into the void. Only Fay remained as though she were resisting the pull of the vortex. It dragged her slowly backwards, sliding her black shoes along the ground. Her cold blue eyes didn't once leave Atreyu, but what she looked at him with he couldn't say. \"What was his payment?\" He asked the Witch. \"His love for Fantasia.\" She replied. \"And everything in it.\" Then the tear in the story closed up around her. The Circle of the Night had been cast out of Fantasia forever. In his arms, Volrac stopped flailing. He began to grow old before their eyes. His hair turned gray and his face became ashen and withered. Once more, the thorn covered vines grew from him, but they weren't as solid as the forest had been. They were like smoke. They could not hurt anyone but him now. They wound their way back into him, snaking all through his body. Once more, Heremoor was consumed by his own despair. His breathing grew shallow and ragged. His green eyes faded slowly. With great difficulty he turned his head to look past them at the horizon. The sun was rising. \"It's been so long...\" he rasped, \"since I've seen the sun rise over Fantasia like that. Has it always been that beautiful? I... never... noticed.\" Then his eyes closed. The thorns covered him completely and then vanished. Atreyu was left holding nothing but air. The nightmare was over. Everyone in the book shop released a breath they hadn't realized they'd been holding as Adair finished the passage. \"What happens now?\" Rosemary asked. Adair had stopped reading, but she hadn't looked up from the page. Iole too was somber. They all looked to Bastian. The old man merely shook his head. \"I don't know.\" \"Brave warriors.\" Amare declared to Atreyu, Jason, Deisha, and Falkor. \"You have saved Fantasia, and yet you have done more. It is a new Fantasia you have made, and your stories are yours to begin anew if you so choose. Whatever it is you wish, ask it of me. If it is in my power, I shall grant it.\" The others waited. Atreyu looked to each of them. They knew what he wanted and were silently telling him to go first. He rose and stood before Amare. \"Empress, there is only one thing I would wish. That is to return to the human world to be with Adair.\" \"No, you have to stay here!\" The others looked to the Empress in astonishment, but she was no longer standing before him. It was Adair speaking tearfully through her. \"You can't come back. You have to stay.\" \"Adair?\" Atreyu reached for her. \"I don't understand.\" She placed her hand on the side of his face. \"I love you.\" Adair couldn't read on. She snapped the book shut and hurled it across the floor. Bastian ran to scoop it back up. \"Someone else finish for me!\" She cried. \"I'm done!\" She jumped up from the chair and ran to the back room of the shop, taking off up the flight of stairs at the back before anyone could stop her. \"Adair wait!\" Rosemary cried and made to go after her. \"Rosemary.\" It was Iole she stood behind Rosemary with a hand on her shoulder. \"No, you get off me! This is my family and that comes before any of your stupid rules or commandments or whatever you call them!\" The woman tried to shake her off, but Iole held fast until she agreed to hear her out. \"Listen, neither of us have really been there for her the way we might have liked. But you have the rest of her life to be there for her. This is my last chance to do something right by her. You'll never see me again. Just please let me do this.\" At length, Rosemary relented. Iole took the book from Bastian. He took her hand before she left. \"Thank you for keeping your promise.\" He said. \"Thank you for not keeping yours.\" She said with a sad smile. She left them and followed the path Adair had taken to the back room. The door at the top of the staircase led to the roof of the shop. Bastian had set up a sort of flower garden here, and at the edges were two park benches. It was on one of these that Adair sat, staring sullenly at the flowers Bastian and Christa had planted together. Iole sat quietly beside her. \"Hey.\" She said. Adair didn't respond. \"Do you remember when we talked about how life sometimes has those bumps and bruises?\" Adair gave her a very weak nod. Iole held the book out to her. \"This is one of those road bumps.\" Adair's face was red and her eyes were swollen. She couldn't look her in the eye when she spoke. \"I don't know if I can do this. How can I leave him behind?\" \"I know.\" Iole nodded. \"I was in love too once.\" \"What happened?\" She swallowed. \"He died a long time ago. I knew I was probably going to live a really long time and I didn't think I could keep going without him. But I knew I had to. It took a long time, but I realized that what we had, it didn't die with him. It just moved to a new place. This last while I kind of forgot that. It took a special assignment and meeting some really special people to remind me.\" She set the book in Adair's lap. \"You really surprised me. If you can do that then I know you'll be fine no matter what happens.\" She got up from the bench. Adair didn't hear her go back inside, but when she looked up, she was gone. She took a deep breath and opened the book. \"What was that about?\" Jason demanded. \"What does she mean you have to stay here?\" \"I'm afraid Adair's right.\" Amare said sadly. Then she explained the sacrifice Adair had made to save Atreyu and both their worlds. \"You both have a destiny in different worlds. Adair must share what she learned here with her world. Atreyu must remain here to show it in other stories. Without him to fulfill that role, many stories in Fantasia will vanish.\" \"So after everything you guys went through, you have to separate anyway?\" Deisha asked indignantly. \"Yeah she's right.\" Jason agreed. \"You've already been the human world. Why can't you go back?\" \"That was done through dark magic.\" Amare reminded them. \"And it nearly ended him.\" \"Jason,\" Atreyu put a hand on his shoulder. \"It's okay. Amare's right. If Adair or I choose any world but our own, what we fought for would unravel. Adair's made peace with this decision. I...\" He swallowed hard on his words. \"I should as well.\" Jason looked away from him, standing stock still for a moment. Then he set his jaw and shook his head. \"No. That's not good enough.\" \"Jason, go back to her. This way you can be with her like you wished.\" \"But she didn't choose me!\" He shouted and rounded on Atreyu. \"Stop being so freaking good and let someone else be a hero for once!\" Atreyu paused. \"What are you saying?\" Jason didn't answer him. Instead he looked to the Childlike Empress. \"Amare, what if there was a way that Atreyu could go back to the human world without taking anything from Fantasia?\" \"Someone has to finish the stories he is a part of.\" She replied, but she did so with a smile. She knew what he was going to say before he had even said it. \"I'll stay.\" \"What?\" Atreyu, Deisha, and Falkor all said at once. \"No Jason! Don't!\" Adair pleaded, hoping he could hear her somehow. \"You don't have to!\" \"No Adair, I do.\" Jason replied. He had heard her. \"But don't worry, it's not just for you.\" He looked back to Atreyu. \"Or you. I used to think I was jealous of you because of Adair. But I was wrong. All this time I've been looking up to you. I wondered what it was that made you so good. Why you were enough for her and I wasn't? I wanted to know what you had that I didn't. Maybe it was because you carried a sword and rescued girls from monsters. But I think I finally figured out the real reason. You always do the right thing just because it's right. You don't need any other reason but that. That's something I've never done. Maybe that's why I came to Fantasia. So here's my chance.\" He looked up at the light still shining above them from the gate. Adair could see him as she read. She was no longer just picturing him, she could see him. Jason, her best friend was waving goodbye to her from the other side. He didn't look sad or scared. She could see in his eyes that this was something he truly wanted. She could also see how he had changed. He looked less like the awkward frustrated boy she'd grown up with and more like the hero he wanted to be. She brushed her fingers along the page to thank him. \"I'll miss you.\" \"I'll miss you too. But hey, you'll always be my first kiss.\" He said with a laugh. \"Amare, can a human live a normal life in Fantasia if they don't have AURYN?\" \"It's never been done. They would be on their own without any protection but their own.\" She replied. \"But yes. They can live as a Fantasian without losing their memories. But how can a Fantasian like Atreyu live as a human?\" She smiled at him knowingly. He knew what she was really asking. To leave Fantasia, Atreyu needed a story. Only a human could give him that. \"I guess this will be my last act as a human.\" He muttered. He thought of what he knew about Atreyu and tried to piece together a story. \"He can live in the human world...\" As he began, the words came to him easier than he had first thought. It didn't feel like he was making them up, it felt more like he was sifting through memories. Little by little they came into focus and then in a flash he had the answer. \"Atreyu can live in the human world because he's half human.\" The others were silent. He looked at Atreyu who stood with a disbelieving look on his face. \"Atreyu, what do you remember of your parents?\" \"They were both killed by buffalo shortly after I was born. I was raised by all the tribe. That's why my name means Son of All.\" \"Then the Plains People never told you. Your parents gave you that name. Your name means Son of All because you are a child of both worlds.\" \"How can that be?\" \"A long time ago, a human woman came to Fantasia. But she was frightened by it. She had a family in the human world and used up her wishes in a panic to return to them. She didn't understand AURYN or the wishes it granted and she lost her memories quickly. Soon she even forgot her family. She wandered alone for a long time until she fell into the Grasslands where a Plains hunter found her. He couldn't give her memories back, but he did give her a new life. He taught her how to live among the Plains People. They fell in love and when she was accepted as a true member of the tribe, they married. They had a child, but they were killed in a hunt and the tribe raised him as their own. They decided to keep the truth from him, for if others knew of a half human in Fantasia it might place him in danger. But that child grew to walk with humans. Not only that, he fell in love with one.\" Atreyu was awestruck, as were Falkor and Deisha. They couldn't think of what to say. Such a thing had never been heard of in all Fantasia. \"It's a beautiful story.\" Amare said sweetly. \"How do you know of all this?\" You're going to make me say it aren't you. He thought with a smirk. \"I know this because that woman was my mother.\" Adair read that part over to see if she'd heard right. Was such thing possible, even in Fantasia? Jason had never spoken of his mother before now. \"In my world, she was hit in a car accident when I was very small. She fell into a coma that she never came out of. My father waited two years for her to wake up, then one day her body just quit. We never knew why. Now I do. That was the day she and your father were killed by the buffalo.\" He turned back to Amare. \"Good enough? Can he go back now?\" \"I have no say in this.\" The Childlike Empress smiled. \"Atreyu, you are half human. What world you live in is your decision now.\" Atreyu stammered to find the right words. \"Jason... how can you ask me to leave Fantasia now that I know I have a brother?\" Jason took his hand and shook it firmly, placing his other hand on his shoulder. \"Because your big brother says so. That's why.\" Atreyu looked to his other friends. \"Deisha...\" She knew what he wanted to say. \"Don't worry about me. I'll be fine. Plains People are tough. They might cry a little when I break the news, but I'll get them through it.\" \"Come on you guys, we just won!\" Jason crowed. \"I don't believe for a second this is the end for any of us. We're in a n ever ending story. We'll see you again.\" Atreyu wanted to believe it. As happy as a future with Adair made him, he was still saddened by the prospect of leaving his friends in Fantasia behind. \"How can you be so sure?\" Amare answered for him. \"There is a prophecy, which we seldom speak of, that someday humans will bring love to Fantasia. Then the two worlds will be one.\" Jason grinned. \"Looks like we have our work cut out for us on both sides. Can we count on you to hold up your end over there?\" Atreyu smiled and shook Jason's hand. \"You have my word... Yadalanh She'nai.\" \"Till we meet again my brother.\" Jason repeated. Deisha came to Atreyu and hugged him. \"Yadalanh.\" She whispered into his ear. Atreyu came to Falkor and placed his arms around his great lion's head. \"I'll miss you Falkor. You've been my truest friend for as long as I can remember.\" \"Now don't get my scales wet.\" Falkor chuckled. \"You heard what Amare said. With luck, we'll see each other again. But allow me to give you a proper send off.\" Atreyu nodded and climbed onto Falkor's back one last time. He waved to the others and Falkor took off into the sky. He flew just below the gate, and stopped short of passing through it. Atreyu stood up and Falkor vaulted him into the air, straight through the gate. He vanished into the light, and when he was gone it closed. AURYN floated back to the ground to Amare's waiting hand. The Childlike Empress slipped it back onto its chain and looped it around her neck. Falkor flew back down to their level. \"So what's next for the three of you?\" The Golden Eyed Commander of Wishes asked her subjects. \"Where are you headed Falkor?\" Jason asked. Falkor laughed his deep bronze laugh. \"Jason, I'm a Luckdragon. I go wherever the wind takes me. Why do you ask?\" \"I don't know. This hero stuff is new to me. I might need someone a little older to show me the ropes.\" \"Are you saying I'm old?\" Jason grinned. \"As the hills.\" \"Then I'm your dragon.\" \"You'll need someone to watch your back.\" Deisha interjected. \"And I think I'm ready to get out of the Plains. I want to see a little more of Fantasia.\" \"I think the question is, can Fantasia handle you?\" Jason chuckled which earned him a slug to the arm from her. \"I've seen you try to hunt. You won't survive a day without me.\" \"I do like to eat. Welcome aboard Team Luck!\" \"I think we need to work on that name.\" \"Agreed.\" Falkor nodded. \"Then it's settled.\" Amare declared. \"Allow me to present you with your first quest.\" She held Sikanda in her hand and slipped its gleaming blade back into its rusty sheathe. \"Before he left, Bastian declared that one day a hero would come to wield this sword without danger. They have a very important quest and they'll need Sikanda. Your first quest is to find them present Sikanda to them. I'd say good luck, but with Falkor with you I think that goes without saying.\" She winked one of her golden eyes at the dragon. Jason bowed gallantly. \"As you wish your majesty.\" He and Deisha climbed onto Falkor's back. \"Which direction?\" Falkor asked. \"East.\" Jason said with surety. \"Why east?\" Deisha asked. \"Because we're supposed to fly off into the sunset.\" \"It's dawn you idiot. East is the sunrise.\" \"I'm working with what I have!\" \"Now come on the two of you.\" Falkor said calmly. \"Is this really how we want to begin our first adventure together? We'll never make it at the rate you two argue.\" \"Sure we will.\" Jason promised with a wink. \"With luck.\" Then the three of them flew east. They would find that young hero who was destined to hold Sikanda, and they'd have many other adventures besides. Fantasia would soon tell stories of the boy with the luck-magic sword, and the wild girl from the plains who flew on the back of a Luckdragon named Falkor. In time they would each become champions of justice in their own right. But that is another story and shall be told another time. Within the gate between worlds, Atreyu ascended further and further upward. It was like swimming through light. He could feel himself drawing nearer to her. The closer she felt, the more he began to see her. He saw her high above him, her hazel green eyes watching the pages of the book in front of her. And when she finally put the book down... ...There he was.[Chapter 28] Epilogue: Still Seeking \"Fay, total the results of the experiment.\" Thoth drawled. On a distant world, far from Fantasia and the Human World, the Circle of the Night was regrouping in one of their darkened safe-houses. It was a one room hut with nothing but a fireplace and three chairs around a dirty wooden table. The trip through the rift had been exhausting on all three of them, yet he was loathe to see Fay actually smirking as she swished her black cat's tail back and forth in front of his face. The black silk-bound book with The Neverending Story written on its cover lay on the table between them. \"As we've seen in other worlds, the Strongest Magic can allow the accomplishment of great feats that would otherwise be impossible. But we've gathered even more data from our time in Fantasia. From the ten years that Adair's heart remained dormant, we learned that the Strongest Magic can be sealed indefinitely.\" She explained. \"However, her reawakening proved that destroying it is impossible.\" \"So it can be sealed, but not destroyed.\" Nag reiterated from where it crouched near the fire. \"Correct. Furthermore, it cannot be copied or counterfeited. Even with her memories altered by the potion, the connection between Adair and Jason could never be the same as the one she shares with Atreyu. But the most interesting is what we learned by Adair's sacrifice. We had an idea of true love, but now we saw what pure love is capable of.\" \"So there are more levels of this wretched magic of yours?\" Thoth sighed. \"What a headache you've brought on us m'dear.\" \"I think it warrants further study.\" Fay replied with smug satisfaction. \"All in all, I declare this experiment a complete success.\" Thoth and Nag exchanged glances which soon became devilish grins. Thoth looked back to Fay from over the rims of his glasses. \"Well, not a complete success for you m'dear. After all, you left there empty handed. And after you made Atreyu such a generous offer.\" Fay's smirk faded at once. \"Oh Fay,\" Nag cackled. \"You thought we didn't know about your plan?\" \"I was amazed at how quickly he rejected you.\" Thoth laughed openly. \"How our dear little kitten sends the boys running.\" They both laughed cruelly together at Fay's expense until she slammed her fists onto the table in front of her. The black fur on her tail stood on end and they were silent. She looked to them both with contempt. She snatched the book from the table and hurled it over her head into the fireplace. She turned back to face the others. She straightened her dark hair. \"Very well. You two can choose the next experiment, and I'll declare this one a draw on one condition. We never speak of this again.\" \"As you wish M'dear. But I think Nag and I need to release a few more good laughs before we're ready to make that deal.\" Because Fay burned the book, she never did read the rest of what had happened at the Ivory Tower: how Jason had stayed behind in Atreyu's stead. Nor did she learn that Atreyu had found his way back to Adair. In accordance with the promise they had made with the Childlike Empress, the Seekers never returned to Fantasia. But Fay would continue seeking the Strongest Magic. Whether she found it or not, none can say for certain. But one thing is certain. Because of her twisted selfish heart, her search would lead her down very dark paths to seek it. For this reason, that is a story that is perhaps best left untold. There is much left to be said about Adair and Atreyu as well. For one, she had much to say to her teacher in the writing assignment he had asked her for. It was a week late, but because of the merit of her work, he accepted it anyway. Atreyu had much adjusting to do, but a certain dragon saw to it that the necessary paperwork was passed along for Bastian and Christa to be his legal guardians. He would have many struggles and trials in this new world just as he had in Fantasia. But those he loved were there to guide him. The work Atreyu and Adair had both promised to do was far from over, and they worked side by side every day to share the truth of Fantasia and the magic they had found there with whoever would listen, and in many different ways. In time they would teach their children to carry it on as well, as we all should. For those who believe in Fantasia still look forward to the day that the two worlds will become one. But that is another story and shall be told another time. ","Summary":" A/N: Hello one and all and thank you for reading my new undertaking. I tried posting this in the bo"},{"Movie":"Lawrence of Arabia","Title":"Lawrence of Arabia: An Unexpected Journey","Author":"SeleccionPeruana","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10262840","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So… after someone talked to me about the trailer of Lawrence of Arabia: An Unexpected Journey , I think it's time to show them something about it. It would be a long fanfic… And history will be remade once again. By a way, this story will include a huge cross-over from every films in cartoon, anime, movie style: : Lawrence of Arabia (both history, 1962's British film, 1984-88 Japanese manga and 2008 Syrian TV series) – main. : Doraemon/The Doraemons – main. : Tom and Jerry – main. : Auda abu Tayeh (2009 Qatari TV series) – main. : Jewelpet. : Pretty Cure. : Mr. Peabody and Sherman. : Phineas and Ferb. : Sofia the First. : Sailor Moon. : The Mighty B! : The Powerpuff Girls. : Frozen. : Gravity Falls. : Sítio do Picapau Amarelo. : Rio. : The Avengers. : Crayon Shin-chan. : Tangled. : Hey Arnold! : Cardcaptor Sakura. : Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil. : Ninja Hattori-kun. : Sidekick. : Titeuf. : Cedric. : Sabrina: the teenage witch (both in cartoon and movie). : ChalkZone. : Zipi y Zape. And I do not own all of them. When Dora-the-Kid started taking the book about Arabian history, he read it, with nothing seemed too worry about it. The book, which was named The legends of Arabia , wasn't being published in the population. It was a book written from someone in the history, but nobody knew it. The only thing to knew was the book had been made in only two languages: English and Arabic. But… funny for all, the book began in Arabic, before it changed to English. \"What the…\" Kid seemed unlikely for the start. He could speak Arabic, but just a little, so he did not know anymore. And he worried \"How can I read it in Arabic? Really, I… I can speak Arabic, but just a little, not many. So, where is the English version?\" But then, Thomas 'Tom' Cat helped him by pointing the English scene \"In here, idiot.\" The scene located in the bottom of the page, and all of them… they shook its heads. Mr. Peabody demanded for the upcoming of the book. \"Can you be fast, Kid? I've spent enough of my patience.\" \"Shut up, Mister! I know what am I doing!\" Kid was ablaze and almost crushed the book, but he knew it was the only evidence until now to understand everything about T. E. Lawrence, so he inhaled so long, and relaxed in the sofa \"Calm down, cowboy.\" And then, he read the beginning: \" My name is Sherif Ali ibn el Kharish, but my friends called me as Sherif Nasir. Today, I'm going to write a story about the Revolt which was made the Turkish rules in entire Arabia collapsed. In here, my homeland, our Arabia, we should have thanked four people who made this Revolt turned successful: first was Allah. Allah had stood with us in entire the Revolt, blessed us, and guided us to victory; second was Sultan Faisal. He was a true patriot, a Hashemite member who changed from the Turks to join the Arabs in the war; third was Auda abu Tayi, or Tayeh. Tayi, full name was… I don't remember, sadly, but… I think he was another patriot I cannot skip. Auda, the leader of the Howeitat tribe, who was died in 1924, first joining because for money, but then, he believed he would not need money to continue, instead he would be loyal to the Revolt until the victory day. All of them was the greatests, but… why I called four? Because if that man hadn't been here, the Revolt might have been ended late, or might have even been never ended. He, the man who wore our clothes, the Thawb, white, and had British accent, was our main heart of the Arab Revolt. He was an ordinary man, but in this story, he had lived in an extraordinary life. He created the railway bombing tactic, assaulting the Turks in the desert, and even more, but I can't remember. Even so, he should have a place in the heroes. I'm glad to be friend with him, and where is he now? Because… he is in England, and lives a normal life like everybody else. His name is Thomas Edward Lawrence, but they called him as Lawrence of Arabia. And… it is my story about his life, from young to the Arab Revolt. Sherif Ali ibn el Kharish June, 1933 P.S.: When I and Lawrence remet in 1919, he shared his life to me in France. \" \"Wow wow wow Sherif Ali? Is that the man who appeared in 1962's film?\" Tom felt weird about Sherif Ali, so he then posed to Dora-med III's ear \"So Sherif Ali's was Sherif Nasir?\" Dora-med III then showed the hand held circular in front of Tom \"Stop asking and keep listening.\" Tom was dissatisfied, but he mustn't have any actions, so he just returned to Peabody, smashed his hand into his knees. Meanwhile, Dora-the-Kid had lost another words about it. \" And now, welcome to T. E. Lawrence's story. It is here, and started many years ago… \" The legends of Arabia…[Chapter 2] So… after someone talked to me about the trailer of Lawrence of Arabia: An Unexpected Journey , I think it's time to show them something about it. It would be a long fanfic… And history will be remade once again. By a way, this story will include a huge cross-over from every films in cartoon, anime, movie style: : Lawrence of Arabia (both history, 1962's British film, 1984-88 Japanese manga and 2008 Syrian TV series) – main. : Doraemon/The Doraemons – main. : Tom and Jerry – main. : Auda abu Tayeh (2009 Qatari TV series) – main. : Peanuts. : Mr. Peabody and Sherman. : Phineas and Ferb. : Sofia the First. : Sailor Moon. : The Mighty B! : The Powerpuff Girls. : Frozen. : Gravity Falls. : Sítio do Picapau Amarelo. : Rio. : The Avengers. : Crayon Shin-chan. And I do not own all of them. When Dora-the-Kid started taking the book about Arabian history, he read it, with nothing seemed too worry about it. The book, which was named The legends of Arabia , wasn't being published in the population. It was a book written from someone in the history, but nobody knew it. The only thing to knew was the book had been made in only two languages: English and Arabic. But… funny for all, the book began in Arabic, before it changed to English. \"What the…\" Kid seemed unlikely for the start. He could speak Arabic, but just a little, so he did not know anymore. And he worried \"How can I read it in Arabic? Really, I… I can speak Arabic, but just a little, not many. So, where is the English version?\" But then, Thomas 'Tom' Cat helped him by pointing the English scene \"In here, idiot.\" The scene located in the bottom of the page, and all of them… they shook its heads. Mr. Peabody demanded for the upcoming of the book. \"Can you be fast, Kid? I've spent enough of my patience.\" \"Shut up, Mister! I know what am I doing!\" Kid was ablaze and almost crushed the book, but he knew it was the only evidence until now to understand everything about T. E. Lawrence, so he inhaled so long, and relaxed in the sofa \"Calm down, cowboy.\" And then, he read the beginning: \" My name is Sherif Ali ibn el Kharish, but my friends called me as Sherif Nasir. Today, I'm going to write a story about the Revolt which was made the Turkish rules in entire Arabia collapsed. In here, my homeland, our Arabia, we should have thanked four people who made this Revolt turned successful: first was Allah. Allah had stood with us in entire the Revolt, blessed us, and guided us to victory; second was Sultan Faisal. He was a true patriot, a Hashemite member who changed from the Turks to join the Arabs in the war; third was Auda abu Tayi, or Tayeh. Tayi, full name was… I don't remember, sadly, but… I think he was another patriot I cannot skip. Auda, the leader of the Howeitat tribe, who was died in 1924, first joining because for money, but then, he believed he would not need money to continue, instead he would be loyal to the Revolt until the victory day. All of them was the greatests, but… why I called four? Because if that man hadn't been here, the Revolt might have been ended late, or might have even been never ended. He, the man who wore our clothes, the Thawb, white, and had British accent, was our main heart of the Arab Revolt. He was an ordinary man, but in this story, he had lived in an extraordinary life. He created the railway bombing tactic, assaulting the Turks in the desert, and even more, but I can't remember. Even so, he should have a place in the heroes. I'm glad to be friend with him, and where is he now? Because… he is in England, and lives a normal life like everybody else. His name is Thomas Edward Lawrence, but they called him as Lawrence of Arabia. And… it is my story about his life, from young to the Arab Revolt. Sherif Ali ibn el Kharish June, 1933 P.S.: When I and Lawrence remet in 1919, he shared his life to me in France. \" \"Wow wow wow Sherif Ali? Is that the man who appeared in 1962's film?\" Tom felt weird about Sherif Ali, so he then posed to Dora-med III's ear \"So Sherif Ali's was Sherif Nasir?\" Dora-med III then showed the hand held circular in front of Tom \"Stop asking and keep listening.\" Tom was dissatisfied, but he mustn't have any actions, so he just returned to Peabody, smashed his hand into his knees. Meanwhile, Dora-the-Kid had lost another words about it. \" And now, welcome to T. E. Lawrence's story. It is here, and started many years ago… \" The legends of Arabia…[Chapter 3] And it was the story… ##### June, 1914 Syria, Ottoman Empire In here, T. E. Lawrence, whom short yellow-haired, small, wore a gray suit jacket, a beret, with his gray pants, as a significant archaeologist from England, was walking in the desert of Syria, one of the hot desert in entire Arabia. Following him was his servant, a young boy, whom had a close oval face, a bright voice of Syrian accent, eyes looked like a thief, and had beared. He could speak English, thanked for Lawrence teaching English to him. To pay it, he taught Arabic to Lawrence. He was named Dahoum (*) , but in fact, his real name was Selim Ahmed. He was born in Syria, but did not know location. He and Lawrence were walking on the desert, to explore the ruins in Arabia. He wore the black Thawb. And they kept walking… \"Faster, Dahoum! We don't have much time!\" Lawrence talked large in the desert. With them, they had to go on another train, if they crossed out the Syrian Desert. So Dahoum and Lawrence must walk fast before too late. They got only one hour left to do. Dahoum repeated \"I'm okay, Lawrence!\" and kept moving behind. But they were lucky… Right in the desert, an Ottoman soldier of Arab ethnically also crossed into the desert. He was taking the order from Fayz Bey, the new Bey who was appointed to control the law in Syria. That Ottoman soldier had light eyes, taller than Lawrence a few, wore a green uniform of the Ottoman Army. He was able to drive a cabriolet and now was in patrol. And he saw them. It was Lawrence and Dahoum who were walking in Syrian Desert… \"It's very tense, Lawrence.\" said Dahoum. \"I know, Dahoum. But we must continue.\" Lawrence didn't notice about the heat. He just walked, and walked, and… did it always. But that soldier had seen it all. He was caring a shotgun, new made in Germany. He then arrived to meet Lawrence and Dahoum very fast. He ran to them, and then, he whooped: \"هل أنت على ما يرام، يا رفاق؟\" ( ARE YOU ALRIGHT, GUYS? ) He did not speak English, but Lawrence, thanked God, had learned Arabic 4 years ago. He then turned around, and saw a man, wore green, running to them. When Lawrence looked closer, he realized that it was a Turkish soldier. So he called back \"شكرا لك، رجل! نحن ذاهبون إلى نابلس!\" ( THANK YOU, MAN! WE ARE GOING TO NABLUS! ) Dahoum also looked back, and found that soldier. Dahoum then stopped his walking, and came to Lawrence, where the Englishman was talking with that soldier. Dahoum thought in his mind that why Lawrence met that soldier, but he should not know anyway. Meanwhile, Lawrence went to the soldier. That soldier welcomed them very nice and wonderful, by salaamed his head. He spoke to Lawrence, even when he was very exhausted \"سمعت جوابك، يا سيدي. كنت تعلمت اللغة العربية؟\" ( I heard your answer, sir. You learnt Arabic? ) Lawrence smiled in front of him and replied \"بالضبط، الجندي. لقد تعلمت في بيروت منذ 4 سنوات.\" ( Exactly, soldier. I learnt in Beirut 4 years ago. ) That soldier also questioned that where would Lawrence and Dahoum go, and Lawrence whispered that they would go to Carchemish. He nodded and told them he knew the short cut. Meanwhile, Dahoum, who arrived late, had huffed his nose. \"Wow… I can't believe you meet that guy so fast.\" \"Dahoum, be patience. He knew the way to go to Carchemish. Lost only 15 minutes.\" Lawrence confirmed into Dahoum, and Dahoum lied in the ground. Despite the heat, Dahoum still made a question \"How can you trust him?\" \"Trust me, Dahoum. I know what to do. Besides, it's not war yet.\" confirmed Lawrence, definitely. Then, Lawrence sat with Dahoum, and did not open his mouth. Lawrence wanted Dahoum to restore full power before talking, but also waiting for the Turkish Arab soldier. That soldier was asking for the permission of Fayz Bey… And two minutes later… \"Lawrence, will he get his car?\" Dahoum pleased for the travel. But Lawrence still kept patience \"Dahoum, you just wait and see. Do not feel strain, Dahoum. If not, we may miss our chance. We have to reach Carchemish.\" Seeing the face of Lawrence: no change, Dahoum had to wake up and followed him. And Lawrence was correct. That soldier was accepted for using cabriolet to drive the gang, so he drove it out. He could drive a military cabriolet, so it was lucky. Grits from the desert had made this cabriolet more mystic, before it was showed. A Stanley 607 model. It was painted red, had the moon defects and a big star between the defects. He wakened them: \"كابريوليه هنا! الآن دعنا ننتقل!\" ( Cabriolet is here! Now let's move out! ) Lawrence and Dahoum ran to them. They carried their small luggages, put in the cabriolet, and took the hand writer. Lawrence jumped to the cabriolet while Dahoum jumped to the back of the cabriolet. Both of them sat down and thanked the soldier for helping them. And that Arab soldier thanked too. He then carried the cabriolet, and prepared to move out \"احصل على استعداد اللاعبين. يمكن أن يكون صدمة جداً.\" ( Get ready guys. It could be very shock. ) Then, Dahoum suddenly remembered… \"Lawrence?\" \"Yes, Dahoum?\" Lawrence turned back. \"I forgot that the street into Carchemish is very bad.\" Dahoum's worrying face attracted Lawrence. Lawrence then turned to front, and saw the street. It looked very clear, but had a lot of holes, potholes, and the negligence of human being. Lawrence then surprised \"Oh dear.\" But that soldier had driven out. The engine had been fully reloaded, and the wheels also started moving. Lawrence decided to ask the last question: \"هذه الطريقة سيئة حقاً؟\" ( This way is really bad? ) \"وبطبيعة الحال، سيدي الرئيس. ولكن هذا هو الاختصار فقط حتى الآن.\" ( Of course, sir. But that is the only shortcut until now. ) He said, and began. He drove very fast, and entered into the shortcut: the way which had two large brown cliffs located in left and right of the way. Lawrence and Dahoum were shocked that they must hugged together \" WHHOOOAAAAAA IT'S DANGEROUS!\" But that Arab did not listen, because he was full speed. And the shortcut? It was straight ahead, so kept driving with this speed, they would not touch anything. And when Lawrence and Dahoum almost felt sick, he did not change, but launched it more. \"أن شاء الله! دعونا عبر هذا الاختصار! فو!\" ( Insha'Allah! Let's cross this shortcut! WHOHOO! ) Lawrence and Dahoum faces were gone. They felt the heat of this cabriolet was worse than they thought, so they must keep its place. And then, finally, they got out from the shortcut, but in front of them was a small station. And he began slowing the speed. But with Lawrence and Dahoum, they felt like they want to meet the God. \"Dahoum, have you got will?\" \"Yes… Lawrence!\" Their faces turned green. They looked very weak, but then, when the cabriolet slow to normal speed, they were unconcious. Oh my… Lawrence and Dahoum. That soldier finally had reached to the station where Lawrence and Dahoum want to go. The cabriolet slowed its speed until it reached to zero. And when it reached to zero, the soldier had done his job. \"ههه… يا له من يوم عظيم. استيقظ الرجال. فمن المحطة إلى كركميش.\" ( Hah… what a great day. Wake up, guys. It's the station to Carchemish. ) But when he called, they were still like dead. So he felt weird about it. His face was feeling awesome, but just a half, so he must go to them and slapped two of them. He slaps were strong enough to make them wake up. \"مرحبا بكم في أول محطة كركميش. وسوف تساعدك على الذهاب إلى كركميش. والرجاء تستيقظ سوف أعود إلى كابريوليه.\" ( Welcome to the first Carchemish station. It will help you go to Carchemish. And please wake up, I'll return to the cabriolet. ) Lawrence and Dahoum was up, and they saw the station. It looked very small, but well-constructed with eaves could protect over 100 people from the sun. So Lawrence and Dahoum paid the respect to the soldier \"حسنا. شكرا لك ليصل بنا إلى هنا. ولكن إذا كنت تفعل ذلك في إنكلترا، وسوف أطلق لك.\" ( Alright. Thank you for bringing us to here. But if you do it in England, you will be fired. ) That soldier then answered with a daredevil face \"لا تقلق. أنها الصحراء، رجل.\" ( Do not worry. It is desert, man. ) Lawrence was disappointed about that, while Dahoum had brought enough of luggages. Dahoum sticked out tongue to the soldier, but the soldier had driven the cabriolet away, in a same street. Lawrence and Dahoum did not want to see that soldier anymore, and they thought in its heads that they would kill him if he reappeared. But who knew? Might be one day they would face him. ##### First Carchemish Station… The station located close to Carchemish. And it was there. Lawrence and Dahoum must hurry, because they only had 25 minutes to do. Lawrence and Dahoum then came to the train which was preparing to go. They did not relax or buy anything to eat. They ran out from guesses, from European visitors, and jumped through the people in here. They faced a lot of Ottoman patrols in here, walking carefully. Since the rise of the nationalism under the Ottoman Empire, the Turks must create the Sharia in everywhere in Arabia, for one reason: scaring the Arab nationalists could riot, like what happened in its European territories. They had gotten tickets, so they might have a place in the train. But they had to face the obstacle: train ticket keeper. The keeper was a fat, had a big black mustache, and over 40 years old. Lawrence and Dahoum faced that man in the door of the last carriage. \"Bilet nerede?\" ( Where are your tickets? ) \"Şey… burada, gardiyan.\" ( Well… in here, keeper. ) Lawrence took from his pocket two tickets written in Ottoman Turkish. Lawrence and Dahoum always be sure about this, and the keeper had agreed, and let them enter inside. Before he walked out to give his job for another friend, he waved his right hand \"Yolculuklar, beyler.\" ( Enjoy the trip, sirs. ) And the train, it started. Lawrence and Dahoum had placed in their own seat, which closest to the exit. ##### Train… In the train, Dahoum started questioning to Lawrence, when they were looking to the window… \"Lawrence, what did you think? The train is greater than the cabriolet.\" \"Selim Ahmed, I see it. And I… I dislike to meet that man.\" \"It's okay I'm always with you.\" Dahoum then put the hand to inside the train and queried ot Lawrence \"Say… Lawrence, how about your childhood?\" Lawrence then opened his eyes, and he stopped seeing the scene outside. He had a lot of thing to remember, but he hugged side, and told to Dahoum \"Did you ever have any childhood moment? Since I met you right here, in Carchemish, as a water boy, you helped me a lot. So… Dahoum, you're seventeen. I ask again: Did you ever have any childhood moment?\" Dahoum then showed \"Yes, I was an orphan boy, and I had to live by myself. I never knew a real family, until you brought me when I was twelve. I don't know…\" Lawrence was expressed sympathy, and gave his hands to Dahoum's shoulders. \"I see, Dahoum. Sorry.\" Lawrence said, and Dahoum,… Dahoum forgave him, and still did query Lawrence \"So what about your childhood?\" With this question, Lawrence put his hands on his knees, sat up straight, and abridged his story: \"So… Selim Ahmed 'Dahoum', it you say so, here is my childhood story…\" And Lawrence's memories came back: when he was born; in Wales, Scotland and France; his first walk in the Solent off Tepe beach and the taste of country life, as Ned; in Oxford and when he came to Arabia. But Lawrence had one thing he mustn't forget… It was when his father, Thomas Robert Tighe Chapman, 7th Baronet, adopted a baby under the rain… The unknown sixth son of the family of Thomas Chapman and Sarah Junner: Sherman. (*) Selim Ahmed/Dahoum: (ca. 1897–1916) also called \"Dahoum\", meaning \"little dark one\", was a Syrian Arab boy who worked with T. E. Lawrence at a pre-war archaeological dig at Carchemish . They met when Ahmed was 12 while Lawrence was working as an archaeologist at Carchemish , where Ahmed had been hired as a water boy. Lawrence employed Dahoum as an assistant, sending him to investigate Deve Huyuk , a village between Carchemish and Aleppo , where an early gravesite had been discovered. Ahmed learned English and mathematics from Lawrence, and taught him Arabic in exchange. In June 1914, Lawrence left Dahoum as custodian at the Carchemish site to return to England and participate in the war effort. Upon his return to Syria in 1918, he discovered Dahoum had succumbed to typhus in 1916.[Chapter 4] T. E. Lawrence, now he had begun talking about his childhood, started in a place he called: Gorphwysfa… ##### 16 August, 1888 Tremadog, Wales, Britain Inside the house named Gorphwysfa (*) , a small Welsh house, which had outside wall green, and the black green roof, and looked simple but modern, a woman, with light-yellow curly haired, and an oval face, was lying under the bed. She was Sarah Junner, the mother and secret love of Thomas Chapman (**) , whose had secret name too: Thomas Robert Lawrence, the man I couldn't imagine his face. She would give a birth for the second baby of the Lawrences. About her, Sarah was a governess of Thomas' daughters before, but when Thomas had some problems with his wife, Miss Edith Sarah Hamilton, Thomas left with Sarah, and secretly became a couple of a non-recognized family. But that was the past, when T. E. wasn't born. This current time, all of the current family, including his first son: Montagu Robert Lawrence, who was 3 years old, were waiting for the new born. And then, Thomas entered into the room, by gently opening the door. His own doctor had whispered to his right ear: \"Mr. Lawrence?\" \"Yes?\" Thomas Chapman/Thomas Lawrence now worried \"Will she give the birth of a new baby?\" \"I hope so.\" the doctor pointed at Sarah \"And it was right here.\" No more words, the doctor and Thomas Lawrence entered to make pressure to Sarah's stomach. With a pregnant, this was the moment between death or alive. Both could be alive, or only one, or die both. Sarah lied on the bed just screaming… \"AHHHH!\" Montagu felt scared. The first son since Thomas changed his family name, the boy with a short-haired yellow, didn't wanna see it. He began to yell too: \"MAMMA? MAMMA! MAMMA!\" But he could not get in. Meanwhile, Mr. Thomas Lawrence and his doctor tried to bring the baby out from her. Sarah even felt more pain from this. \"AH!\" It was another sound, from Sarah. The doctor and Thomas smelt something from Sarah, too… It was time… \"Hold still!\" Thomas Lawrence started holding Sarah. And the doctor began… \"AH!\" This was a special day for the couple. They would have another kid, belong with Montagu, and the six child in Thomas's thought. He had four daughters, but only one son. So, it would be his fifth daughter or second son. He was holding Sarah, so might he know… And the answer was… \"WWWWAAAAAA!\" the baby was born in this day. The sun would have almost gotten down on the day, if it hadn't been success. But the trouble was gone, and a baby was born. A boy, with yellow-haired, small, and very light, weak. Mr. Thomas then touched on the baby, whom was cleaned by a small white towel took by the doctor. The doctor also carefully gave the baby to Mr. Lawrence's hand… \"Here's your son, Mr. Lawrence. Ms. Sarah had done.\" The doctor told to Thomas, once again, very peacefully \"I think I have finished my job. What about you? Will you give him a name?\" Thomas Robert Lawrence felt was difficult to think a name. T. R. Lawrence (Thomas Robert Lawrence), a Baronet, the 7th Baronet of Chapman's house, must be fast. He looked to the blue eyes of the baby, and thing was about to change… \"Well…\" He then asked his love, Sarah, about giving a name for the baby. She was lying on the bed, and tired after a moment. With a pregnant like her, it took a lot of time to giving birth for a child, so she shook her head, and whispered to T. R. \"Why don't you go ask our son?\" Right then, T. R. Lawrence noticed to his first son, Montagu Robert. Montagu was standing outside, and was very scared about it. He did not know what happened to his mother. He just looked into the brown wooden door, as he did not try to come closer. He waited, and waited. But then, something was come… \"Dad?\" Montagu found that Mr. Lawrence had brought something heavy behind the small towel. Inside this, Montagu had been trying to guess \"Is that the baby?\" Mr. Lawrence smiled in front of Montagu, and said slowly \"Son, welcome to your new brother.\" He then showed the baby to his 3 years old son. The baby looked so beautiful, and he was just crying for the beginning of his life. He queried his son about it: \"What did you think for a name of the baby?\" \"But… why?\" Montagu repeated by a cute voice of a 3 years old boy. \"Well… he is our son. I did not know a name for him? How about this? I gave him the name Thomas Lawrence, okay?\" Mr. Lawrence tinkering about the name for the new born. Montagu was just standing here, but did not know either. In one of the few occasion, Mr. Lawrence searched from his head: Mabel? No, too girly and silly; Fiona? Neither; James, Jack? Too… normal. So Mr. Lawrence was in a hard situation… Suddenly, his son then jumped. \"How about Edward Lawrence?\" Montagu said with inspiration when he was jumping. And Mr. Lawrence opened his eyes: that's right, he had found the last. Then he shouted happily \"Oh my God, Montagu, you're making me excited! Edward, right?\" Montagu later stopped jumping after all, and then he questioned \"What happen father? Is there something wrong?\" Mr. Lawrence then replied \"Not yet. You're not wrong, you're correct! Thanks for you, I've found the last piece of his name.\" He looked into the baby and then, he declared \"From now, this baby will be named Thomas Edward Lawrence!\" Thomas Robert Lawrence headed into the sky, and hoped for a bright future… ##### Ottoman Syria June, 1914 Train… \"So, that's the day when you were born.\" Dahoum spoke to T. E. Lawrence \"So, what happen next?\" \"You shall know. Here, listen to me, I'm not done yet. Then… my young life was like a silent tsunami…\" T. E. touched his lip close to Dahoum's right ear, and continued his story… ##### Lawrence's life just looked like a silent tsunami. To escape from the hunting of Thomas's first wife, they must move a lot: in Kirkcudbright, South West Scotland; when in Dinard, France; and even in Jersey, a seperated island from France. In here, he had learned two-three languages: Scot, English and French. But he only spoke fluent French and English. His Welsh accent also made him looked more English. But he also had a great time in here, because he had been experience in these places. And his first experience was in a place called Langley Dodge. And his first action was in the beach named Solent off Lepe. Solent off Lepe beach… \"And now, pround to present the yacht racing in the Solent off Lepe beach!\" the chairman, who looked fat, wore the beret, had an old voice, with long black bear like a Jew declared. Mr. Lawrence had brought his sons: Montagu Robert – the tallest, Thomas Edward – the excited boy, William George – the fat and Frank Helier – the youngest, into the beach to watch the race. In here, the oldest of the young Lawrences: Montagu, suggested something to his brothers: \"Brothers, do you want to sail?\" \"I do not know? Besides, dad said…\" William, the boy with a circular face and curly haired in the front of the head, did not think about this. But Montagu Robert reassured \"Don't worry, we won't go to the beach. We just go and see the race.\" But then, Thomas Edward felt being inspired from the activities. \"No worry, Bob. I can handle it.\" Bob was Montagu's nickname, and at this house, due to their names were too long, so they must think nicknames. So, they made its nicknames: Bob for Montagu Robert, Ned for Thomas Edward, Will for William George. Frank, the youngest boy, looked like Lawrence except his childish voice, demanded to go out there too \"Hey, if Ned could, then I am able to.\" Will stopped Frank while Bob yelled to Ned: \"DON'T GO OUT! THE SEA WILL KILL YOU!\" \"There is nothing to fear!\" Ned just replied like that and ran away like he never seen before. His father, Thomas Robert 'T. R.' also saw it from the stand. Mr. Lawrence then shouted to T. E. \"STOP RIGHT NOW, NED!\" But Ned did not mind about this. He just ran to the beach, and just like that: kept running, running, running in the beach. The chairman was surprised that he saw a boy running on the beach when the yacht was happening. He posed \"What is that boy doing here?\" while the others and especially… Ned's father, Mr. T. R. did not want to ask. Thomas Robert had to slap on his face \"Oh boy…\" Bob must follow Ned about it… \"NED! NEDDY! GET BACK!\" Ned still played in the beach, while the race was about to end. All the yachts were going back. So Bob must hurry. He walked very fast, no scare, just for his brother. With Bob, Ned was one of his favorite brother. \"Alright Neddy! It's over now!\" \"Bobby, it's very funny. I think this is fun.\" Ned said. But when those yachts arrived closer, Bob had to show it: he ran to Neddy, and pulled Neddy away. He captured Ned's left hand, crushed Ned's left hand. Ned started pain and cracked his bones. Ned tried to resist back, but Montagu Robert 'Bobby' was older and stronger, so Bob had succeeded. He forced Thomas Edward 'Neddy' back to the mainland, and these yachts had come back all. The race was finally ended… The chairman when he watched the race, he saw Ned before was gone. He breathed himself about it, and he was able to say the winner. T. R. Lawrence, who slapped his face for a while due to disappointment, opening his eyes, and found nothing more. So, T. E. was saved, thanked for M. R. (Montagu Robert). Montagu then led Thomas Edward to meet their father. \"Fun is over, Ned.\" Bob then threw Ned into the father. The race was over, and both of spectator was about to go home. Mr. Thomas Robert did know that his son very like to go to beach, and tasted it, so he could not reject. Even so, with this action close to the race like that, he would not be happy. So, Mr. Lawrence just invited his second son came close to him. And his first question was… \"How did you feel about the beach?\" He asked in front of Ned's little face. Ned then answered back \"I like the beach. I want to see it more. Maybe one day we shall go again?\" Lucky for the joyful son, but afraid about the fact that Ned would make trouble, so Mr. Lawrence giggled: \"Well done, son. But Neddy Lawrence, remember, you must not do it again, if the people have business. When they're working, do not touch or make trouble, got it?\" Ned nodded \"Yes yes, thank you father.\" The family then got back its home in Langley Dodge, from top to bottom: first was Mr. Lawrence; next in left was Montagu Robert 'Bob', and at right was Thomas Edward 'Ned'; then was William; on the last was little Frank. They walked happily to home, but made a lot of questions about T. E. Lawrence… But with T. E. 'Neddy', his first experience had left a lot of memories. He started tasting the smell of the countryside, and he had something on his mind… His country life. Yes, it was the start of T. E. Lawrence's country life. T. E. Lawrence had known it would come, and he must work so hard. From this, it might explain why T. E. Lawrence loved his life so much, and tried to be nice with the Arabs when he went to Beirut in 1910. It was the first experience that led another awesome experience in T. E.'s life. But… T. E. had something more special that he could not resist. He had to tell Dahoum… ##### June 1914 Ottoman Syria Train… \"Lawrence?\" Dahoum knocked Lawrence's head \"Are you alright? I've heard the beginning of your life.\" Lawrence opened his eyes. He told almost enough, but he did not know that the train would land to the second station in few seconds later. Lawrence recognized that he must wake up, but he still asked Dahoum: \"So… do you wanna more?\" \"I do, Lawrence.\" the Syrian orphan said \"It's good, but what thing was so special to you?\" When Dahoum asked this question, suddenly the train stopped. They would be in Damascus's Second Carchemish Station, so Lawrence and Dahoum had to go. They carried its luggages under their feet, took it, handed up to its shoulders. Lawrence's luggage wasn't much, but Dahoum… was lots. The ticket checker standing close the exit also yelled from the railroad: \"Bu ikinci Karkamış istasyonu var. Tekrar ediyorum, ben ikinci Karkamış istasyonu. Kim gitmez bırakabilirsiniz, diğerleri kalmak gerekir.\" ( This is the second Carchemish station. I repeat, this is second Carchemish station. Who won't go can leave, others must stay. ) \"Oh boy.\" T. E. and Dahoum must get out of this railroad. They had an important job with a partner in here. So they carried their last stuffs and prepared themselves to get out of here. But before they could go, they heard someone quarreling in English. \"I said that I'm waiting for them! DON'T UNDERSTAND?\" \"Not my business, sir!\" \"WHO CARE?\" Lawrence and Dahoum looked outside the window, when the train went slow. And from their eyes, they saw something. Two shadows. One was a man who looked like an Efendi with a round fur hat and an Ottoman uniform; the last was looked like a… dog, a bulldog wore an European jean jackets and long shirts. The bulldog had a gray-yellow face, and from then, T. E. Lawrence realized this dog… \"Spike?\" It was about time… (*) Gorphwysfa: is a house a Welsh style, which simple as one roof, small, few windows, add with a small garden outside. The house was close to the mother nature, and one of them was the place where T. E. Lawrence was born. In this place called Snowdon Road, the house was changed into Lawrence's house . (*) Thomas Robert Tighe Chapman/Thomas Robert Lawrence (1846-1919) was an Anglo-Irish landowner and the last of the Chapman Baronets in Killua Castle in Ireland. He lived under the name T. R. Lawrence due to fell in love with partner Sarah Junner, or best known as Sarah Lawrence, the mother of five sons. One of them, was T. E., later became Lawrence of Arabia.[Chapter 5] This chapter will reveal the history that who was adopted Sherman's ancestor before. But it was no more time for Lawrence and Dahoum. They had to leave the train immediately. So they said goodbye the train, and got out of here. Their mission had completed a half, in the station. Now they walked from the last carriage to meet Spike the Bulldog. He, also another archaeologist in Arabia, had already gone because tension with the Efendi. But that Turkish Efendi did not say sorry any word. \"Fine, you can leave, bulldog! Then I shall add that no animal allow! \" the Efendi showed his middle finger, like insulting Spike. \"What' ever!\" the gray Bulldog repeated by the same one. But when he turned to do that, he suddenly saw Lawrence and Selim Ahmed. He concealed his right hand back, and giggled \"Lawrence! Dahoum! You are here!\" Lawrence and Dahoum both knew that Spike also had the same job, and worked for an archaeologist gentleman best known as Mr. Brighton. Spike had been standing here just for waiting Lawrence and Dahoum for an hour, and the bulldog was so happy to see Lawrence. And he started to hug Lawrence, by walking few steps, like Lawrence… \"Lawrence!\" \"Spike! Are you quarreling to someone?\" Lawrence posed about it. \"Nahh… just had a small trouble with Najib Efendi.\" Spike pointed to Najib, the man looked so handsome, European face, but he did same like… someone else… His face always covered by a black mask, had brown-haired and ran to his neck, and learnt Japanese martial arts from a Japanese friend, a girl named Komoto. But who was Komoto? They shouldn't ask. Najib Efendi learnt English very well. Najib this time came to face Lawrence. \"Hello sir. Is that you are Lawrence?\" \"Yes, I am Lawrence. You maybe Najib Efendi?\" Thomas Edward Lawrence questioned nicely. Najib Efendi then salaamed his body down, and touched his hands to Lawrence's shoulders \"It is an honor to meet you, Mr. Lawrence. Did you have relationship with him?\" Lawrence smiled back \"Actually, we worked in Carchemish to Damascus, and we both have wonderful time in Syria.\" Najib Efendi this time had understood a part, so he spoke calmly to T. E. Lawrence \"If you say so… please leave this place. I will ask my brother for inviting you eat dinner with us someday.\" Seeing his good attitude, Lawrence began to feel weird that why he could argue with Spike. But no more time, Lawrence salaamed back, and said goodbye to Najib. Najib shook Lawrence's hand and also said goodbye. And Lawrence, Spike with Dahoum left this station, to meet a man named Mr. Brighton (*) … ##### Spike this time drove another car. Another cabriolet, again, and this a black-brown Rolls-Royces. This time, Spike drove better then the Arab soldier before. Thomas Edward Lawrence and Selim Ahmed, who sat behind him, felt better about it, and Lawrence also rethought about cabriolets. He believed that nobody would drive so crazy, or too carefully. Besides, Spike had been Lawrence's friend for 2 years since their first meeting in 1912, during the time in Sidon, so he acted like this Lawrence was able to understand. But Dahoum seemed like still remember that question he asked before in the carriage. \"So… Lawrence?\" Selim asked \"What is your greatest moment in the past?\" T. E. Lawrence then opened his eyes, and looked to Dahoum's face. Dahoum's childish face had made Thomas Edward Lawrence touched, and from then, he continued to talk \"If you say so… Dahoum, I think you have to know this. Well, my greatest moment in the past was…\" ##### Summer, 1900 Oxford, Britain In Oxford, Lawrence's new home, some of Lawrence friends: Nigel Brendan, the boy with long yellow-haired and oval face; Jack Theodor Nabus, a half Jewish boy with a fat stomach, a bully; Benjamin Costanople, the shortest in the gang, and loved Halloween, but always grizzled and ignorance; but Lawrence's most special friends was Andrew Leeson, the boy with had same height like Lawrence, red-haired with V style, and also the most intelligent student in the class. They gathered in Lawrence's house door. \"Hey Lawrence! Faster please! We have a lot of job to do. Today is a picnic.\" Benjamin stayed, and kicked Lawrence's house door. \"Just calm down, Ben. We mustn't be angry like that.\" Andrew calmed Benjamin. A picnic. Lawrence, a twelve years old boy, now prepared everything. His 15 year-old brother Montagu sighted at Thomas Edward, when he showed his normal clothes for the picnic. Thomas Edward answered his friends whom angering about his preparation: \"Don't worry! I will be there!\" And Lawrence wore enough. He just sighted back from his mirror, but seemed like Montagu Robert must be hose his face, again \"Aw man, Lawrence, you should not be late like that.\" T. E. Lawrence nodded \"Okay okay, I'll I'll. Guys! I'm done! Now we shall go!\" Then Lawrence carried his luggage and ran into the stair. He ran so fast that no one could see him in this situation. But in outside, something unfunny was happened… \"Hey, what happen? Who drop waters to our heads?\" touched Nigel on his hair \"Water? Where is this come from? Lawrence, is that you?\" \"Uh oh…\" Jack Theodor saw the sky turned dark. So many black clouds that he was not able to count. The Jewish boy then said scarily \"Uh oh… it is gonna RAIN!\" \"WHAT?\" all of them noticed into the sky. But Lawrence this time had appeared, and saw his friends looked so weird. When Lawrence asked why they showed the dark sky. Lawrence… he slowly watched it… Rain… \"Damn it! We just came here for 2 minutes!\" Andrew wanted to ignore but he could not \"Now we must delay the picnic!\" \"God… we must face it all day, Andrew. It's nature.\" Jack told Andrew, while keeping his fat stomach \"Sorry about that.\" \"It's happened always.\" T. E. Lawrence told the same \"So… we have to ask Mother Nature about it.\" \"Mother Nature? Oh please.\" Ben murmured like that \"Do you know why? Because of you.\" \"Forget it, Benji. We should accept this.\" Andrew protected Thomas Edward \"It's always happened like he said, so we must stand with it.\" All of them were not happy, but they agreed. So they took its umbrellas, opened them and delayed it. They got away due to the rain, and Lawrence did not say anything. Mr. T. R. Lawrence later walked out from the small sofa after reading newspaper, close to T. E. He pacified his son… \"It's happened because Mother Nature, son. I knew it.\" \"I'd like to have a picnic, but not like that.\" Lawrence wasn't happy. Mr. Thomas Robert Lawrence, stilled, he said to Thomas Edward something. A whisper… \"So, Lawrence, wanna go outside?\" Lawrence seemed like feeling better about it. He finally nodded for this and brought his umbrella too, and… father-son walking, they came out from the door, told his other son to take care his house until their mother back. And they walked on the street… ##### T. E. Lawrence and his dad walked in entire of his hometown. The rain was heavy that they must go for just only 15 minutes then finally came back home. They had to run, run very fast. The rain would not stop, and only made T. E. Lawrence more difficult. But when they arrived to its own street where the house located, suddenly they heard something… A baby… crying… \"What's that?\" Thomas Robert was shocked. \"Dad… I think it is a… baby.\" Thomas Edward demanded about this sound \"But where is he/she?\" Then, they walked slower and slower, and the voice was close to be heard. It became bigger and larger. \"Now what?\" Thomas Robert concealed his boy in a street corner. Thomas Edward also did it, feared that they would face robber any time. But when they tried to find out where, T. E. had impacted to something… A box… a light brown plastic rectangle box… And in here, a voice was out from here. The baby was in here… \"Dad…\" Thomas Edward Lawrence whispered to his ear. The future Lawrence of Arabia had found it: the baby. Thomas Robert Lawrence crossed back and they recognized the box. The box located near the garbage, so they could not stand for the smell. But what' ever, they found the voice, so they must prove it. Thomas Edward then opened the box. He quietly opened two sides of the box, and he found it… \"Dad, it is the baby we are looking for. It's him!\" \"Really son?\" he waited until Lawrence showed Mr. T. R. about it. This time, Thomas Robert Lawrence stopped searching, and slowly showed his right hand to the baby. The baby had orange eyes, red hair, wore glasses and had a nappy. He was not so heavy like the rain… \"Ahh… a baby. I love a baby.\" \"Dad, will we adopt him?\" Thomas Edward Lawrence thought about it on his mind. Mr. Thomas Robert Lawrence also felt very hard: he had five sons at home, four daughters in his old family, now he would have another son? But still, that was the only way for him. T. E. Lawrence very loved children, and so did he. Then he changed his mind and close his eyes to the baby \"Aww… who leave you behind like this? You are a cute baby, and I won't let you stay in the garbage.\" And they thought about the baby's names… \"Father, I think we need a name.\" – suggested T. E. \"Okay? How about Thomas Edward the second?\" T. R. giggled. \"No, I do not like it.\" T. E. rejected the first one \"How about the others?\" Then they kept thinking, kept thinking… but they did not see more result. Disappointed, Mr. T. R. asked T. E.: \"Do you ever think about a special name?\" \"I think I did suggest a lot, but I did not see special much.\" Lawrence sighed \"Man, our family has a traditional that we must give the baby three names: first, middle and family. How about only first and family names?\" Hearing about it, Mr. T. R. Lawrence had an idea \"Wait, son, did you say two names: first and family?\" T. E. was surprised, but nodded while he was sitting on the ground close these garbage. T. R. Lawrence then acted so crazy like he found the brilliant story \"That's it, son! I've an idea! I will give his name as…\" Clearly, T. E. also tried to hear, but he stilled not have anything, until… \"The boy, he will be named as…\" \"As what?\" Lawrence forced his father \"Hurry up, dad!\" \"Got it! Sherman Lawrence!\" He danced \"I've found it. From now on, the baby will become a part of the Lawrences. Welcome home, Sherman.\" They watched close to the baby, and believed a lot about him. They gave him a home, and brought him to their house. From now on, Sherman had become a member of the family… And it was one of the most beautiful moment in T. E.'s life… ##### June 1914 Carchemish, Ottoman Syria Cabriolet… \"So this was your best moment?\" Dahoum looked Lawrence and almost tears up \"It was so beautiful. I never have a family, Lawrence, I'm just… an orphan. I'm lucky to meet a man like you.\" \"Don't be sad, Dahoum. Everyone must have to face it everyday.\" Lawrence hugged Dahoum, understanding Dahoum's feeling \"Everyone, even us. The baby was also an orphan, but if we have heart, we can do anything.\" But the moment was ended. Spike had stopped his cabriolet \"Alright, we reached the exploring ruins, Lawrence and Dahoum. Mr. Brighton is waiting you inside. I will go with you.\" The cabriolet had reached the place and they stopped every business to meet Mr. Brighton. But it would not take long, because Mr. Brighton had stood in here early. Who was Mr. Brighton? He was a man with a small gray-trapezoid beard, old, looked like 60. He was very tall, and smart, now working with the Arabs to explore the ruins. He had been here, right now… \"Lawrence!\" Mr. Brighton smiled. \"Mr. Brighton! Glad to see you, again!\" T. E. replied nicely \"And I always do it with you.\" Mr. Brighton and Lawrence had a close relationship, and so, they understood each others. Spike was Brighton's servant and partner, like Lawrence's Dahoum. And now, they would prepare their job continue. But also from Mr. Brighton, Lawrence's past continued… Thomas Edward Lawrence… (*) Mr. Brighton (?-?) was an archaeologist from England. He was best known as a counterpart of T. E. Lawrence, and he seemed like older than both Lawrence and Newcombe (Stewart Francis Newcombe, best known as S. F. Newcombe, a military archaeologist in Arabia who worked with Lawrence). He arrived to Syria very soon, but unknown time. He was also the first man to bring Lawrence to Arabia when the Great War still not happened yet. Later, when the war broke out, he also sent Lawrence to Egypt, and later, he advised General Sir Archibald Murray to send Lawrence back to Arabia twice. He helped T. E. Lawrence lots from it, and together, they became brother-in-arms, and finally gathered in Damascus, 1918. In 1962's film, he was portrayed as Mr. Dryden, with a different when Dryden is a French archaeologist.[Chapter 6] P.S.: This chapter has the Powerpuff Girls, Lawrence of Arabia and Tom and Jerry. I don't own all of them. : Professor Ultranium is Utonium. But… it was not time. Lawrence had come to join with Mr. Brighton about his permission to support the explorer team. So, Mr. Brighton had invited Lawrence to meet a special man whom befriended with T. E. Lawrence and Mr. Brighton before. Brighton seemed like did not introduce this person, because he and Lawrence knew him from many years ago, in Oxford. And it was him, the man with black bear, older 10 years than Lawrence, wore a military hat, black-haired and a round face… \"Thomas Edward Lawrence?\" he looked happiness facing Lawrence. \"You! Stewart Francis Newcombe! Why are you here?\" Lawrence recognized this man with full happiness too: S. F. Newcombe (*) , the man who best known as a military archaeologist in Arabia. He, with Leonard Woolley, Gertrude Bell, Roland Storrs and Henry McMahon, had a huge moment in Arabia, especially Ottoman Syria and Iraq. But Stewart Francis Newcombe wasn't alone in here. He had brought a new one whom special. A professor, with white lab-coat, but wore an Arab's hat. He was younger than Newcombe, but might be same age with Lawrence. His face was definitely belongs to the smartest, brainiest and the most activity person. He met Mr. Strauss (**) , a German archaeologist before, same like Lawrence. He also wanted to explore the ruins in Arabia, especially in Carchemish. \"Let me introduce to you: Professor Ultranium. He does love to stay in his room, but I think he also loves to explore Arabia too. He had 3 daughters at home.\" S. F. Newcombe presented with his old voice. T. E. Lawrence then felt excited, went to shake Ultranium's hand despite he hadn't been ready for this \"Ah, so you are a professor Ultranium. My name is Thomas Edward Lawrence, British archaeologist in Arabia. You can call me Ned or T. E.\" \"Oh… in that case… I'm very surprise about you. Thank you Mr. Lawrence for your kindness. I'm professor Ultranium.\" Ultranium just smiled, but he seemed like so worry. Even so, S. F. Newcombe had whispered to his ear, something, might be about Lawrence. Newcombe whispered something? But it definitely must be good, to calm Mr. Ultranium. And just only Newcombe, everything turned back to normal. Dahoum, Lawrence's servant, and Spike, Brighton's servant, invited them go inside the Arab tent. They happily accepted and began talking about the exploration. ##### Meanwhile… A group of Ottoman troops with Arab tribes' assists were going on the Syrian Desert, caring on camels, horses, weaponries and supplies. But only one of them in here was the brightest, bravest and most powerful on the white horse: a Chinese horse, present from Emperor Meiji to Sultan Abdul Hamid in 1908 before, and now it grown up. The boss was that guy: a man with black bear around his mouth, young age, but always mistaken that he was old. He wore a white Thawb, with a black clothes inside and had a white long hat, in our traditional, with gold too. He was Ali's cousin: Feisal of Hashemite (***) family. He was son of Ali bin Hussein, Sharif of Mecca. He followed Sunni Islam, due to his family had a long contact to Mecca, the Holy City where the prophet Mohammed rest in peace. He worked in the Ottoman parliament, and took place as an authority of suppressing the mutiny. And it could explain why he led his forces here: the Arab rebels wanted to separate Arabia out from Ottoman Empire. \"Binbaşı Teğmen, bana rapor: isyancıların bir işaret görüyor musun?\" ( Major Lieutenant, report to me: do you see any sign of the rebels? ) \"Henüz değil, Faysal. Bu sefer aptal olamazlar.\" ( Not yet, Feisal. They won't be stupid this time. ) Feisal's Major Lieutenant reported \"Başarılarından sonra onlar çok dikkatli bir şekilde hazırlamanız gerekir. Yani biz de kol var.\" ( After your successes, they must prepare very carefully. So we have to arm too. ) \"Allahu Akbar!\" Feisal said \"Ve hepsini ezip. Bunun için aptal olmam.\" ( And we shall crush them all. I won't be stupid for this. ) ##### About Lawrence and his team, their mission was trying to find out more evidence that Arabia had an independence history. Mr. Brighton, Lawrence, Newcombe, Ultranium and Spike had gathered inside the Arabic traditional tent. \"So… where will we start today?\" questioned Spike. \"A special meeting here? Nah, we are here, right now.\" giggled Brighton \"Spike, good question. Now I'll bring one thing that can change everything in here.\" Mr. Brighton then took something inside his coat, and he was not so hard to get it out. A paper, old, and light. It was written in Ancient Greek, and had a lot of black ink in here. It wrote that located in here, here, and here. Lots. It was an old map of Carchemish, written under the Umayyad era. \"The map of Umayyad's Carchemish, written by a Greek traveler during his business in Damascus, and done. Unfortunately, he died so soon, according from the skeleton I discovered 4 months ago.\" Mr. Brighton said with sadness. But Thomas Edward Lawrence stilled looking on the map, despite it almost teared down. Then, Lawrence advised an idea \"I think this map is helpful! Keep this map, Mr. Brighton. We shall have more work from it.\" Professor Ultranium, S. F. Newcombe and Spike nodded to support Lawrence. Thinking about it, Mr. Brighton also agreed that Lawrence's advise could be helpful for them, so Mr. Brighton had carefully put it left on the small table, cleaned it and puffed the dusks away. The others took a look and… wow, it was shiny, cleaned and so beautiful. The map of Carchemish, written all the entire of corner, houses, buildings in Umayyad Caliphate, had been renewed. With T. E., it was one of the most special event on his mind. \"Man… I love it.\" But suddenly, someone disturbed Lawrence… \"Hey Lawrence, what is this?\" Lawrence turned off the tent, and saw Selim Ahmed. But surprisingly, Dahoum cried \"What is that thing? Lawrence, can you explain?\" Turned out, Dahoum had touched one of Mr. Brighton's instrument: a thing with two wheels, with robbers too; a seat for the driver and the behind for other one; an iron cheeks with some other useful: a bell, the cheeks control the first wheel; pedals under the seat. Dahoum only looked on, checked it and tried to do something but he really did not know anything about it. So he must ask Lawrence. \"Lawrence… I'm asking…\" T. E. Lawrence realized that Dahoum never knew about it, so he begged permission from Mr. Brighton and the old archaeologist accepted. So Lawrence went out and explained to Dahoum… \"Dahoum, so… you do not know that thing, do you?\" \"Of course. What did you mean?\" Dahoum demanded to know. \"Ah, it's a thing we can drive, no pollution, friendly with environment. It was called bicycle , or shortly bike .\" helped Lawrence. \"What?\" Dahoum still did not understand \"What is that mean?\" \"Bicycle, man. Bicycle, or shortly bike.\" Lawrence did explain to Dahoum, and he also showed to Dahoum too \"Well… if you still don't know, then let me test for you.\" He jumped to the seat, while Dahoum had made a distance, scared for injuring. So Dahoum asked his last question \"Is that okay? Is it dangerous?\" Lawrence laughed and said calmly \"Do not be afraid, Selim Ahmed. I can handle it. But you are right: make a distance from me. If you don't, you maybe injured. But it won't be so bad.\" Dahoum heard about injured had almost turned face green, but with Lawrence, it was normal. So he drove it away, slowly to fast, and reverse… ##### Meanwhile, Feisal and his forces stilled walking on the desert. The Turks and the Arabs with armed weapons had been checking to the local people in here. The first person was being asked that was a woman, wore niqab, and thin, short. \"أن شاء الله. هل تعرف أي شخص يقف وراء التمرد؟\" ( Insha'Allah. Do you know anyone standing behind the mutiny? ) \"آه… أعرف أن هذا. وقد قال أحدهم بعيداً عن بلدي منزل 200 متر عن شيء قريب من حركة التمرد على الحكومة.\" ( Uh… I do know this. Someone far from my home 200 meters had said about something close to the mutiny over the Government. ) \"آه… إذا كنت أقول ذلك، ثم أشكركم على مساعدتكم.\" ( Ah… if you say so, then thank you for your help. ) Feisal thanked the woman and led his troops away by leading his horse first. The woman did look back, and she watched the entire of Turkish troops and the Arab tribes. But she stilled have a job with her family, so she must go away. She did not want to look anymore. With Feisal, Ali's cousin, he had a helpful intelligent from local people, and to suppress to riot now was easy for him… ##### Lawrence drove his bicycle very nice and wonderful. And Dahoum now knew that bike was non-dangerous. So Dahoum also wanna drive the bicycle. \"Hooray! Lawrence, can I drive?\" \"Sure I'll.\" Lawrence promised by thumbed. With this, Dahoum also liked to test with bike, even Dahoum never knew how to drive. But when Lawrence prepared to show his bicycle to Dahoum, someone arrived to him… \"Hello, Mr. Lawrence.\" Lawrence then turned around, and Dahoum, Lawrence recognized: a man with had same height like Lawrence, wore black hats, green uniform of the Ottoman Army. He looked young, and spoke English very well. It was a Bey, Ali Bey. \"Sorry for disturbing you, but Mr. Newcombe wants you to meet me with him.\" Feeling strange, T. E. then gave the bike to Dahoum. Dahoum also felt surprise, but he mustn't talk immediately. So, he just used it and tested himself. About Lawrence, he would meet with Ali Bey (not Sherif Ali), a Bey who charged the ruins in Carchemish, and working on the exploration of the Turkish Government. S. F. Newcombe had a close tie with him, so Lawrence was surprised. \"I never thought about that. Mr. Newcombe?\" \"Yes, Mr. Newcombe. Newcombe and I are friends. I taught him Turkish, he taught me English.\" Ali Bey presented his relations with S. F. Newcombe \"Newcombe said that I should meet you, right? So, now I found you, please come with me. Mr. Newcombe and I want to talk with you too.\" \"Ahh… so Mr. Newcombe invited you to meet me, and represent me?\" Lawrence whispered, and Ali Bey nodded. Under the hot desert of Syria, this meeting could be helpful. Especially Newcombe had a tie with Ali Bey. So T. E. Lawrence and Ali Bey decided to go together, and they would meet at a small gray house near the ruins. After a discussion, they had done. But before they went, Lawrence begged Ali to meet Dahoum and spoke something to the Syrian boy. \"Dahoum?\" \"Yes Lawrence?\" Dahoum tried to drive the bike, but fearful. \"Still feel hard with bicycle, right?\" Lawrence smiled with nothing bad or insulting Dahoum \"Well, you just need to be patience: hold your body, put your left leg to the ground while the right on the right pedal; hold your hands to the cheeks, and then, breezed and drive. Understand?\" But Dahoum did not understand, so T. E. must explain it slower. And finally, the orphan boy had understood, and thanked Lawrence. T. E. also felt that he would not waste more time, so he walked with Ali Bey and gathered inside the small gray house. But sadly, with Dahoum, he fell many times. But he knew what they say: \"Failure is the mother of success.\", so he chose not give up and tried many times… With Mr. Brighton, after Stewart Francis Newcombe was allowed to meet with Ali Bey, now he only had Ultranium and Spike. So Mr. Brighton said to Spike: \"Spike, will you go with me? We are having a job with the exploring team. Invite Mr. Ultranium too.\" \"Yes, Mr. Brighton. Mr. Ultranium, come with me.\" Spike suggested the professor, and professor Ultranium also said yes to him. They walked to outside, and checked the team. With professor Ultranium, it was the first time ever he watched the exploring ruins team working in Carchemish, mostly the Arabs. Professor Ultranium slapped his hands: \"Wow… Mr. Brighton, I think I must have to go to Syria one day.\" ##### With Lawrence and Newcombe, they were inside the house with Ali Bey. In here, it showed the flag of Ottoman Empire, photos of Sultan Mehmed V, Enver Pasha, Talaat Pasha, Djemal Pasha, Gazi Osman Pasha; the painted picture of Suleiman the Magnificent, Mehmed the Conqueror, but the most special was the symbol of the Arabic words in the Turkish flag: Allahu Akbar, and the other was Hagia Sophia, the largest mosque in the Empire. In the ground, a small table was here with four wooden chairs made in Sweden (2) and Russia's Duchy of Finland (2). It was very good and cool for them. Ali Bey then invited them sit down and both accepted. They sat down calm, and looked each others. \"So… Mr. Newcombe, I heard that your business in Arabia is going well.\" Ali Bey admitted \"And Mr. Lawrence must be one of this success?\" \"Haha… very honor, Ali Mabruk Bey. But it's just small than the others, especially the Germans.\" Stewart Francis Newcombe raised hand, and answered fluently. \"Of course. But I love England. And the English people are very kind.\" Ali Bey kept admitting \"So I do think about it everyday: why the Government wants to tie with Germany? I mean, I don't hate Germany, but I cannot be sure for my nation's future.\" \"That's alright, Ali.\" pacified Lawrence \"No nations are bad or worst. If they can help, then accept them, adopt them. Germans are the most hard-working people in the world. I must salaam to them.\" \"I see. Hope for the bright future.\" Ali Bey brought French wine, and dropped to three glass cups, and he took one. Newcombe and Lawrence seized the last, raised in front of either \"For future.\" They cheered enough, and drank to their lips, with laughs… ##### Dahoum finally drove bicycle successfully. He drove for 50, 100, 150 meters. But he didn't feel bored. He felt cool, wonderful even the heat of the sun still threatening them everyday. Mr. Brighton, Spike and Ultranium also saw it too. \"Man, the 17 years old boy…\" Spike slapped his head \"He was close to be an adult now! Can he act more than an adult?\" \"Relax, Spike. With the Arabs, it was new.\" Brighton calmed Spike \"You should agree with this.\" \"Of course. Mother Nature created us, wanna us to face the news everyday, every night. And we must be the first to walk from the changing of the centuries.\" Ultranium seemed like agreed with Brighton too. And they kept looking on their work. The work was happening very well, and moved fast. But Dahoum? Dahoum still enjoyed the bicycle, rode it further, until he drove to 200 meters away… He saw something un-normal… A protest… and quarreling in German… \"Die Bahn hier kann man nicht bauen! Es ist der Ort der Ruinen!\" ( You cannot build the railway right here! It's the place of the ruins! ) \"Wir wurden von den türkischen Behörden nickte. Also lehnen Sie es nicht. Außerdem stören nicht er Ihre Arbeit.\" ( We were nodded by the Turkish authorities. So do not reject it. Besides, it won't disturb your work. ) \"Du lügst! Alle die Lügner ist. Deutsche Lügner!\" ( You lie! All it's the liars. German liars! ) Something bad was happening: the Arab explorers were working had been disturbed by the German architects and engineers. The Germans wanted to build a railway through the desert of Syria to continue the Hejaz Railway (****) project which if succeeded that could connect to Ankara from Damascus. But because it would cross into Carchemish, so the Arabs rejected. So the fight was happening. \"لا أعتقد هذه الألمان. الاحتجاج لهم!\" ( I don't believe these Germans. Protest them! ) They used shovels, hoes to stop the Germans. The Germans repeated by calling Turkish troops to drive them back. A small would become huge. Dahoum was afraid, so he rode away and yelled in Arabic: \"شخص ما هو القتال! لدينا مشكلة!\" ( SOMEONE IS FIGHTING! WE HAVE A TROUBLE! ) He ran very fast, loaned it to every explorers. Mr. Brighton, Spike and Ultranium were checking the ruins shocked too. They stood with the Arabs, but both of them could listen it. Sadly for that, only Mr. Brighton and Spike spoke Arabic, with Mr. Ultranium? No. So Ultranium saw the worrying faces of Brighton and Spike, turned worry too \"What is going on?\" \"Mr. Ultranium…\" Spike said \"We have a trouble.\" Dahoum kept driving to Lawrence, Newcombe and Ali Bey. He yelled in Arabic these words once again, and now, it fled to Lawrence, Newcombe and Ali. They were drinking wine must also stop. \"What the…\" They ran out, and saw Dahoum. Seeing a tired Dahoum, Lawrence ran to him and asked: \"What's going on?\" \"Lawrence… near our place…\" Dahoum answered like losing his soul. \"What? What happens?\" worried Lawrence. \"Near our place… IS HAVING A FIGHT!\" Dahoum cried. Lawrence, Newcombe and Ali Bey were amazed and scared too \"WHAT? A FIGHT? OH NO…\" Trouble in Carchemish… (*) S. F. Newcombe (1878-1956), full name: Stewart Francis Newcombe, best known as In the Shadow of the Crescent , was a Lieutenant Colonel of the British Army, and associate with T. E. Lawrence. He was commissioned in the Royal Engineers in 1898, fought in Second Boer War, and stayed in Egypt over 10 years (1901-1911). He worked in Sinai Peninsula and Syria from 1913-1914 and became friend with T. E. Lawrence. He was one of the first officers to be sent to Arabia during the Great War, but he was captured in 1917 by the Turks in Gaza. Luckily he escaped from the help of his future wife: French nurse Elizabeth Chaki, and hiding in Constantinople until the war ended. He reappeared in Paulet-Newcombe agreement which created Syria, Lebanon, Palestine and Israel like today. He was one of six pallbearers in T. E. Lawrence's funeral, 1935. He died in 1956, one year after his medal was stolen. (**) Mr. Strauss (?-?), another archaeologist in Arabia. He was German, and best known for meeting with Lawrence many times during the exploration of Carchemish, Mesopotamia, Sinai, Transjordan and Palestine. (***) Feisal of Hashemite/Feisal I of Syria and Iraq (1885-1933), full name: Faisal bin Hussein bin Ali al-Hashimi, was the Sultan of Syria (1920) and Iraq (1921-1933) since the independence of these nations after the Ottoman's era. He was son of Hussein bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca born in Mecca, grew up in Constantinople and was elected to the Ottoman parliament, but later betrayed the Ottoman Empire in 1916 and be loyal to the Arab Revolt. He and T. E. Lawrence met in Hamra, October 1916, and became brother-in-arms during the war. Unlike his unsuccessful father, he was the man with big dream and heart. He and Lawrence remet in 1919, in Versailles. Also in this year, he met Chaim Weizmann, the future President of Israel, and signed Faisal-Weizmann agreement in 1920. He did not hate the Jews, but he was afraid that the immigration of Jewish population could destroy Palestine, so he tried to limit it. But in 1920, after he became King of Syria, the French launched an invasion to Syria, and he must run to Iraq, and became King in here. He died in Bern at the age of 48 after meeting with the British Government to ask about Arab-Jewish conflict, and was best known as the patriot of Arabia . In the 1962's film, he was portrayed by Alec Guinness, T. E. Lawrence's fan. (****) Hejaz Railway: a railway was built under the Ottoman era, started from Damascus and ended in Medina, with a branch line to Haifa. It length was 1,300 kilometers. It was one of the most important railways in the Empire, which Hussein bin Ali viewed this was \"a threat to Arabia\". It was built in 1864 with British and French assistants, but started by the Germans in 1900. After the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, the railway was abandoned. The Arabs tried to rebuild it in 1960s, but it was still abandoned due to Six Day War in 1967.[Chapter 7] Today… New York, United States \"So, you have read so far, Kid.\" Tom smiled quickly \"And I do think about that the trouble in Carchemish too.\" \"But it was 1914. In here Lawrence was not had the title Lawrence of Arabia , Thomas.\" Jerry walked on the table, and made annoying to Tom. But Dora-rinho, the Brazilian boy, suggested a better idea \"Okay stop. How about leaving here and go to the cinema?\" Mr. Peabody suddenly remembered that he must bring Sherman and Penelope to the cinema. So he had to go immediately, and Dora-rinho's plan definitely had added for it. \"Hey, I'm honor to meet you guys, Thomas, Jerry, Spike, The Doraemons, but this time, I must go. I've a job with my son and his friend.\" \"Oh… I understand, Mister.\" Doraemon bowed his head in Japanese culture \"I think I will go to a different cinema, to not disturb you.\" \"No no no. Doraemon, I think I can help you. How about arriving with me to the cinema?\" Mr. Peabody had agreed with Rinho's idea, but he did not want to feel only Sherman, Penny. He needed more information about T. E. Lawrence, the man who might be Peabody's adoptive grandfather, but not this time. So watching movie was a good idea. The only problem was what movie, and they had chosen a movie… Captain America: The Winter Soldier. That was fast. \"Watch the new Captain America, okay?\" first was Wang Dora. \"Okay. We are going to choose this film.\" second was Spike. \"And both of us!\" Peabody encouraged them \"Let's make a watch to Captain America II, shall we?\" All of them stood up, took the glass cups, and cheered happily \"For tomorrow.\" And they went out from Peabody's house, with accept… They went by its own vehicles, drove it to the closest cinema. But about Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons, they began feeling cold… Thomas Edward Lawrence and Sherif Ali… Two souls were here, in New York… ##### Cherry Lane Theatre… Sherman, Penny and Peabody gathered to the cinema after Peabody picked them up from the Embassy of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Penny and Sherman stood here just because they had done their job with their own friends: Jill and Abby with Penny; Mason and Carl with Sherman. Before they were in, the couple had spent a time to play with the Ambassador's daughter Lucille Razmanović, a girl who practiced Islam, wore a blue hijab of the women Muslim, as share a same height like Penny and Sherman. Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons, both had spent its time in Bosnia during the Bosnian War, so they knew the Ambassador. But now, turned back inside, they bought so many tickets: 13 tickets, for thirteen people. And they were entering to Cherry Lane Theatre, a Theatre located in 38 Commerce St, NY 10014. With Peabody and Sherman, they should spend a family time. With Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons, they should spend time to clean up the stress. So they got ready themselves, because they would be going to watch Captain America: the Winter Soldier . \"Please raise your tickets, sir.\" the ticket manager proposed them to give her these tickets. Mr. Peabody then gave her the ticket and from then, each one must go slowly to inside. The room was about to be full enough, and luckily, Dora-rinho, the last one, had gone inside. This time the room was going to show the film, and every seats in here were taken by the spectators. Thomas talked to Spike something… \"Well, Bulldog brother, we are lucky.\" \"Hahaha…\" laughed Spike. \"We should celebrate it.\" Tom took his seat and sat down under the seat very fast. He put his vest out of his body, hanged it behind his seat. Behind them were The Doraemons, and they smelt it look… clean. Tom had washed it before at home, before went to Peabody's house and later, the theatre. But The Doraemons did not want to ask why, because, the movie was about to start… The movie started very well, made a lot of tenses for both of spectators in here. From this emotion to other emotion, they were able to understand why it was one of the best movies on this month. But one scene had made all of Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doras… shocked… ##### Captain America ran to the highest floor of the building, when he saw the man… The man wore an armed suit, covered his face. In his shoulders had red stars like the symbol of Soviet Union before. His light yellow hair was flying weak on the floor. Captain America then threw his shield to him, but then, he turned back very fast. Repeating by captured the shield, the Winter Soldier looked to Captain/Steve Rogers. And Rogers was too surprised about it… ##### But from it, Spike suddenly linked to the past… T. E. Lawrence, S. F. Newcombe, Mr. Brighton and else, when they came here, an Effendi had been standing here, in the project during the bad situation in Carchemish. And the Effendi definitely had a same version like the soldier… \"Hey, Kid, gave me the book!\" Spike whispered to Kid, the yellow robot-cat who sat behind him. Kid was watching, and tried to notice about the film, had been disturbed by Spike. \"What?\" Kid replied without fun \"You're disturbing me, so… can you please don't do it again?\" But Spike begged him quietly \"Just give the book the Legend of Arabia to me! I think I could know something behind the film.\" Dora-the-Kid was surprised, but because it was the room where all the people were watching, so he must calm and did nothing for this… Meanwhile, Sherman, Penny and Mr. Peabody shared their places close to the Doras. In here, they (only Sherman and Penny) were sharing also a same emotion: love, hate, fear, and they both watched carefully. They must sit calm, and did it fast. Mr. Peabody had to demand that was a wonderful movie. But with Sherman and Penny, they also shared something, a special moment… Sherman, in one occasion, had surprisingly held Penny's left hand. Penny sat in the right, while Sherman in the left. Sherman also gave Penny a gift from him: a gray, shiny necklace made in Turkey, with the moon symbol. He kept him inside his pocket this beautiful necklace very long to wait his favorite crush. And Penny, while was watching Captain America, also felt warm on her left hand. And Penelope had looked down. She saw it: the necklace. From Sherman with love… and Penny… blushed… But with Dora-med III, Wang Dora, the blush made them disappointed \"If they kiss, everyone will call mad.\" They whispered quietly, nothing else… How about Spike? The bulldog, who had been reading the book, was checking inside. He felt like the Effendi did look like someone in the book which Ali reminded to the story. But he was just reading the opening, so that was not strange much. \"Where is this?\" He kept changing pages, every moment he could. He noticed every word carefully, which it made something change. He moved so fast that he did not feel like somebody was here anymore. In spite of spectators was watching the movie, but Spike still read the book. And finally, he turned to a page… And in here, Ali had written like this: \" Lawrence, Brighton, Newcombe and the Arabs had gone to the ruins where it was taken to build the expanding Hejaz Railway. And in here, they had to face a lot of enemies: one was the German architect Hermann Wolfgang von Krassmann, the man with yellow hair and a weathy body; two was Klaus von Schlapper, a German engineer and builder, who taller than Krassmann and had a wonderful knowledge about railway industry. But one of them was referee of the situation: he wore an armed uniform, covered his face. In his shoulders had the moon symbol and the word Allahu Akbar to show he was a Muslim. His light yellow hair was flying weak on the ground. He wore the black hat on his head too. \" \"Hey, it does look same like the Winter Soldier, except some little change.\" Spike thought it freshly, and continued to read Ali's book: \" But especially, he hadn't been growing up in Arabia or Turkish mainland. He grew up in Zenica, Bosnia, and lived as a Muslim boy in here until the annexation of Bosnia by the Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria in 1908. He was influenced by the winter, and had something mysterious inside. I called him: the Winter Effendi. \" \"The Winter Effendi!?\" Spike thought then looked into the movie Captain America. Now he asked his mind that was the Russo brothers created the Winter Soldier from the Winter Effendi? But Spike thought it wasn't. Even so, the Winter Soldier actions had been attracted to Spike's eyes, and Spike continued to read why he was called the Winter Effendi. Might be that Effendi and the Winter Soldier shared a same history? Who know? And from the book, it started to another historic story…[Chapter 8] T. E. Lawrence, S. F. Newcombe and Ali Bey went out with the exploring team. Mr. Brighton, Spike and Ultranium were there before. They ran with wet, watering in their bodies, and both of them did not waste it anymore. Thomas Edward Lawrence, Stewart Francis Newcombe, and Ali Mabruk Bey, led by Dahoum, had tried to get closer and closer. Without bicycles, they must use all the entire of powers to run. Running and running, it was their work currently. Selim Ahmed had been driving Lawrence's bicycle, so he came here faster than the others (not the facings), while Lawrence, Newcombe, Ali Bey still ran like this. They hadn't felt bored or tired, but not happy. It was a huge trouble. And… \"Hurry, guys! We must be quick!\" Dahoum cried. But he did not hear the repeats from the others. Ali Bey, Lawrence and Newcombe still wasted health with the Arab examiners to go further and further. They spent a lot of health to do this… Running and running. And finally, they reached it. On this desert, running was a hard work. After arrived successfully, Ali Bey, Lawrence, Newcombe and Mr. Brighton, Spike and Ultranium had gathered together. And Dahoum started to explain why he led them here. \"So what's this, Dahoum?\" Spike suspected. \"Here! A trouble! The… Germans! GERMANS! They are here, quarreling with the Arabs!\" answered Dahoum. Dahoum breezed fiercely. \"I know. But I have to come closer.\" T. E. Lawrence said as he got close to the cause of trouble. Mr. Brighton, Spike, Ultranium, Newcombe and Ali Bey had also thought this suspicious, so they also appeared in here. But when they got closer and closer, they realized that it was not simple like they thought. Huge. The main reason was the Arabs quarreling with the Germans about the ruins in Carchemish to the Hejaz Railway. \"Damn it!\" Ali Bey cried \"We cannot get out. I have to say it would like to be a bad day.\" \"Relax, Ali, we will try to negotiate with them.\" Lawrence said, but his face changed to worry a lot. T. E. knew that it was a trouble, but with the appearance of the troops in Carchemish, it definitely a huge problem. But when they didn't know how to do, a man, an Effendi, had been here. He just looked, touching his hands together. He wore an armed uniform, covered his face. In his shoulders had the moon symbol and the word Allahu Akbar to show he was a Muslim. His light yellow hair was flying weak on the ground. He wore the black hat on his head too. He screamed: \"SESSİZ OLUN! SES ÇIKARMA! SANA YARDIM EDECEĞİZ!\" ( QUIET! DON'T MAKE NOISE! I'LL HELP YOU! ) But nobody listened to him. They kept arguing about the Hejaz Railway's expansion. Even Spike, Lawrence, Ultranium, Brighton, Newcombe, Dahoum and Ali were helpless to force this situation. The opposite: German architects, engineers, builders and Ottoman authorities, with soldiers, had been quarreling so many minutes. It was waste of time. And because no one wanted to listen, the Effendi must open fire. He took his pistol: an old anaconda model from Texas, the United States of America, and shot into the sky. \"BLAM!\" It meant \"Quiet!\" And it seemed to be… worked. And no one wanted to do that again. The British archaeologists and explorers; German architects, engineers; Arab examiners; Ottoman authorities, they were silent under that Effendi. Ali Bey suddenly realized this Effendi. \"Mahmud Effendi, the Winter Effendi?\" So that was him, Mahmud Effendi. He did look similar to Najib Efendi. Lawrence even thought it was Najib again, until Ali's mouth examined the truth. Brighton also surprised about that \"Mahmud Effendi?\" \"Yeah, but what did he mean the Winter Effendi ?\" \"Who does know? Maybe he is crazy about winter.\" \"Oh shut up please. He is…\" But Mahmud noticed on them \"No talking, please.\" His quick eyes made all the gang silent, again. So then, they must be quiet. The Effendi went close to the German architect Hermann Wolfgang von Krassmann and the engineer Klaus von Schlapper. Schlapper was a lucky one who could talk both English, Yiddish, French, Latin, Turkish, Italian and Arabic; while Hermann could speak only English, Hebrew, Latin, Turkish. But T. E. Lawrence, he wouldn't so worry, because he spoke English, Irish, French, Welsh, German, Italian, Greek, Latin, Turkish, Hebrew and Arabic. With large language knowledge, T. E. Lawrence had been so confident about it. The only trouble was how could he face with the architect whom very angry and not easily give up. Mahmud Effendi had started seeking something. \"So… we have to ask something: what's going on here?\" The Arabs mostly failed to speak English or German, so this business must be given to the British and the Germans. Hermann gentlemanly started, as his voice same like Mr. Brighton, but like drunk: \"Let me speak: we, with support from the Ottoman authorities, had been granted to build the railway crossing Carchemish. Blessed by God, I swear that this railway will not interrupt to the ruins.\" He showed his proofs: the blue project, written in Ottoman Turkish and German. The next railway would be made close but had a far distance: over 150 meters. The railway would have good steels, the train would be very quiet, and faced the earthquake. The Germans and Turks slapped its hands and humiliated all the opposite, in spite of Ali Bey was standing with Lawrence's team. Lawrence then answered back: \"It's not right. I heard that the Arabs protested that might relate to something: first, it was too close to our business. Despite it wasn't noisy from your, but because it was close to us, and we could hear it. We hate it; second, this was neither a city nor Damascus, it was Syrian Desert; third, you said it would stand even having the earthquake, but it would make an earthquake under the ruins. You should know the underground contact, sir. What's your name?\" Hermann opened his eyes big. He did not feel happy. But because Lawrence did not know his name or he with Lawrence, so he introduced himself. T. E. Lawrence recognized him as Hermann Wolfgang von Krassmann, or shortly Hermann von Krassmann. Lawrence replied his name too, and they just nodded. But didn't forget what was happening to him, he replied to Lawrence: \"Thank you for introducing your name, Thomas Edward Lawrence, but now, I must say your answer was too ridiculous. You do not know how the Japanese could do since the Meiji Restoration? I beg you, Lawrence, you should go to Japan. My friends have been in Japan 4 years in Tokyo, Nagoya, Okinawa and Hiroshima before.\" \"Yes, maybe, Mr. Hermann. But Germany isn't Japan. Why? Because Germany rarely faces the earthquake everyday like Japan. I saw your eyes too: you only believe on money.\" \"Watch your lip, Lawrence.\" \"Oh: I forget that Africa is a place which we can see a lot of sources, right? Germany has own territories in here too: Cameroon, Namibia, Togo, and else.\" \"WHAT? I'VE PROOFS, I\"VE PREPARED FOR IT! TRUST ME, MAHMUD, I'M ALWAYS RIGHT! THE GERMANS SHALL NOT THROW THIS PROMISE!\" Lawrence and Hermann argued a lot. Mahmud Effendi was getting tired with this. Unlike Mahmud, the others watched carefully, and they either asked about the expansion of the Hejaz Railway. \"They seem like don't want to share anything.\" \"What did you mean?\" \"وهذا قد يستغرق وقتاً طويلاً.\" ( This might take so long. ) \"الرجاء لا يقولون ذلك.\" ( Please don't say it. ) \"God damn it!\" \"Das ist seltsam…\" ( That's weird… ) Mahmud Effendi seemed like had lost his patience. He started angry, and finally, he got his pistol from a small bag near his right pocket. He showed it into the sky, and shot: \"BLAM!\" He had shot three times, so all of them had been shocked. These noises had worked: no more annoying sounds. He had made all of them shut its mouths by a XVIII century way, which to close any words if it was too noisy. So, he could control the situation here, and his first words were crying: \"SHUT UP! MR. LAWRENCE, MR. KRASSMANN, QUIET PLEASE!\" T. E. Lawrence and Hermann von Krassmann had stopped. They were afraid of Mahmud. Mahmud Effendi, the Turkish Bosnian Effendi, started posing everyone about the Hejaz's situation. \"So, you speak about the Hejaz Railway, don't you? If yes, then please quiet! Now, I've a question for both of you guys: who is responsible for the expansion of Hejaz Railway?\" Hermann looked so confident and independence. He raised his right hand and demanded \"Yes, I'm the first man who launched the project. But I'll say that this project will not violate to the examining ruins in Carchemish, Damascus. If I violate to you, then I swear God will punish me.\" And Mahmud Effendi was shown the project. Hermann wrote it so well, so brilliant and bright too. It clearly said that the distance was farther than the current: over 300 meters. Hermann also proved that he learned how to build it thanked for his knowledge about earthquake and Japanese style to build a railway from Tokyo to Nagoya before when he was in Japan (but he could not speak Japanese). Mahmud Effendi watched carefully and agreed that Hermann had been preparing very well. But he must ask Lawrence too, so he arrived to T. E. Lawrence: \"Sorry for annoying you, Mr. Lawrence, but I have to ask you: after Hermann said about the railway expansion in Syria, what did you think? Is he violating or not? If you don't, then I'll agree with Hermann.\" It was so hard for Lawrence, but with T. E., the Englishman who spent his life in Arabia, he must defend for them, the Arabs. That was why T. E. must resist back: \"It's not true. Maybe he had been in Japan, maybe he had visited Nagoya, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Osaka, Kyoto, or even in Tokyo, but the Japanese always do it carefully, not just only one mistake. They do know that if they find a small mistake but not fixing, it will like a small rat become a big mouse. I discovered that the railway had made a lot of mistakes: first, it was bad-renewed; second, the railway was too close to the ruins, so it might not destroy the currents, but it would destroy the undergrounds; third, he seemed like very young, like me, but have you checked his profile?\" Suddenly, al the Turkish officers startled. They realized that they didn't check his profile, so they turned to Hermann. It was German, and only few of them, including Lawrence, Brighton, Spike, Newcombe, Mahmud, understood. Mahmud Effendi ordered his men to do this. \"Hermann'ın profil bakar.\" ( Check Hermann's profile for me. ) \"Itaat benim efendi.\" ( Obey, my Effendi. ) \"Ama ama…\" ( But but… ) They started, and their works with Hermann von Krassmann, was checking, finding something from his profile. They took his paper, his permission, and else. They looked everything from Hermann, and Hermann, well… best known as angering over Lawrence: \"You… you make me like this, Lawrence!\" \"Apology, but not my permission.\" Lawrence giggled like humiliating Hermann. Hermann repeated by squint eyes, like said to Lawrence that you would pay for this. They looked on him and found that something: he was a new-graduated architect, but doing the expansion of Hejaz Railway without permission. He was just 24. So, Mahmud Effendi came closer… \"Yani sen bir mimar, ama izin almadan bu demiryolu inşa.\" ( So you're an architect, but building this railway without permission. ) \"Osmanlı yetkilileri… ama onlar kabul ettiler…\" ( But the Ottoman authorities… they've agreed… ) Seeing Hermann's face, Lawrence was sure that he won. Hermann didn't know somehow, except he must give it to the authorities who accepted this. Mahmud Effendi then smiled: \"Yetkililer kabul, belki ama İçerdekiler onayını beklemek zorunda. Keşfetmek takım onlardan biri ve yanlış ise buna karşı. Plan değişecek yetkililere konuşun.\" ( Maybe the authorities accepted, but you have to wait the approval from the insiders. The explore team is one of them, and they will resist it if it is wrong. So, talk to the authorities that we are going to change the plan. ) Hermann felt insulted, but he must say that Mahmud was right. Mahmud Effendi then changed into the explorers, and spoke in English. He spoke fluent, and easy to understand: \"You are correct, Mr. Lawrence. I will say that it is very wonderful. I love Arabia, and I want to keep this culture. Hermann, he is a good German, but he has to learn more about Arabia. So, I declared that the explorers win!\" With this, T. E. Lawrence was considered as one of the heroes in the situation in Carchemish. Newcombe, Ali Bey, Brighton, Spike, Ultranium, they both felt happy for him. But the happiest must be Dahoum, Lawrence's servant. Dahoum didn't wait, he decided to run into Lawrence. His feet seemed like never feel tired at all. \"Lawrence!\" He went very fast. No resting, he hugged to Lawrence. T. E. Lawrence never mentioned about that, but suddenly, he remembered this warm hug… It was belonged to Sherman, when he hugged Thomas Edward Lawrence for saving him and his later girlfriend… but Lawrence had forgotten her name. What was her name… Well, Lawrence, he should not think about it. But Lawrence still gave a smile, and nodded his head \"Thank you, S. A.\" Meanwhile, Hermann and his German friends must be deported to another place, where they could finish the project with permission from German company. And it was done? \"Well… Lawrence, great job.\" Spike thumbed. \"Geez… I'm jealous with you.\" Newcombe must approve it. \"Maybe…\" But before Lawrence could do something, suddenly… Mahmud Effendi had been here. The Effendi, with a cold face, had been standing here for a while. Lawrence did not understand why after he changing back, and… Mahmud Effendi said something to him… \"You're Mr. Lawrence?\" \"Yes, yes I am.\" \"So… will you go to dinner with us?\" Dinner… So it was an invitation from Mahmud Effendi, the Winter Effendi…[Chapter 9] After the conflict, Mahmud Effendi had invited the the gang of T. E. Lawrence come to dinner, tomorrow. The Winter Effendi smiled nicely to their faces. \"I'm apology for my mistake. It's just… due to money, business and else about railway industry.\" \"Really sir?\" T. E. Lawrence was excited \"If you say so, then thank you very much.\" \"You're welcome, sir.\" Mahmud Effendi said with showing full hand, meant goodbye and see you again. Thomas Edward Lawrence, Stewart Francis Newcombe, Mr. Brighton, Spike, Ali Bey, Dahoum, professor Ultranium had agreed its heads while the Arab examiners had left away before. Now, only them in their own business. ##### Meanwhile… \"Allah… buradalar. O hainler, isyancılar.\" ( Allah… they're here. Those traitors, rioters. ) Feisal and his troops had secretly found the place where the rioters located its camp here. It was behind a climbing rock, and under the rock was the enemy camp. \"Buna inanamıyorum! İşe yaradı!\" ( I can't believe it! It worked! ) his officers took pistols \"Lordum, ne yapabiliriz?\" ( What can we do next, my Lord? ) \"Karanlıkta o hainler vururuz.\" ( We will shoot those traitors, in the dark. ) Feisal turned his face behind, confirmed with fearless. The Turks needed to hide so they climbed down and prepared for an assault against their enemy. Ali's cousin seemed like haven't afraid about it. ##### At night… T. E. Lawrence, S. F. Newcombe, Mr. Brighton, Professor Ultranium had seated to their tent. Leaving behind the conflict, they held a great party inside here. Thanked for Lawrence. \"Now, congratulations! Thomas Edward Lawrence, our hero!\" \"Cheer!\" \"How about count on three?\" \"No, it's ridiculous. We aren't Indochinese, Siamese, or Indians.\" \"Come on! I've visited Hanoi when I was a young boy, and I did know their special culture.\" \"Please, Professor, not this time. It's Damascus, not Hanoi.\" \"Oh, he thought Syria was Vietnam.\" \"Actually… Ottoman Syria and French Indochina. Vietnam is one of French Indochina.\" \"Wow…\" \"Just celebrate it!\" \"Hahahahaha…\" They laughed, giggled all night. Meanwhile, Selim Ahmed 'Dahoum' just went with the Arabs outside, under the fire. They spoke about Dahoum's English. They just walked and walked, talked and talked about Dahoum and why Dahoum could speak English and translate it. Dahoum explained that he was hired by Lawrence and then, became Lawrence's trustworthy water boy. The Arabs slapped its hands and they also hoped that Dahoum could teach English to the others. Dahoum, with a friendly actions by touching two fingers to his head and repeat to them, he meant he would teach them one day. They did think about it,… but not for Dahoum. Dahoum arrived to the tent. He had to ask Lawrence about T. E.'s young life immediately, just because he wanted to know something more about Lawrence. He had listened to Lawrence's childhood: from a kid, to adopting Sherman. But it was just a little. So Dahoum must ask, ask, and ask. Unfortunately, Lawrence did not have done with others. Dahoum was disappointed… \"Oh man…\" But still, with the Englishmen, it was traditional, so Dahoum must stay and wait. He couldn't wanna violate against them. ##### Also, in somewhere, Feisal ordered his men, including the Government's troops, the tribes, to prepare for an assault. \"Bugün biz-ecek var gidiş-o hainler bitirmek için. Allah bizi korusun!\" ( Today we will be going to finish those traitors. Allah bless us! ) \"Allahu Ekber!\" ( Allahu Akbar! ) they treated by promise to die with the bless from Allah. So, they got ready, took guns and assaulted the rioters. They divided into two groups: one climbing on the rock, the last moving into the rock and attack them. Feisal's plan was very clever from it. \"Ah… en sonunda…\" ( Ah… at last… ) Then, he finally showed up. Both of the Arab rioters, whom staying here, using weapons here, did not recognize the sound from the Ottomans. The Turks had already taken advantage from it. The first team climbed successfully, without trenches, wires or patrols. The second had received the same. Now, Feisal of Hashemite just only waited the last of the ingredience. \"Zayıf yönlerini… işte. Hadi, çabuk.\" ( Their weakness… is here. Come, come quickly. ) The Turks and loyal tribes were ready… They moved, moved slowly, slower and slower. No rioters heard it, so they turned careless. Realizing this, Feisal cried: \"ALLAHU AKBAR!\" His force started firing. The battle had opened. Both of them, the preparators, had launched first. \"BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!\" The Turks assaulted their enemy. Those Arab fighters had been startled about the attack. They even did not prepare to use weapon, so they suffered a huge casualties. The attack was very dramatic and successful. The Government's troops had driven back all the rioters out from its camp. \"ATEŞ! HEPSİNİ ÖLDÜR!\" ( FIRE! KILL THEM ALL! ) \"Allahu Akbar!\" All of them, even Feisal, might be laughing in front of their enemy. They beat all of them, shot them, burnt the entire of enemy's supplies: weaponry, foods, drinks, and else. They seized their horses, camels, and used bayonets to slaughter the fighters. But Feisal did not stop. \" O hainleri bitirelim! \" ( Finish those traitors! ) He fired to one of them. Then, the leader of those Arab rioters, who was just like Feisal, found that was Feisal. He yelled to cheer his men back to kill Feisal. But before he could take sword, Feisal had immediately pointed to him. \"مرحبا، وسيم.\" ( Hello, handsome. ) He killed him by one bullet. Then, Feisal continued cheering his men. The Turks, with spirit support, had bravely defeated 85% the enemy. Now, these Arab fighters feared about it. They were died, injured, escaping so much. Just like the birds without home. Feisal and his force kept forcing these Arab to death. \"Allah bizi korusun! Hepsini öldürün! Kaçıp izin verme!\" ( Allah bless us! Kill all of them! Don't let them run away! ) \"Allahu Ekber!\" ( Allahu Akbar! ) they just did it, did it and did it. Finally, the conquest was done, and nightfall, hah, it was there… After the fight… So many deaths, motsly from the traitors. The loyalty Arabs and Ottoman troops were able to start their stinkiest job: collecting death bodies. Feisal then checked one of them, and with him, it was very normal. \"Hadi bak… ne de biz var mı? Bir, iki, ve…\" ( Let's see… well, what have we got? One, two, and… ) He counted to three, and he didn't feel hard about it. But after he saw a paper behind him, written in Arabic, he felt weird. \"Bu nedir?\" ( What's this? ) But from this paper, Feisal checked the list, and Feisal… he could not believe on his eyes. The paper in Arabic had had something would change Feisal's life… forever… ##### About Lawrence, he still drank wine with his partners, pen pals, without knowing being drunk. They were just very happy in craziness, and even sang a song… Outside here, Dahoum watched the party. He was never invited to any party on his life, so his mouth was watering. He wasn't hungry or thirsty, but because he wanted a party. He heard in Arabic, but he never knew it how. Now, he knew it, even it was just a little party by the Englishmen in Carchemish. He realized delicious foods, drinks: turkey, fruits, French and Italian wines,… oh it was wonderful. He suggested on his mind to remember it. But… he was having a work about Lawrence's past. So, he must meet Lawrence, just for this, that's all. But seemed like Lawrence wasn't stopping… \"One, two, three, cheer!\" \"Hahahahaha… it's desert. Nobody can hear it.\" \"Cheer! For Lawrence, our hero!\" The party lasted very long. They kept drinking like this until the party ended very late: almost midnight. With an open eye, Lawrence and his pals decided to stop the party. They needed health for the tomorrow dinner with Mahmud Effendi, so they stopped to agree. They then separated into its own tents, leaving Lawrence alone. Thomas Edward Lawrence had nothing to do more in today, but his excitement seemed like never stop. And what about Dahoum? Dahoum didn't fear. As a Syrian Arab boy and Lawrence's best servant, Selim Ahmed must meet him to speak about Lawrence's childhood. He entered to the tent, and began in Arabic: \"وقد متعة لك ما فيه الكفاية، لورانس؟\" ( Have you fun enough, Lawrence? ) \"الذين… من هو هذا؟\" ( Who… who's this? ) T. E. Lawrence sat down, his face blew red, like blushing, but wasn't. Then, Dahoum came to cover Lawrence, help Lawrence to calm, brought Lawrence and slowly left Lawrence lying under the carpet. Lawrence wanted to sleep now, but he couldn't. Instead, he must open his eyes for a while. Before Lawrence's eyes close after a hard working day, Dahoum demanded: \"Lawrence, can you continue your story? This time is about… you and your adopted brother Sherman?\" \"HUH?\" Lawrence eyes suddenly became bright, light and opened. His mind was back, back to his head, to his brain. He never mentioned about Sherman so long, so T. E. Lawrence had to take a look \"Sherman Lawrence?\" His eyes were changing, and had water too. He realized… \"Sherman… Sherman… Sherman…\" He called Sherman. But he was in Ottoman Syria, while Sherman, on his mind, was still in England. So, he had to talk, in words: \"Sherman… well… Dahoum, if you say so… then, my next chapter was…\" Next chapter. So Lawrence remembered something… something… Something very special about T. E.'s life, with Sherman.[Chapter 10] P.S.: : Manus was Mason's past, Flavia was Penny's past. Back to the past… May, 1909 Oxford, Britain In a beautiful day of spring, and this time, the street was ready to serve the people in Oxford. Cars, motorbikes, bicycles,… everything were put in here and lend to the people in Oxford using the street. The sky, it was so blue, but light, peaceful and quiet. Also, in the street, a man, wore white beret, yellow shirt and a grey jeans, whose bicycle was being used by him, driving on the road. Behind his back was a boy with red-haired, wore a white shirt and black pant, sitting calmly and didn't make any noises. They were T. E. Lawrence and Sherman, and they were going to Sherman's school. Lawrence, now was an adult person, needed to bring Sherman so fast before the school started. On the road, Lawrence spoke to Sherman: \"Now, Sherman, listen to me. Remember, it's your last days in the grade three. You shall grow up more and more. I hope that you have ready to make a beautiful ending.\" \"Yes brother!\" Sherman touched his hand on his head \"I won't let you down.\" \"Very good. Remember the first grade?\" \"Yes, brother.\" Sherman did it again \"Do you think that I looked handsome?\" \"Uhh… alright.\" Lawrence felt that Sherman became partly… arrogant, but because he had adopted Sherman nine years ago, so Lawrence also accepted. Besides, Lawrence did know that Sherman was still young, and one day he would understand. The bike was still being driven to Sherman's school, and their time wasn't much longer as they had before. But luckily, on the street, Sherman recognized the way to the school. Its distance just only 15 meters left, so short. \"Lawrence! Lawrence! Stop! I can walk by my own now.\" Sherman seemed very confident about this, but Lawrence laughed \"Hahaha… Shermanus, you should not be arrogant so much. When you were eight, you almost made an accident until you were saved by the half Indian boy Manus. Tell me that you've ready to face it again.\" \"No no no. This time will never be there.\" Sherman still confirmed \"I do think so, Lawrence. Please…\" But it was so… late for Sherman, not because the time, but T. E. had reached the school. Lawrence smiled \"Why did you say this when I got only 50 seconds to reach your school?\" Now, Sherman's face blurred, like very shame for this. Thomas Edward Lawrence did not notice, just to make Sherman feel better. And then, the bicycle stopped. ##### Sherman's school… T. E. Lawrence and Sherman finally stopped in front of the school gate. The gate was still open to the pupils come across the school. It wasn't so large, but full enough to have over 2000-2500 people in here. Lawrence had driven Sherman to the school one year ago, so he knew it like touching a finger. Now, the school did not change much: an European school style: a gate, a flag of Britain which flying on the roof. Outside had a stage, a garden and a playground for the students. Lawrence did smile… and pointed 10 to them: \"Finally… it's still like one year ago.\" Then, Lawrence posed Sherman: \"Are you ready for this, Sherman?\" \"I've got ready.\" it was Sherman's answer. Sherman would not like to be late, so he went immediately. But surprisingly, Lawrence shouted: \"Hang on! You'd to carry this!\" ##### Meanwhile, a girl, from a rich family, who was walking with two friends: Kim and Dorothy. Kimmie, the taller with long black-haired; Dorothy, the fat girl with black short hair, they both made a talk with the girl with yellow-haired, long, beautiful with blue eyes. \"Hey, do you have anything new?\" \"Yeah yeah!\" But she just made a sign: showing hand: \"Calm down, sisters. We are going to have new right now.\" But suddenly, the girl, she saw a boy with a young man. The man, yellow-haired, oval face, blue eyes, stood in front of a boy with red hair, orange eyes. She felt something very funny from the short boy, whom the taller man talking to. She started feeling something… \"Hey, guys, I think you should go first. I'll check out the boy.\" \"What boy?\" Kim questioned \"Who?\" \"There!\" the yellow-haired girl pointed the boy \"I think I wanna something from him.\" The girls then looked to the boy and felt strange for her, but they did know that they couldn't mess with her, so they went to the class first. Meanwhile, she made a look for the boy… Sherman… ##### \"Sherman, listen to me! Take this.\" Lawrence gave Sherman a whistle \"If you were in trouble, I'll come.\" \"Really?\" Sherman felt so happy \"If you say so…\" He then touched the whistle. It was the silver whistle which was made in India, and finished in Switzerland. Lawrence noticed to Sherman: \"Haahh… it's not just a normal whistle. Don't underestimate her.\" \"So what could it do?\" \"Here: when you whistle, the entire of area will 'kaboom'!\" acted Lawrence \"That's mean you can receive help from the God.\" \"Uhh…\" Sherman actually did not allow to understand it \"What is that all about?\" \"ARGH!\" Lawrence wanna smash his head because Sherman looked stupider than he thought \"That meant when you whistle no one can attack you, understand?\" Then, Sherman asked himself for a while, and finally he gave another question: \"That's all? Can you explain deeper?\" This made T. E. felt dissatisfied, but this time only had one minute left, so he decided: \"Sherman Lawrence, I – Thomas Edward Lawrence – cannot understand what is happening to you, Sherman, but you're close to be an idiot! Now enter to the gate and use it when someone attacks you!\" The anger of Lawrence seemed like not easily dissolved about this. Sherman was shocked after this, but due to the time, he just bowed his head, and whispered sadly: \"I… I know, Telarry.\" Sherman then entered to the school with a sad face, while the girl who watched them just said nothing. She believed that the boy looked so idiot, so she just laughed on her mind. Meanwhile, T. E. Lawrence just stood in here and shook his head for a while… \"Damn…\" But when he got ready to go, suddenly, he realized that Sherman had misspelled his name, so he opened his blind eyes, and screamed into the sky: \"SSSSSSHHHHHHHEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!\" Poor T. E. Lawrence and Sherman too. But when Lawrence wasn't seem very happy today, an old man, with white beard, grey haired, belonged to the older, came to T. E. It was definitely him, he wore a blue vest and blue jeans, and his face was very familiar to Lawrence. Oh, what was so familiar for Lawrence, didn't he? This feeling… Lawrence always mentioned about this: when he was in danger, he came; when he was in trouble or problem, he protected; when he needed help, he always came;… Summary, he was Lawrence's best friend in spite of ages. \"Lawrence, are you alright?\" \"Mr. Brighton, my teacher?\" Lawrence could recognize this voice, this face \"Mr. Brighton! I thought you wouldn't have any business here.\" \"Hahahahaha… you're wrong, Thomas Edward Lawrence. I have friends in this school too. I heard that you have trouble with your little brother, don't you?\" Mr. Brighton pacified T. E. Lawrence by a nice, beautiful, or might be sweet voice \"Everyone has their childhood, Lawrence. They did not understand so far like you, an adult. I know you weren't so happy, but one day, you will understand why the children were determined to have a wonderful childhood, like you. Everybody has a childhood part on its blood, and it shall always live inside them for entire of its life.\" These words, from Lawrence's teacher, had ingrained to T. E. Lawrence. He did realize the truth that everyone had its childhood so he could not reject it. Now, when he was still losing his mind, suddenly Mr. Brighton gave him a brilliant idea: \"Do you wanna eat sushi?\" \"Sushi?\" Lawrence then imagined the Japanese food \"Sushi. But… I do not know that we shall eat sushi in Oxford.\" \"Eating sushi in Oxford is no longer become our problem. Three days ago a Japanese restaurant was opened in Oxford. You would not reject it, right?\" \"Oh…\" Lawrence asked his mind \"In that case…\" \"Come on, Lawrence. It's fun. How about this: eat sushi at noon, done?\" Mr. Brighton convinced Lawrence with his strong shoulders \"Since the Meiji Restoration, Japan had grown up to become a superpower and the only Asian superpower in the world, remember? Japan had crushed the Qing Empire of Miss Idiot Cixi in 1895 and later had finished Russia's golden era in the conflict ten years later. If you don't go mean you don't respect Japanese ya! Go with me, Lawrence.\" From these words and Brighton's talents, Lawrence seemed like couldn't deny it: \"So… if you say so… then, let's do it in this noon. About morning, we should walk to the park. The South Park, can we agree?\" Then, Mr. Brighton only gave a smile, but Lawrence understood the meaning: yes. So Lawrence and Brighton could go now. They took its bicycles and went to the South Park… ##### South Park… Oxford's South Park today looked more people than they thought. In here, they might spend time reading books; someone used to practice health; someone wanted to relax in here; and more… but with Lawrence and Brighton, they could feel the happy and peace around the park. Thomas Edward Lawrence suddenly asked his teacher: \"Teacher, can we drive bicycles here?\" \"Don't call me teacher, Lawrence. Call me Mr. Brighton. By a way, I accept. Drive it for fun, okay?\" the approval from Mr. Brighton definitely made Lawrence smile. So they got it bikes, again, and made a ride through the park. They crossed through the trees. They could see the beautiful steppe in every place inside the park. The park looked green, and they could see the birds from the entire of area. The sound, from the wind, it was clean, much better than London. They wanna stay more, but they must go other side to hear the voice of nature. The sound of nature, wow… it was so wonderful, like wonderland. Lawrence and Brighton would spend all day all night to talk, telling any story or any job if they could. But today, the park presented a special present… A steel bird: the bird which made from two giant pieces of steel; between them a propeller was working; two sides of the propeller were the holding steels to two pieces. Under the piece under the propeller were two scotches; and behind the propeller was its body. In here, a man sat down and driving away. \"Ahh…\" Mr. Brighton showed to Lawrence \"It is plane, the first model in the world. Since the success of the Wright brothers in 1903 about creating an object to fly on the sky, the world had come to a brand new era.\" \"You definitely read newspapers much longer than me.\" Lawrence said to Brighton \"Well… Mr. Brighton, I do suggest that one day I could work as a pilot.\" \"Well… since you said that, I will support you in some occasion.\" Mr. Brighton told to Lawrence \"You've to be fast, Lawrence.\" And suddenly, Mr. Brighton turned the walking into the racing. He made full of speed and passed through Lawrence's eye. \" Hahahahaha… it's fun! \" \"Not today, my teacher!\" Lawrence didn't show to be a loser. He chose full speed and chased Mr. Brighton. Mr. Brighton also challenged Lawrence, and it had become Master vs. Student . The racing battle had begun. They didn't show to be losers, so they ran so far, so fierce and so heroic. They challenged, they moved, they jumped to the top of the world. Then, Lawrence shouted: \"I'M PASSING THE HIMALAYA!\" \"AND I'M STANDING IN LA PAZ!\" Mr. Brighton repeated. \"ON THE ROOF OF MACCHU PICCHU!\" Lawrence yelled. \"WATCHING THE WORLD FROM POTALA PALACE!\" Mr. Brighton kept crying bravely. \"IS THAT ALL MR. BRIGHTON?\" this time Lawrence wanted to challenge his teacher \"I WANT TO SEE YOU OUTSIDE TIBET!\" \"OKAY! NOW I'M SKATING IN SIBERIA!\" \"I'M DANCING IN SCANDINAVIA!\" \"CROSSING THE ANDES!\" \"AND PASSING THE ALPS!\" \"FACING DANGER IN AMAZON!\" \"GOING TO KILL THE ZULUS!\" \"HAHAHAHA…\" Their words made noise in entire of the park, but just for fun. They needed something happy to do until the end of morning. It was 11:30, and they felt hungry now… ##### 11:30 South Park… \"Hahaha… alright, it's fun.\" Mr. Brighton punched Lawrence's left arm \"Well, we have to do this more.\" \"Thank you Mr. Brighton, but in my opinion, we have to do this in afternoon. We don't want to be hungry, do you?\" confirmed Lawrence. \"Well, like I said: remember this morning at the school?\" \"I'm going to do.\" They went out from the South Park, and drove carefully but peacefully to the Japanese restaurant… ##### 11:45 Oxford, Britain Their riding lasted fifteen minutes to reach the Japanese restaurant which was opened three days before. Mr. Brighton technically called its success in England would be a brand new era instead the stupid Qing era. Lawrence didn't have opinion, but he did know that Mr. Brighton had a large aversion to China and Chinese people, especially the Chinese Dynasties and Chinese history which he called \" the greatest jokes and lies in entire of the world \". Brighton hated Empress Dowager Cixi, Zheng He, the Chinese influences and the invasion blood of the Han Chinese. He believed that China should be destroyed, or better, was separated to East Turkestan, Tibet, Greater Mongolia, Hui state, Manchuria and the last of mainland China. He also rejected the history that China was \" the founder of Mayan Empire \" and he called Zheng He as \" one of the first liars in the history \", and else… That might help Lawrence understand something from him. But… thanked God, it was a Japanese. If that had been Chinese, he would have called for an attack of Chinese interests in England. \"Honichiwa!\" a Japanese man, who touched its hands, and bowed his head, spoke \"Welcome to our restaurant, sir.\" The way of this Japanese catering kitchen made Mr. Brighton so proud about the Japanese. Lawrence didn't say anything except walking with Mr. Brighton. These Japanese fluent English, so they could handle this work. Now, they chose a seat, and sat down under the chair. In here, Lawrence seemed confusing about the action of Mr. Brighton about his Sinophobia. So he must have to ask the reason why Mr. Brighton could be an anti-Chinese. They sat down, waiting the foods and started. \"Mr. Brighton… can I ask you something?\" \"Yes?\" Mr. Brighton smiled. \"Okay. Why have you got the Sinophobia blood?\" \"Ahh… you wanna know why I'm an anti-Chinese? Well, let me talk to you.\" Mr. Brighton was not afraid when facing Lawrence's question \"Let me explain: why I'm a Sinophobia? It's simple: first, China in the big nation with poisoned rulers who believed that China is the Center of the world, and others are barbarians. The Russians didn't have an idea like this, even they're the biggest nation. But the Chinese, they never learnt a lesson; second, they lied history: in the Han Gaozu era, the Han Dynasty started lying the world by self-declared as the first people to found America. But my friend, who was in Tibet, had declared that there's no evidence to believe that China found America, due to the Tibetan Emperor Songtsän Gampo historic evidence, but not necessary to say now; third, they were raised to build an empire which they called themselves as liberators, and they forced the others to learn Chinese. I don't know more, but that's the main reason for my Sinophobia.\" \"But… how did you know?\" \"Lawrence, you know this: Empress Dowager Cixi had died one year ago, and both of us knew that her death wasn't special to have a thing to remember.\" \"Empress Dowager Cixi?\" \"The stupidest person in the world. But luckily, because of her, China shall not have a chance to become an empire anymore.\" \"The Qing throne? Well… I don't know much about the Qing Dynasty's throne. The only emperors I knew were the Kangxi and Qianlong. Now, I'm focusing on Arabia and Turkey. I'll have a mission in here, as an archaeologist.\" \"Don't be so stress, Lawrence. I'm going to Arabia too. Just… I've spent my life in China, from Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Nanjing and Hong Kong.\" \"Ohh…\" \"Now I do think about the Turkish history.\" \"Alright, alright, I see. Now do you have anything to show that China lied the world?\" \"Here.\" Mr. Brighton gave to Lawrence evidence. Then, Lawrence seized the evidence and watched the entire of them. Through Lawrence's face, it was just normal, but when he saw these words, he would be shocked… Said abi' ibn Waqqas, Muhammad's uncle… \"Said abi' ibn Waqqas!\" Lawrence thought on his brain. But he didn't tell right now, instead he kept this on his mind. The evidence was a photo, which taken in Lhasa after the British occupation of Tibet in 1904. Brighton's friend, a cavalry Major General, had passed the Himalaya and defeated the Chinese resistances, thanked for the Tibetans. After this, before the British left Tibet, he founded a big evidence which showed the truth of Chinese history under the statue of Songtsän Gampo. It was written… in Arabic… Allahu Akbar… \"Okay okay. So… Songtsän Gampo had met Said?\" Lawrence turned strange \"But how? How could the Emperor of Tibet…\" \"I was asking my friend. But the Qing Government did not allow anyone.\" Mr. Brighton made angered by smashing the table \"Damn it! The Qing feared that China was lying! That's why they tried to interrupt this.\" But the people in here were eating had been startled about Brighton. They looked to the old professor after the smashing. Well… \"Oh… no no no, please enjoy your lunch. We're just talking about our school's business.\" Lawrence had to convince them to stop looking to Mr. Brighton. Mr. Brighton almost had an embarrassing moment in front of the people, but finally, thank you Lawrence, nobody wanted to ask anymore. And then, the Japanese servant came to their table. The foods had done. \"Honichiwa, again. Sirs, please enjoy the lunch.\" It was sushi, a traditional cuisine of Japan. Lawrence felt surprise about this, but he did not question himself. Mr. Brighton, who encouraged him before, had been eating sushi. Lawrence also ate too, and might be, they would eat, for the later speak after the story of Songtsän Gampo and the real Chinese history. They ate Japanese foods, drank water, and they returned to business after finish its work for one hour… But before they returned back, Lawrence had warned that did not say anything about the evidence until they left the restaurant… ##### 14:30 Oxford, Britain \"Well… Lawrence, you must stand to tell the truth. Because of lying, the Qing Dynasty is about to fall.\" \"Of course. I do think that Said might've realized something darkness inside China.\" \"Exactly. So after he built Huaisheng Mosque in Guangzhou, China, he must go away, because the Tang troops did hear that he found something behind China's story, and tried to murder him. So he left by sea and back to Arabia safety.\" \"Oh… Well, you know what? I shall go to Arabia after this year.\" \"Hahaha… you must get something in here, okay? I believed that Arabia had been keeping a huge secret that it could destroy China. I don't hate Han Chinese but sadly they never change.\" \"Haha… maybe…\" Mr. Brighton and Lawrence said about their works in the future, especially in Arabia, when they were contacting to Constantinople. After the coup' etat that overthrown the reign of Sultan Abdul Hamid II and replaced by Sultan Mehmed V and the three Pashas, their works in Arabia might be harder, due to the close relationship between Germany, Britain's rival, and the Young Turks. But as future archaeologists, they must get tickets to Turkey, by anyway. So they came back to the South Park and relaxed here… Their first work when they came back: sleeping. ##### 16:35 South Park… Lawrence and Mr. Brighton had been sleeping under the taiga for over one hour. They slept so dreamy and nicely under the taiga, while the sun was not too hot. \"Moah moah moah moah moah…\" And they still slept. But when they were sleeping, suddenly they faced someone in front of its faces. It was the principal of Sherman's school… \"Mr. Lawrence?\" he called his name \"Are you Mr. Lawrence?\" \"Yes.\" Lawrence opened his eyes slowly \"What happened?\" \"You will go with me. Your brother will never have a place in this school, forever!\" the principal confirmed in angry \"He bit an innocent girl in the lunchtime.\" Lawrence just smiled: \"Is that so…\" then when he tried to get back his dream, suddenly he jumped up: \"WHAT? SHERMAN BIT A GIRL?\" The principal nodded, then threw Sherman to T. E. Thomas Edward Lawrence couldn't believe on his eyes, and when the principal threw the contract, Lawrence then shocked: Sherman had been suspended forever… \"NO… NO… NO… NNNNNOOOOOOOOOO…! \" Then Lawrence stood up. He was in a bad dream. His face seemed like losing the confidence before. Right later, Mr. Brighton woke up, saw the face of Thomas Edward Lawrence, he asked: \"What did happen to you?\" \"I… I…\" Lawrence tried to calm down \"Just… just a nightmare. But it was not so serious, Mr. Brighton.\" \"Oh…\" Mr. Brighton then nodded, but kept suspicious on Lawrence. Mr. Brighton did believe that something bad was come to Lawrence before. As Lawrence's teacher, he knew a lot from Lawrence, but he didn't make a speech now: \"Alright, Lawrence, let's head back to the primary school. You have a brother, right?\" Lawrence also agreed, they went out by bicycles, came to Sherman's school. But something bad had come. When they went away, no one of two spoke, told, said or did play… ##### Sherman's school… When they headed back to Sherman's school, suddenly, the pupils began talking about something. Their faces turned death, quiet, afraid, and scary. Mr. Brighton was right: Lawrence was facing… a real nightmare. \"Oh my Gosh…\" \"Calm down, Mr. Brighton. I think there is something not fine.\" Lawrence then threw the bike to the ground, and ran crazily to the school. Mr. Brighton was able to stop him, but Lawrence's acts were too fast that he couldn't have enough time to prevent him. Mr. Brighton just carried his bike, and watched something. Then, he came to ask a student, a boy. \"Hey you! Come here!\" The fat boy came to Mr. Brighton \"Yes sir?\" Mr. Brighton gave a laugh: \"Don't worry, I'm not going to murder you. Tell me what just happened today?\" The boy seemed so surprise, but because Brighton was older, so he told the story, quietly. Mr. Brighton after heard this, he turned to stone, losing confidence too. His eyes came dark, as he hadn't wanted to believe this… \"Impossible…\" ##### Meanwhile, Lawrence ran to the principal room. He was contacting his dream to the real life: \"I cannot believe this: everything like the dream. The principal will punish Sherman forever. And I must bring him to another school. No, it would not be…\" And when he opened the room, the principal had already invited Lawrence's family. But Mr. Thomas Robert did not come, so Thomas Edward must replace his dad. The principal's face seemed like very sad, poor and pain… \"You are Mr. Thomas Robert Lawrence?\" \"No, I'm his son, Thomas Edward Lawrence. I am Sherman's brother. What happened today?\" \"Well… sit with me. I've something to say.\" The principal invited Lawrence to sit and they talked about Sherman: \"Mr. T. E. Lawrence, I've to say… but you must have to look.\" He also brought the photo of a girl, who was a pupil like Sherman. First, Lawrence did not see something strange, until he saw the second photo. T. E. Lawrence was shocked. He did not trust his heart anymore: a bite, over 5 meters, made blood over her hand, like a wolf. She, in these photos was mentioned as a yellow long-haired, and a rich-spoiled girl, with a beautiful face, being injured and the medics must heal for her. Thomas Edward Lawrence, he wanna punch his face. \"Why… WHY? You'll punish Sherman forever, won't you?\" But the principal did explain: \"Yes, I'll, but not forever, sir. Besides, he is human, and so do you. I just… just too shock to hear that a female student was almost killed by a male student.\" Now, Lawrence felt ashamed. Too ridiculous, too dirty,… what else? Why? Why could this happen to Lawrence? T. E. Lawrence did not want to ask anymore, instead, he asked the girl. \"So… what's her name, principal?\" \"Her name… is…\" the principal wanted to say, but looking Lawrence's painful face, he must think a lot: talk, or not talk? Then what would he choose? It attracted his mind. But he didn't allow him to defend a student like this, so he said: \"Her name is Flavia Penelope 'Penny' Peterson, or shortly Flavia Peterson.\" And now, Thomas Edward Lawrence was fallen… Sorry for being late, but after I heard the new of the Haiyang 981 was held in the Vietnam Sea in May 1 st by the Chinese invaders, I could not accept this. Demonstrations, protests of the Vietnamese in entire of the world over the Chinese invasion to Vietnam Sea made me wanna join the conflict against the Imperial China. But I didn't know how to do… Then, one day, I heard from a Lebanese friend that he knew the situation in South China Sea was predicted from Thomas Edward 'T. E.' Lawrence, a.k.a Lawrence of Arabia. In a secret file, he said that Lawrence had told something about Chinese invasion in 1928, which he called T. E. Lawrence's lost secret files : \" When the Red Beijing consoled China, they shall have blood in entire of Tibet, expelling the Tibetan Holiness, and because of expansionism, China when opens to the world will be the most dangerous nation in the world, far than Russia, far than Britain and France, and even far more than Communist, Nazi and Japan. They shall invade the South Sea, and from then they are going to invade the world. China's expansions through not just in Asia, but also in Arabia, Europe, Africa and the world. But I believed that because of expansionism, China shall be destroyed.\" He said that when Lawrence's asked for America's help, Lawrence said: \" The United States had betrayed Syria (of Emir Feisal), so you think they could not do it with Tibet or even their allies? Soon, America will be impoverished because of their invasions to Arabia and North Africa. They have to suffer a Pearl Harbor, or even bombings over the new city, then they will understand.\" By how to stop the Chinese invasion without war, Lawrence said: \" The only way to stop the Chinese invasion, that when they bring the giant rig, we must suspend the Dragon immediately, using the military to destroy it. But remember, to do this, Washington must stay away to Kiev, and let Brussels and Moscow finish themselves. If Washington involved to Kiev, the chance to stop Chinese invasion will never appear anymore, except for an international war.\" I still remember that Lawrence had predicted something about the September 11 th disaster in 1920, after French invasion to Syria: \" Because the United States had supported the French invasion, the United States will be the first to suffer the angry from the Muslims. They will attack the new city, and because of them, America shall be impoverished.\" I did not be sure, but this time, I believed that, Lawrence was a forgotten prophet. But that was meant the current White House leaders… are nothing to compare with a British Colonel… And now, T. E. Lawrence is right, or even… was correct.[Chapter 11] P.S: : Miss Willbird is Miss Grunion's past; Jenny Peterson, Fabio Peterson are Patty and Paul's past. This situation made T. E. Lawrence shocked all. The principal, who Lawrence'd given hope, must continue its talking. And Mr. Principal must call his butler, an ex-sergeant served in the Mahdist War and Boxer Rebellion, Alfred, an old man with white beard, now working as a butler and teacher of Sherman's school, to use wine. He brought a Vladikavkaz vodka to Lawrence. But Thomas Edward Lawrence had to lose over 1 minute to calm down… \"Are you alright, Mr. Lawrence?\" Lawrence finally showed his confident. He took the cup of wine and drank the vodka which Alfred had already decanted. The Principal continued his talking right now. \"I've to say: too shock, Mr. Thomas Edward Lawrence. Too shock. I cannot believe…\" \"Thank you… Mr. Principal… I-I… I could never think…\" But when they were talking, suddenly a fat woman came. She, a daughter of the manager of the orphans, now wore like a gentleman, had short black hair, and an unlikely face, walking toward T. E. Lawrence. She smiled, like she had a chance to do something humiliating over Lawrence. \"Hello, handsome boy.\" Her voice had a smell of the arrogant. But she was a daughter of the orphan's manager, so the Principal was helpless. Instead, he must leave this to her: \"Ms… Ms… Miss Willbird?\" \"It's me, Ms. Willbird. Today, after hearing a story called boy bit girl, I never expected about that, but it's unacceptable! This time, I must ask about your brother, Sherman.\" She even did not tell 'Lawrence'. With Lawrence, he also faced the similar situation. His brother, the youngest, would be suspended from school for a day, but what could he do? He wasn't able to do. His weakness showed up… \"Ms. Willbird,… just… give me a chance, please.\" She showed entire of her hand, meant rejected. She denied Lawrence's wish, and then, she came to Lawrence's chair, and started speaking horribly words… \"Your brother, Sherman, isn't he?\" \"Yeah…\" \"I'll tell you something, Thomas Edward Lawrence. Oh, I still knew that I'd met you when you were a five years old boy. Thomas Edward Lawrence, listen: your brother, the youngest and also a smart boy, Sherman Lawrence, had bit a girl, Penny Peterson (Penny is her nickname). The Petersons, one of the richest families in Oxford, have its resident in New York, the United States of America, had been prosecuting your family about the attack to the city's court. They will judge it few days later. Have fun?\" \"Yeah… it's… fun… I guess…\" Lawrence was so scared. He was failed to protect Sherman now: \"You… but by how? How could he…\" \"You need to watch your family again, Lawrence. You're human, not dog, but his action definitely belonged to the dogs. And so be it, we must bring him tomorrow.\" \"So soon?\" \"Hah… yeah.\" Ms. Willbird's evil face was laughing over T. E. Lawrence. Meanwhile, a man, running outside, had been smashing his feet under the ground. He had found it all, and came to the principal's room. He looked old, and he just whispered some words he believed that he saw someone… \"You, Madame Willbird, you won't have a chance, you fucking liar!\" The sounds became bigger and bigger. Ms. Willbird meanwhile stilled talking to Lawrence, but it was not a talk anymore. It was like slapping Lawrence. T. E. Lawrence, he was weak, and countless to anyone, even the Principal also did not support him. Thomas Edward Lawrence, he was alone… \"You've failed, T. E. Lawrence, and so do your dad.\" Lawrence's heart seemed to be broken just only few minutes later when Ms. Willbird salaamed and went to the door. But then, a man opened with a big noise, angry face. He had been here: \"MISS WILLBIRD YOU BASTARD!\" \"MR. BRIGHTON!?\" Ms. Willbird was too surprised: \"How… HOW COULD YOU GET THERE?\" \"Not your business, Ms. Willbird. Your only work to do when facing these situations is to ruining every family who has children!\" Now, the Principal was too amazed: two people would fight in his office. He pleased by touching hands in front of his face: \"Please… don't fight here. I don't like this… forgive to me and my office…\" But only T. E. Lawrence listened to him, by came toward and translated for the principal: \"The principal does not want a fighting here. Please go out for him.\" But Mr. Brighton protected for his actions: \"Don't be fooled, Lawrence. This woman is dangerous. I'm going to tell this to the principal that she's not a manager, she is just a kidnapper! It's the truth!\" Ms. Willbird then replied: \"Shut up, Brighton! You do not know that I'm defending for Lawrence? Besides, he had over 4 brothers too!\" \"That's not right! You're still a kidnapper. I swear it to the Lord about it!\" \"Shut up Mr. Bitch!\" \"Oh yeah?! Then bring your under pant here stupid!\" They would have a fight, and it was not false. Mr. Brighton and Ms. Willbird wanted to finish it here, right here. But when T. E. Lawrence still tried to convince them with no results, suddenly the Principal cried: \"SSSTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP! SSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP! \" His yell was huge. Within 3 people here, they must shut its mouths \"THERE'S NOTHING TO DO, HUH? Please, I do not like fighting. It shame and helpless. I will say that I just suspended Sherman for a day, not a week or a year! If Lawrence proves that the boy was innocent, Sherman will return to school, okay?\" Recognizing this was a great chance to fix it, Lawrence then stopped. His moves, despite it were slow, but enough to let him understand: \"Only a day? If I can prove it?\" Ms. Willbird turned to angry while Mr. Brighton, Lawrence's teacher, smiled like supporting Lawrence. With this power, Lawrence had enough confident to prepare for it. He then walked to the principal, and thanked him for this: \"It's my honor to meet you, Mr. Principal. I will not let you down, I promise.\" The principal was not prepared to thank Lawrence, but still, he felt better. Before that, he was same like Lawrence: weak and helpless. But now, he had released himself, so Lawrence must thank about the principal a lot. He'd given to him a new power, a new chance to change everything from this bad situation. About Ms. Willbird, she came to the principal with an anger face. She wouldn't accept that Sherman was able to be good. Then, she yelled: \"It's stupid! How can a dog be…\" She even insulted Sherman like a dog, but the principal hadn't repeated. Instead, he walked to Lawrence, with hope about restoring honor for Sherman. He watched T. E.'s eyes, and he believed that Lawrence was not bad, so be his brother too. He whispered to Lawrence's ear: \"Please… Thomas Edward Lawrence, I trust you. I always trust you. Prove that Sherman is a human, not a dog, please.\" The wish from the principal, the pray, made T. E. Lawrence touched inside. He put his hands on the principal, and said only words: \"I won't let you down.\" This was definitely attracted to Mr. Brighton and Ms. Willbird, with their different actions. Mr. Brighton cheered for Lawrence's success, while Ms. Willbird only walked to Lawrence and warned by her death glare: \"You may win today, but not tomorrow!\" And then, her fat body left this room, leaving only Mr. Brighton, Lawrence and the principal. But they needed to go home now, instead of staying here for long. Mr. Brighton bowed his body down, while Lawrence shook the principal's hand. And finally Lawrence and Brighton had gotten out of school. Outside, Lawrence saw Sherman standing here, which feeling so sorry and painful about the attack. By somehow, Lawrence noticed that he might attack Penny due to Penny insulting Sherman. Due to this, Lawrence called Sherman for sure… \"Sherman?\" \"Te… Te… Te… Telarry?\" Sherman was scared. He was being scared because of his action against his friend in the class: \"Te… Te… Te…\" \"It's alright, Sherman. There's nothing to fear. Let's go home.\" Lawrence pacified Sherman like this and he put his bicycle on, brought Sherman to the bike, finally drove back home. The city of Oxford at night turned so beautiful and cold… ##### Home… \"Why did you do that? Who commanded you? Yourself?\" Lawrence started confusing about the story this noon. \"I… I…\" Sherman failed to answer: \"I don't know…\" \"Tell me why, please. Tell me.\" \"She… she's insulted… me…\" Sherman wanted to tears up, but he wasn't able to do it. He only felt apology and heart broken inside, because he very liked her. Sherman liked Flavia 'Penny' very much, and his face seemed like did not prepare for that. Even so, Thomas Edward Lawrence stilled not say anything including the reason before. He just said calmly: \"Sherman… please don't judge anything. I've defended for you, and always stay with you. You will sit a home for only a day, tomorrow. I – Thomas Edward Lawrence – promise that you'll return to school, to finish your studying. Sherman… believe me.\" \"Well…\" Sherman couldn't hold his heart: \"I'm always been a brother, Thomas Edward. Please… do not leave me.\" Lawrence smiled, and then, he asked Sherman the last: \"Do you scare anything?\" \"No… nothing.\" spoke Sherman: \"Thank you, brother. You can shut it off.\" \"You're welcome.\" T. E. Lawrence gave a happy face, but it wasn't clear enough: \"Hope you have a nice tomorrow, Sherman.\" And later, Lawrence shut the door and lights, being only alone in this house. He, along with his father, an old man, an un-recognized mother, and 4 brothers, living with Sherman as the second members of the Lawrence family. Under this new family, Thomas Edward Lawrence, the blood son, understood that what's happening about the concern before. He just came down to the storage, and opened the lights. Under the storage, he saw a small factory built by his friend… \"Lawrence?\" \"Andrew!\" Lawrence laughed: \"Andrew Leeson! Thanks God!\" Lawrence and Leeson, friend from the past, now Leeson had become the manager of his own factory located in Glasgow and Karachi. His father, a diplomat and an adventurer, had been arriving to Tibet before and during the British expedition in 1903-1904. In his father's arrival to Tibet, or Xizang in Chinese, he found a special flower from a Tibetan monk: the flower of time. But he still did not give a name for her, due to the situation of the publics. So Andrew Leeson, along with Cyril Beeson and Thomas Edward Lawrence, must keep it under Lawrence's storage. The flower's dusks were useful to turn back the time, from Leeson. \"Hey, Lawrence, remember our first day we meet the flower?\" Andrew did not avoid it: \"Do you know what? From that day our life had changed… forever.\" Lawrence then smiled immediately: \"Of course. When Sherman was a three years old boy, you gave it to me…\" And Lawrence mind turned back on time when Sherman was three… ##### Autumn 1903 Oxford, Britain Oxford Boys' High School… The sky looked so dreamy and wonderful. It was Sunday. In here, a young boy – Thomas Edward Lawrence – was holding Sherman. Sherman cried all day all night, made the family could not sleep. Cyril Beeson, Lawrence's friend, tried to pacify Lawrence. \"Be patience, Lawrence. Sherman was just a baby.\" \"Yeah. But he's weak to resist the diseases. It could kill him any moment.\" Lawrence fell down immediately. He felt unfinished and he wasn't able to keep Sherman quiet. Suddenly a car arrived in front of T. E. and Cyril. It was belonged to the riches, and they weren't hard to recognize it: the symbol of dragon, with golden shields in two sides, and the crowd in front of dragon's head, modest but impressive. It was from the Leeson family. Andrew Leeson was here… \"Andrew?\" \"Thomas! Cyril! Thanks Lord for reuniting with you again! AWESOME!\" Andrew walked out, ran to Lawrence and Cyril. But only Cyril repeated, while Lawrence must carry Sherman, so he was not able to run. Leeson did not be angry with Lawrence, instead he felt poor for Lawrence. Even so, Lawrence gave a smile, meant he would be fine, and didn't worry about him. Then, Leeson told to Lawrence something for it: \"Don't be hard like this, Lawrence. I've gotten a way to resolve it.\" Lawrence, carrying Sherman inside, had failed to keep his face normal. His face looked shiny when he heard the new from Andrew and then asked right away: \"What's this? Tell me!\" Andrew then told something to Thomas Edward Lawrence and Cyril Beeson who like to hear: \"Do you want to know? Then follow me. Enter to the school's storage.\" Because only Andrew would understand it, Cyril and T. E. must follow him to figure it out. They started going slowly to the storage, passed through the students to enter… ##### School's storage… Inside the storage, Leeson, Beeson and Lawrence talked about Sherman, when Sherman's stilled a baby. Thomas Edward Lawrence, Cyril Beeson and Andrew Leeson's argument was very quiet and nobody knew it. \"What did you mean?\" Lawrence was amazed: \"This?\" Both three took a look and realize it was a flower from Tibet, a sunflower. But this was unlike any sunflowers in the world, especially the Russian sunflower. It only grew in the high snowy mountains, in valleys, or in the dark places. Nobody named for this because his father had kept under secret. Even his son, Andrew, the only knew, was also unable to name, or show the flower. Her only work was to restore the people's health, about that, they did not know. Nor Andrew or anybody knew the others… \"I don't know anything much about it, especially when we do it.\" \"Who need to do this?\" \"Just test for a while.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Just test it, I said!\" \"No no no, before it…\" \"Oh can you finish for us?\" Their argument was very heat. Because Lawrence was keeping Sherman, so he wanted it fast. Andrew and Cyril were still trying to agree about the sunflower, until Lawrence put it from Andrew. \"Does it be full enough?\" Lawrence asked his friends. Now, Andrew and Cyril had just been stopping, and they did look back to T. E. With them, they thought a lot about it… \"Uh… Lawrence? Do you recognize the sunflower was…\" Andrew Leeson and Cyril Beeson tried to prevent Thomas Edward Lawrence from doing anything to the flower. But Lawrence did not know how to use the flower, so he just pointed a part of the flower. His finger was easily touching to the rose. He did it many times, and believed that this sunflower wasn't special like Andrew said before. Andrew and Cyril when trying to prevent Lawrence, seeing Lawrence do this, they stopped. Due to Lawrence touched it many times with no results, Andrew questioned itself: \"Dad had lied?\" About Cyril, also seeing it, Cyril stopped and thought on his brain that might be it was a joke and there's no flower like that in the world. \"This is stupid!\" But when they decided to restore it and leave, suddenly Lawrence found something behind it. He saw inside the flower, and touched to the pistil. The flower's pistil fled from her own to Lawrence's right knee, and shined through Lawrence's eyes. Andrew and Cyril turned back and felt confused to say anything about this: the shiny dusks… And both three of them wouldn't hide any surprise about it… \"Wow…\" \"It's beautiful!\" \"The most wonderful thing I've ever seen!\" \"I cannot believe it. Kill me if you can!\" \"You should do this first.\" While they were praising the Tibetan sunflower, T. E. Lawrence had decided to go farther. He demanded that to figure any uses of the flower by every sources they could. T. E. also followed too. They tried to do something with these dusks… \"I dunno.\" \"Just do it!\" Still, they followed the dusks to find out her useful uses. Soon, they turned disappointment faces due to no evidences showed that the flower was useful. They focused inside the storage of the Oxford High, but their answers were no. While Lawrence was not happy at all, he decided to push the dusks. He palmed his hands together and he decided to go away. When he was just starting palming his own hands, he found no different than before. \"What the shit? It's useless!\" But when they decided to give up, once again, something just happened. The future hero had found one thing from his hands. His hands began shiny again, and the light, yellow light, erupted in front of Andrew and Cyril. Andrew and Cyril, who were searching for it, saw it very strange… \"Lawrence… is that…\" \"No… WAY!\" This was it, Lawrence, this was it. T. E. Lawrence would have a major break on his life. He saw a lot of lights, much than he expected. The lights wrapped around T. E., and this time, T. E. really confused. He never faced something like that, at least now. \"T. E., what is this?\" \"I… I don't know.\" Lawrence didn't know it at all. The lights ran toward him, surrounded him, like did not want to let him go. T. E. Lawrence now believed that something would come. Andrew and Cyril thought it was dangerous, cried to Lawrence: \"GET YOUR HELL OUT OF HERE!\" But Lawrence did not resist. Andrew and Cyril realized that they must come to rescue Lawrence, so they whispered each others: \"Alright Cyril, this time we must save Lawrence.\" They put its feet in ready: the lefts were already raised, following behind its bodies; while the rights held its bodies. Their hands were put into the ground, in front of its heads. Their heads were watching T. E. Lawrence… \"Count on three. One, two,…\" And when the time passed, Andrew shouted: \"THREE! GO!\" They ran toward to Thomas Edward, and their speeds became faster and faster. But when they almost reached it, suddenly Thomas Edward Lawrence was… \"HANG ON!\" They grabbed, but they saw that the only caught Sherman the baby. Thomas Edward Lawrence had already said the test must be completed. So Lawrence just smiled away: \"Do not worry, it will be fine.\" But by somehow, Lawrence also grabbed the sunflower, and he flew back to a place where nobody knew. Andrew and Cyril had been failure to prevent Thomas Edward, because after they got Sherman only, they fell to the ground: \"Uh oh…\" They hit the boxes immediately and Cyril could not believe on his eyes that they would be almost wounded. But even they would not be wounded, they also faced another mission… Sherman… \"WWWAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH…\" \"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!\" Andrew Leeson and Cyril Beeson screamed big under the dark storage: \"WHY? WHY IS SHERMAN? WWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?\" ##### Meanwhile… Ice Age era… Thomas Edward Lawrence fell to the era of the Ice Age. In here, he got the sunflower, and kept inside. He was able to realize this era, due to the cold and no human existence in here. \"Oh man…\" He had to retouch it before it was too late. So he decided to do this now. He touched to her pistil, and once again, he found the pistil's dusks. Inside here, Thomas Edward Lawrence did not allow to forget so fast, so he reminded about his first actions: palming. The weather was not allowing him to stay longer, so he had to do it fast. But then, he recognized something… The apes… \"Oh my God damn it the sunflower was able to go through the time. That's why the Tibetan monks can stay in the Himalaya.\" Lawrence was shocked when he saw about the apes. Those apes, they were looking, watching T. E. Lawrence carefully… \"Oooaaa OOOAAAAOOOAAA!\" Their ancient language made Lawrence confused. With T. E., the only thing he could do right now was how to escape from here. His cold finger had gotten the dusks, and it did look shiny. The apes seemed like wanna show that they were the bosses. They started jumping, smashing hands to chests, and walked closer to Lawrence. But Lawrence did not allow those apes. \"Sorry caveman, but you are too late.\" Then he palmed his hands. So quickly and fast, he prayed on his mind: \"Please bring me back to 1903.\" While he was still praying, those apes had started running to Lawrence. \"OOOOAAAAAAAA…!\" Lawrence then continued it faster and faster. But when the result wasn't shown yet, those apes had been coming close to catch Lawrence. T. E. Lawrence worried: \"C'mon! It must be here now…\" And like a miracle, Lawrence found the light, once again… Those apes, the cavemen were too amazed about Lawrence. The lights burned so fiercely that those apes could not reach it after all. Because of this, those apes were too scared: \"Oooaaaa… aaaaoooaaa!\" With this advantage, T. E. continued his job and finally… \"I'll return to Oxford!\" Suddenly, just like the same one, T. E. Lawrence flew on the sky. The cold was blinded by the heat from the golden circle and again, he was… \"Farewell, ICE AGE!\" He was gone, from then. Those cavemen, later, were believed to have built a Empire they called… the Roman Empire later, according to Lawrence in here. He fled back to Oxford… ##### Autumn 1903 Oxford, Britain School's storage… \"God damn it Lawrence did not return back! WE'RE DOOMED!\" Cyril yelled in fear: \"What can we do, Andrew?\" \"I do not know either!\" Andrew worried about Thomas Edward: \"If he doesn't come back, we will be doomed like you said!\" They hugged together, and prayed for Lawrence. But before their first pray was completed, suddenly the lights had been back. It meant Lawrence had come home… Those guys were amazed once again and this time they also saw the same one. Could it be… \"Wait… Lawrence is…\" And finally, Lawrence had returned with a safety body. He also brought the sunflower back. Now Lawrence thought that it must be very useful that the Tibetan monks must keep under secret. They realized that if anyone found this, nothing will be safe anymore. That's reason why the Tibetans must say it helped healing for body. And he might understand that Andrew's dad, Mr. Costas Leeson, must keep under secret too. Andrew's father had been living with the Tibetans for just more than that. But it wasn't time to flashback, so he smiled: \"I think I've been back.\" \"LAWRENCE!\" Andrew and Cyril slapped its hands like welcome Lawrence. Andrew was the happiest: \"You're back. And the flower is still alive!\" \"I think I found something from her.\" Lawrence giggled: \"Everything is alright. Now, I must say that the sunflower was actually a time machine, in nature technology.\" \"WHAT?\" Andrew was excited to surprise: \"By how?\" \"I've crossed through the time then I fell to the Ice Age. Hhuuuhhh…\" in the meantime, Lawrence turned cold. The snows had covered a half of Lawrence's body, but with the sunflower, Andrew and Cyril still recognized Lawrence. Thomas Edward Lawrence, now still being cold, told his short story to Andrew and Cyril: \"My friends, I think that the Mother Nature had created this plant to make this better, but might also warn us about it. You should remember that why the Tibetans must hide this: because it was very dangerous. If somebody knows, they will change everything, and the world will go into another conflicts.\" \"Wow… that's why…\" Andrew realized that he must understand why Britain wanted to make an occupation to Tibet: to find out the sunflower, and Mr. Leeson had hidden it. The Qing army, then the Portuguese, Russians, Japanese, Turks, Germans, French, Italians, Austro-Hungarians, Belgians, Spanish, Brazilians, British, Thais, and especially the Americans, had been hunting for this. Nobody succeeded, until the expedition was declared. They'd been ready for this, with the Indian, Aussie and New Zealand troops under James R. L. Macdonald and his fellow Francis Younghusband. After Gombojab Tsybikov's photos of Tibet in 1900 (and sent to Russia), Britain realized the threat from Russia. They also wanted to end to Qing's rule in Tibet too. Lord George Curzon had submitted to the Government to attack Tibet when Qing Empire was being weakened. About T. E. Lawrence, Andrew and Cyril should not think about this at first. The war? It wasn't now. Thomas Edward, Cyril and Andrew didn't mind about it. Instead, Andrew gave Sherman back to Thomas Edward Lawrence with speechless, then began to talk about the sunflower, in some few days later… \"My friend?\" \"Andrew, what did you want?\" \"We have to talk about the sunflower, now.\" Andrew began noticing about the sunflower after Lawrence's short journey: \"Do you wanna give me use your home?\" \"What did you mean my house?\" Lawrence was surprised about Andrew's propose, but because of Andrew, Thomas Edward had to accept this. He nodded slowly and finally he decided that Andrew could use his under storage. From then, Andrew, Cyril and Thomas Edward, they created an underground garden and started its mission here. They planted and raised them up with love, warm and seed… And from then, T. E. Lawrence had found another direction. He was able to do this: growing Sherman up. So the baby was reorganized to be better and better. He picked the baby and passed through the eras: the Roman Empire; 300 Spartans; Trojan War; French and Indian War; Qing-Japan War; Battle of Poltava; American Civil War; Brazil; British Raj; the White House; French Revolution 1789;… and else… He had brought a lot of knowledge to help little Sherman become like today… ##### Now… Lawrence didn't feel good now. He did know that Sherman only had one chance to change tomorrow. So he had to pray for a miracle, when Sherman was still living with Thomas Robert, their father. T. E. only felt apology for Sherman's madness action before, but what could he do now? It was nothing. Thomas Edward Lawrence was too poor… \"Oh Sherman, what can I do? You will make me feel worse…\" And T. E. did not know how to fix it despite he knew the trouble. So Andrew had pacified T. E. Lawrence immediately: \"My friend… what's wrong? Did Sherman get any trouble?\" Lawrence believed Andrew so much, so he told the entire of story. Andrew saw it was bad, but because his great influence to the Petersons, due to his' was rich too, so he decided to help Thomas Edward: \"Alright T. E., I'll not let you die like this. Tomorrow, I'll change everything. Thomas Edward Lawrence, trust me. I'm going to contact with the Petersons. They will have to rethink about Sherman.\" \"Really?\" Thomas Edward thanked: \"If you say so… thanks a lot. I must prepare for tomorrow.\" \"Everything will like your wish!\" Andrew circled his right hand, and beat with T. E.'s right hand: \"We will do it… and we shall…\" From the dark sky, something was about to change… tomorrow… ##### Next day… 18:00 Thomas Edward Lawrence prepared dinner and any foods he got. He must cook to delicious, like pacifying the Peterson family. His only hope was from Leeson family, another rich family from Belfast, Ireland and settled in Oxford. Sherman also woke up too and went to the kitchen, where Lawrence was cooking… \"Brother? What are you cooking?\" \"Sherman, be patience. Everything is under control. I have a mission to do, and only have 3 minutes left.\" Thomas Edward smiled: \"You need to prepare something too, Sherman.\" Sherman did not quite understand, so he prepared like T. E. said. Sherman changed clothes like a student, with a good preparation. He tied his tiny cravat and just waiting anything else. Meanwhile, Lawrence had finished cooking, and ready to serve everyone. Suddenly, someone knocked the door. \"Knock knock.\" \"Oh dear. They've come!\" Thomas Edward said to Sherman: \"I've to open the door.\" Sherman had to prepare everything while T. E. came to the wooden door and opened it. And finally, when the door was opened, they found a different… Andrew… Andrew Leeson… \"Lawrence?\" Andrew laughed: \"You again, Thomas Edward Lawrence! What are you doing here?\" T. E. was being surprised about Andrew appearance: \"Oh… but… where are the…\" Luckily, Andrew showed its hands and told: \"They're here. Now, I'll go first. They will follow me later.\" Andrew had kept promise: invite the Petersons to Lawrence's residence. Thomas Edward Lawrence, Sherman Lawrence and Andrew Leeson had already to do this now, because for only 15 seconds, the Petersons had walked to its home. They were… Miss Jenny Peterson, Mr. Fabio Peterson… and a person who Sherman did not like… \"Wait… is that?\" Sherman found that immediately. So Sherman's face turned unhappy and like a conflict with that person… \"It's her.\" Flavia 'Penny' Peterson…[Chapter 12] The British man, with Welsh and Irish accent, had been standing here, along with his friend Andrew. Sherman, under pressure, must be silent and keep calm into the house. Sherman, T. E. and Andrew prepared any plans in case something bad just happened. But with Sherman, he must recognize that Flavia 'Penny' was his main nemesis. So he did like avoiding her family. About Thomas Edward and Andrew, they had to act like friendly. \"Nice to see you, Mr. Peterson.\" Lawrence started first. \"It's an honor to meet Mr. Peterson. And thank you for accepting my invitation, Ms. Peterson.\" Andrew looked like a gentleman in this. \"Yeah yeah what' ever. You little boring Thomas Edward Lawrence, right? Brother of that dog? Alright I'll meet you.\" Fabio showed his unlikely face, darkness inside: \"What did you want from me, T. E. Lawrence?\" \"Fabio!\" Jenny wasn't seemed to like it: \"Don't do that! After all kids are just kids. Tell him easy and he will graduate the boy.\" Their family had shown its different faces: Jenny was funny and liked to be a part of the negotiation; Fabio cared for his daughter a lot and unfriendly to anyone who tried to attack her; and of course, Flavia had a same thing like her dad. In other side, T. E. Lawrence didn't have anything much except he was a son of an ex-Baronet; Andrew, his friend, was rich and also had a relationship with the Petersons (this relations wasn't warm much nearly due to Andrew close tie with T. E.). Even so, it wasn't hot like the war Sherman and Flavia 'Penny'. They saw their opponent, and nobody wanna meet each other. This made a difficult situation to T. E., so T. E. sat down, talked into Sherman's ear. \"Sherman Lawrence?\" \"Brother?\" \"I want you to bring Flavia into your room. Remember, do not tell anything about the storage and the Tibetan sunflower, got it?\" \"Uhh… okay, I will.\" \"Good.\" Lawrence pacified Sherman by putting hand on Sherman's shoulders: \"Don't let me sad.\" Because of this, Sherman must nod to prove that he was able to do that. T. E. Lawrence and Andrew Leeson now could be fine for a while. Mr. Peterson's face turned arrogant, and said: \"Why should I meet you Lawrence?\" But Andrew tried to say something: \"Be patience Mr. Peterson. I'm his friend, remember? Besides, my family treated T. E. very well.\" Ms. Peterson looked like funnier: \"Oh sorry for that my husband wasn't well yesterday. He did notice about Flavia's wound, but it wasn't so bad at all.\" But Fabio shut her mouth: \"Not now, sweetie. I've a job to do.\" They entered to the door and the story… ##### June 1914 Ottoman Syria \"Then what?\" Dahoum tried to question: \"What else? Please speak to me!\" But after all, T. E. Lawrence was too tired. He suddenly fell down and finally gave a sleep very fast. And Dahoum… he could not believe that it was happening. The Arab boy was definitely disappointed about this… but it was too late now. He must get a sleep and finally he got a wonderful night at all. His sleepy dream had returned… And Thomas Edward Lawrence? Well… nothing to notice about him… ##### Next day… T. E. Lawrence must go without S. F. Newcombe. S. F. Newcombe in early of morning had sent a message that he would head to Sinai Peninsula, so he could not join the party of Mahmud Effendi. Mr. Brighton, him and Dahoum must enjoy it without Newcombe's appearance. T. E. Lawrence sat on the train, no talking, no doing anything, just sat here with nothing to do. Dahoum sat in front of him, but he also did not stop focusing on Lawrence. He feared Lawrence could die or lose his mind. Mr. Brighton just ate some steaks made in Texas and New Mexico. The delicious smell was a result from Henry Morgenthau, the United States ambassador in Constantinople. And that's why… Also from Mahmud Effendi, he'd like to invite the gang of Lawrence to eat dinner. With his invitation and the sign secure from a man, the current governor of Syria, Ahmed Djemal Pasha, they were able to join the party. The Turkish people, with fez, and the Arabs, were still moving and walking in the train and the desert. In some occasion, they even found some of Chinese pictures and antiques from the ruins of Yuan Ming Yuan before. Few of Turkish authorities and the riches got that, even Enver Pasha also tried to buy one from Paris. But Mr. Brighton did not care for its, instead he watched Lawrence and Dahoum. On the train, Selim Ahmed continued his last night question: \"Hey Lawrence, I heard that your story only ended that the Petersons appeared in your home. So what will happen next?\" Lawrence's eyes turned shine: \"Huh… you mean…\" He reminded that yesterday, in a drunk, Dahoum also questioned a same one. And inside his head, one thing came back… His childhood. Even it was the time when he became an adult, but he still wrote his childish on mind… ##### 1903 Oxford, Britain The half Welsh-Irish-English man Thomas Edward Lawrence, with Andrew Leeson and Sherman, facing against Fabio Peterson and Flavia. Only Jenny still remained friendly with Lawrence's side. And so, Lawrence must carry little Sherman into his room. It was a part of Lawrence business, to take Sherman out from trouble. Besides, Lawrence also used that when Flavia came to Sherman's room, to resolve the problem and restore the peace between two families. Despite heavy resistance from Sherman, but Thomas Edward still did from his duty. \"Let me go, Thomas Edward. I dislike her!\" \"But you have to do. Even she hates you!\" \"LAWRENCE! LEAVE ME ALONE…\" \"Shut up! You did, and you must resolve it!\" \"She attacked me…\" \"But nobody in the world bit like a dog!\" \"But…\" \"ENOUGH!\" Finally, T. E., with a stronger and healthier body, had beaten Sherman so easy. He forced Sherman to negotiate with Flavia, and pulled Sherman into the door room. Right then, T. E. whispered to Sherman: \"Now listen. I have something to talk.\" \"Thomas Edward, what did you want?\" \"You must resolve the problem with her or waiting her to negotiate about it.\" \"But brother… she hates me.\" \"You can do it. Don't be afraid. I will talk with her family.\" \"But by how?\" \"Okay, tell nice to her. Remember, do not tell her one thing.\" \"What thing?\" \"The sunflower. Don't tell her okay? You, I, Cyril and Andrew are the only ones to know.\" \"Huh… I don't know…\" \"C'mon! I know you can do it. Trust your heart and you will have her voice.\" \"Her voice?\" \"Yeah. Show me, Shermie.\" \"Well… I'll try. But if I fail…\" \"Just trust your heart. Remember, don't tell her the sunflower.\" After helping Sherman, Lawrence shut the door, and went out. Andrew Leeson had been waiting for Lawrence… \"Lawrence! You are here. I've been waiting for you. Come here. We have to do something with the Petersons.\" \"I know, right? So we have to do with them.\" They both understood that their mission was just beginning. The hard was how to convince the Petersons to believe that Sherman was innocent. ##### Now… New York, United States The gang had left the theater. Tom, Jerry, Spike and both The Doraemons said thank to Mr. Peabody, but when they realized that they must go to Brazil, they smiled to Peabody. \"Mr. Peabody, please, we are going to go to Rio de Janeiro. We will enjoy World Cup. I'm sorry for forgetting it.\" Spike said. Mr. Peabody was also agreed: \"Okay. You can go now. Sorry for disturbing you, but I'll go to Brazil one week later. See you in Rio.\" From this, they had to separate, and Dora-nichov felt sad for it. He couldn't want to leave New York, the largest city in the United States, but because Russia had participated in this World Cup, so the Russians must support Russians, just like anyone else in World Cup. Dora-rinho, a Brazilian and also a soccer fan, had used this World Cup for the opening. He asked: \"Hey guys. Do you wanna enjoy the World Cup?\" \"This? I don't know…\" Tom giggled: \"Well, if you truly want to do…\" \"Really? Thank you so much Thomas!\" Dora-rinho shook Tom's hand. Tom wasn't controlling himself, but he could not say. Jerry, Spike and other members of The Doraemons laughed secretly by covering its mouths: \"Hahaha…\" \"It's unbelievable!\" \"Thomas the Cat… haha…\" But they did not want to laugh anymore. Instead, they had to focus on the World Cup, so they questioned Dora-rinho: \"Hey stupid head! Do you have tickets?\" Dora-rinho then took from his pocket… and all the gang was surprised: enough tickets to watch the match Brazil vs. Croatia. So they did slap its hands… \"Congratulation. Now, we will watch it in…\" \"São Paulo! Arena Corinthians!\" Dora-rinho said immediately: \"And we will enjoy it! Still, we also used sometimes in Brazil to find more stories about Lawrence of Arabia.\" With them, it was a time. They wanted to relax in Brazil after a long story about the beginning of Thomas Edward Lawrence. They just wanted to forget it, to focus on the cup. Who would be the champion now? They were going. \"Alright… if you truly want, let's join the World Cup 2014.\" They nodded, and finally drove to John F. Kennedy International Airport. In here, Rinho's friend had finished it by buying tickets for both the others. Who? Dora-rinho only smiled that Nobinho, his friend, must spend a lot of money he gathered from himself and his friends in the youth team to help Rinho got plane tickets to Brazil. Because of this, Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons smiled happily. \"Alright, if you say so… let's go.\" Doraemon spoke last words before going to Brazil. Then, both ten turned its heads onto the sky, with the hope that something would be about to change… And they flew to Brazil… ##### Later… Night… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In one of the world's largest cities, Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons had been in Brazil after 2 hours flying. The time for World Cup was closer and closer, so that everybody got ready to finish its last works. Also in Brazil, some protests, huge, was happening. But it didn't prevent the beauty of Brazil, and with the gang of cat, mouse, dog and robot-cats, they could relax in a hotel. ##### Windsor Guanabara Hotel… \"Welcome to Brasil!\" Dora-rinho spelt to Portuguese to notice his friends: \"Today, we will see a whole new Brasil in this World Cup.\" \"Are you sure when someone still ignores World Cup?\" Spike did not trust about it when he saw some protest. But Wang Dora pacified him: \"Do not worry. We came to Brazil to have fun, right?\" But with someone in the gang, they were laughing: \"Really Wang? I don't know about this.\" Even so, they both knew that Brazilians had considered soccer as a religious belief, so they must be careful with it. They went outside after all… ##### They walked on the street of Rio de Janeiro. The people in here were working in two different sides: a side which the people prepared for the FIFA World Cup, the second time in Brazil; a side which people went on protest against FIFA. The World Cup trophy was about to be in Brazil. Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons (except for Wang and Med) sat in a bar, drank some milk, wine and beer. They questioned about the World Cup. \"How do you know that Brazil will beat Croatia?\" \"Brazil always starts with victories. The fans, they will force not only the national team, but also the referee, to secure Brazil's victory.\" \"I heard that Yuichi Nishimura will catch this match.\" \"That Japanese referee? Oh dear… Brazil is one the largest Japanese oversea communities in the world. Brazilians had a positive look at Japan, so… Brazil is the pro-Japanese nation in South America.\" \"I beg that Yuichi Nishimura is going to supply Brazil.\" \"Are you kidding me? Hahaha…\" While they were drinking beer, Dora-med III read the book of Sherif Ali. He walked to outside the Hotel and saw the beautiful sky in Brazil's largest city. They did not have anything to do before the FIFA World Cup. Some national teams had gathered here, including the host Brazil, and others like Uruguay, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, United States, Mexico, Australia, Spain, Croatia, Russia, Belgium, England, Italy,… and more. They even spent more time to go into the street of Rio de Janeiro despite protests. Dora-med III continued reading the book the legends of Arabia until his eyes saw something flew on the sky. He saw closer and realized that they were the blue, beautiful macaws. And with them, nothing was so dangerous or fearful even the people were protesting. But by somehow, something flew back to Med… \"Hhhmmm… what the… why are these macaws…\" Dora-med III saw his body was colder and colder. His body, now saw something from the past that he couldn't reject it… The sounds… noises… and voices… Who? Who was he/she? Who were they? Dora-med III was being obsessed. Those macaws had something very… very strange. Med decided to go further, checked the macaws, those blue macaws… \"Something isn't like this… how? It's close to World Cup…\" And his eyes… exploded… ##### 1916 Cairo, Egypt \"I don't trust Lawrence, Mr. Brighton.\" a man, with grey beard covered up of his mouth, had grey-haired but like being bald. That's funny, his first name also ended with 'bald'. \"General Archibald Murray, do not worry about it. I believe he can, and he is going to do it!\" Mr. Brighton answered slowly but confirmed: \"I'm sure that Lawrence will be our biggest gift we ever have.\" \"If you say so… bring Thomas Edward Lawrence to me!\" this voice, from General Murray, was more than a normal business. It's a test from General Murray… ##### Now… Dora-med III felt shocked: how could those macaws relate to Lawrence of Arabia? By how? How? With Dora-med, he must read the book once again. This time, when he opened, suddenly, everything turned to a magical story… He read the book, and his eyes turned to blow. Now he must have to focus on one thing: why? He shouldn't leave. Then, he read faster and faster, put from page to page. Because of this, he also saw something else from Lawrence… ##### 1916 Cairo, Egypt Turning back, T. E. Lawrence, now wore like an officer, a Lieutenant, had been facing General Murray. Mr. Brighton, his teacher, once again defending his opinion. Because of this, General Archibald Murray, having tired about Lawrence, declared something to him: \"Well, if you say so… I'll test you this time. Now, Colonel Hartwood?\" A man, looked handsome, with a bright red-haired, white teeth, taller than Lawrence, and had a glasses, were bringing something. It was Colonel Hartwood, the man with Australian accent. This Colonel did have something special, really? Lawrence couldn't wait, he wanted to see it now. \"General Murray, what's this?\" \"You'll see, T. E. Lawrence.\" General Murray still smiled. Then Lawrence looked to Hartwood: Hartwood had brought something like cages. Two. But it was covered in blue. Came closer, he recognized that it was two blue Persian carpets, with a lot of painting. These carpets were very thin, and easily to cover it. Lawrence would gonna ask, but he had to silent instead. He had to know why. \"General Sir Murray, are you…\" but that wasn't with Mr. Brighton. He didn't understand what General Murray doing about. So he must find out why, until those cages were shown: they were similar like bird cages, so Thomas Edward Lawrence demanded something: \"You will test us… by bird cages?\" And finally, General Murray nodded. He told something to Colonel Hartwood when he came to General Murray: \"Anthony, thank you. Please put it onto my table.\" Colonel Hartwood finally put it down, and went to another side, leaving two cages to General Archibald Murray to do something for its. The British General's eyes suddenly changed to confidence, and he smiled, but his lip was same like warning: \"Be careful, Lawrence, they are not a joke for you and both anyone's here.\" And his hands, two, slowly touched on these thin carpets. Lawrence was just standing there… \"What're you doing, Sir Archie?\" T. E. Lawrence watched closely and carefully until General Murray opened full enough… But something had come… ##### Now… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"Dora-med the Third?\" Wang Dora called: \"What's going on?\" Dora-med III turned his body to Wang, but he said nothing. Instead, he shook his head, and watched the sky. It was close to 2014 FIFA World Cup, so he did not want anyone to be ruined: \"I've nothing, Chinese man.\" He went out when the flags of Brazil were flying in every house, while still watching the macaws. Suddenly, he saw two Spix's Macaws landed at the room's lobby. In somehow, Dora-med only believed something from those macaws, so he carefully checked… \"What're those macaws doing here?\" Med thought. He did not like to notice macaws because he really hated to avoid someone doing over them, but when he really thought something normal about them, suddenly his eyes turned shiny. He opened big, and he was amazed: something belonged to the past… had been inside those macaws? He kept it on his mind, and standing like a death man… ##### 1916 Cairo, Egypt General Murray would open it… What were things inside these cages? What did that mean? Why? And the things behind were… ##### Now… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"LOOK, TULIO! IT'S OUR BIRDS, AND THEY'RE IN A LOBBY!\" a young woman, with glasses, yelled happily: \"And I miss you so much, Blu!\" Dora-med was shocked that he almost fell the book down, but his hand was fast enough to retake it. The Arab Dora felt something strange about the book, and why those macaws could relate it to Lawrence of Arabia. By how? He could only act scary with those macaws, and finally he left to inside. Sometimes, he could see Neymar, Hulk, Thiago Silva, Oscar; Alexis Sanchez, Arturo Vidal;… but what if they met T. E. Lawrence right here, in Brazil? Lawrence had died, and this was FIFA World Cup, nothing to compare to Lawrence of Arabia. But why Brazil left a lot of memories about Thomas Edward Lawrence when history proved that Lawrence never went to Brazil before? Dora-med III only read about the book, began feeling strange more and more… \"How? Spix's macaws only live in Brazil. Why these macaws revive me back to Thomas Edward Lawrence and his journey?\" Only this, Dora-med started. He saw that, Brazilian spix's macaws might be open the whole new story… It happens before the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil…[Chapter 13] It was happening in the time when 2014 FIFA World Cup was close. So Dora-med III in that case was believed to found the truth behind. But it wasn't all of them… About Lawrence's legacy in Brazil… When Dora-med III tried to focus on the truth of Lawrence's appearance in Brazilian history, he found that Lawrence later never told anything about his childhood anymore to Dahoum. Dahoum also failed to know more about Lawrence. But why? Why? \"It's impossible to say that Lawrence of Arabia had a connection to Brazil. Why? Did Brazil have something that Lawrence remembered, but nobody knew?\" \"Well… you need to focus on, Dora-med… hhaaahhh…\" it was not from a voice from a death man: \"I've gone, but I'm not done yet…\" Then, Dora-med, a sorcerer who could see the dead and hear it, stood up: \"Are you…\" But he had left away, without a notice from Dora-med. He ran to the door, but the thing he saw was so many women in the house and they were going to be sex in one room. In Dora-med III had to recover his eyes when they were laughing and playing with their favorite… boss… With Dora-med III, it was truly… \"Alright alright, I'll be fine…\" Meanwhile, the gang was in the street, where so many people were playing in the road. In here, Thomas asking for a hip hop dance… except he did not know Portuguese. \"Wow… I wanna dance… but Dora-rinho, can you speak Portuguese? You're a Brazilian!\" On the other side, when Tom came to see Rinho, suddenly Rinho was… playing and dancing in the street. Now he was challenging with one of the oldest man in the street… Everyone was cheering and sending money… \"Eh, você pensa que você pode bater em mim? NENHUM CAMINHO!\" ( Hey, do you think that you can beat me? NO WAY! ) \"JOGO EM '! JOGO EM '! JOGO EM '!\" ( PLAY IN '! PLAY IN '! PLAY IN '! ) Tom was angry about that. He decided to rest with others like Jerry, Dora-the-Kid and El Matadora. Tom questioned all of them in English, since English was not one of the most favorite languages in Brazil. \"How can Brazilians play soccer all day? I meant…\" \"Just relax, man. There is nothing called 'trouble'. Besides, they cannot play soccer all day. They also have to work, too.\" Dora-the-Kid talked so fast, but it was true that they needed not soccer only. The others also agreed with Kid, as they look to Brazilian streets everyday. Even so, they did not forget that Romário, now became a candidate, would check on this World Cup to investigate too. Then, they decided to go through some place until Dora-rinho finished his game, in spite of that truth was… he was normally forget everything very fast. They walked to a Brazilian restaurant where they prepared to eat World Cup's foods. But when they did not come in yet, suddenly they heard something… A voice… from a dead man… \"What the…\" Tom stopped. He only heard the voice sound like from someone else, but it mixed in English, Welsh, and Arabic. Dora-the-Kid suddenly made a sound: \"Silent!\" when he heard this voice. They kept pistols inside its bags, but they did not act. That was strange for them all… \"Who is that? Tell me!\" \"I don't know… but we need more time.\" El Matadora recognized something else, but when his eyes turned circle in few seconds, they really, really scared that something would affect on them. So they called Dora-rinho, this time was ended the challenging game. \"Hey, stupid!\" Dora-the-Kid shouted. \"Wow wow… you?\" Dora-rinho was amazed: \"Me? Why?\" But when he did not talk enough, Dora-the-Kid ran to him, and pinched Rinho's ear. Rinho felt pain but Kid did not care since he knew Dora-rinho could forget very fast: \"Shut up! BACK HOME PLEASE!\" The Brazilian tried to stay, but due to Kid using English, so no one understood why. So they could finish its job so soon. Yet, they came back to their hotel… ##### Night… Winsor Guanabara Hotel… Back to their hotel, they heard something about Lawrence's life. It was from Dora-med III and Doraemon. They were talking about the story of Lawrence when it was over 7 P.M. And yes it was. Doraemon and Dora-med III were talking so many times about T. E. Lawrence. They always said about Lawrence, but especially was a horror story that Lawrence. Spike was able to hear it, so he suddenly told something about the situation of Lawrence and about his life; his connection to Brazil and the most special was… how could Lawrence know… but their words were not done, the gang had come back. \"Hello, Doraemon and Dora-med III. Where's Wang?\" Jerry was the asking. Doraemon fell unconscious, since Doraemon had a freight of mice. El then must tell to Jerry, whisper clearly that \"do not talk with Mon. Doraemon will fall down because of mice\" Jerry Mouse now realized by giggling… and he apologized for beating Doraemon. The gang laughed big and later they put Doraemon up on the bed… \"Hahahahaha… Doraemon will be shocked that he knew nothing.\" But by somehow, they forgot that to be sure that if Doraemon were unconscious, his headphones would work to ensure that it recorded all the noises. Meanwhile, they feared that something was not okay, so they got ready. From the floor, they kept secret… \"So… what have you been quarreling for?\" \"We have something to share… but it's important. If we tell to the world, they will laugh against us, understand?\" \"Yeah. So…\" \"Here. Listen to me!\" Wang Dora quite whispered very quickly. He remembered that Doraemon saw something so he could tell very fast: \"Well, my friends, this is not just only about Lawrence. We must be silent and listen to me.\" They nicely listened carefully as wanna know one or other few reasons. So in that case, Wang told them all… \"Well… according from Doraemon,… he believed that Lawrence was trying to contact to someone else. But nobody knows Lawrence's target, right?\" \"Exactly.\" \"I think his real target is…\" Wang secretly tried to confirm a person to be sure for the Brazilian contact of Lawrence so he focused on the man. He only painted in silent and no talking, no speaking, he finally finished for only 15 minutes. He completed. Then, Wang represented: \"Here, my friends, and my partners, during the time when Doraemon was hunting the cold of Lawrence, he believed that Lawrence was identifying a person: he was not so tall, only 1,75… in fact, he is normal, white, he always changed sometimes… Lawrence also had a sister… which she was able to speak Portuguese…\" \"WHAT? I thought Lawrence…\" El Matadora almost argued but he was covered by Nichov. Suddenly Tom realized something, since Thomas' ancestor was had some connection to Lawrence: \"Hang on… I know this. Lawrence got sister because it was from his father's old family. He left it with Ms. Junner, and Ms. Junner, you know in the first time we met Peabody, right? In fact… Lawrence's father's wife was not Ms. Junner at the beginning.\" \"Oh…\" the gang was amazed about Tom's knowledge, but soon Wang continued with a little request: \"Alright, do you understand? Now, keep listening on me!\" His eyes turned dark, not angry, but seemed to be disappointed: \"I do not know her name, according from Ali's book, but think about it, did she marry a Brazilian before?\" \"(I do not know.)\" Dora-nichov shook his head quickly like an answer: \"(Really, I cannot know much about Mr. Chapman's first family.)\" Wang only waited this, he then told: \"Let me guess for you guys: I heard that the woman Lawrence talking about was… Mabel Cecile Chapman, the youngest daughter of the family. She was born by Mr. T. R.'s first wife, thus, her connection to Brazil was not confirmed. She was the few of Thomas Chapman's daughter to meet T. E. Lawrence, but from anything Lawrence shared to Ali… she met a Brazilian man who also had an English background. She later married this person and moved to Brazil forever. Thus, Lawrence never wanted Mabel to leave England, but… she did never return to her homeland anymore. When she was in Brazil in… nowhere, she gave births so many children, and later, one of them, married and yet his wife got a famous birth… Do you know who is the boy that Lawrence seeking for?\" \"Wow… it's really… really weird.\" Spike was excited: \"So the boy T. E. looking for…\" \"Here.\" Wang painted enough, only by pencil, but it was truly well. He showed the picture to the friends with fearless, as he asked: \"Do you realize this man? According from Doraemon too, he was seeking a 1,75 meters boy, changed sometimes, got a good skills, here.\" But the picture Wang gave to the gang later shocked all of them… This man, even a child, also recognized so soon and so early. Dora-rinho was silent about that… \"Is that…\" Then, one of them, Dora-the-Kid, gave a way: \"Guys, do you know Thomas Edward Lawrence's nickname when he was a kid?\" All of them thought for a long, but seemed only Dora-med III find out. His brain became shiny, and later he spoke: \"Hey, his nickname was… Ned, right?\" Med thought that it was so normal and not affected to anyone, but suddenly, Kid turned back, and questioned: \"Dora-med the Third, can you speak his nickname once again?\" \"Ned.\" Dora-med spelt back, and now, they found that T. E. Lawrence was truly had… a Brazilian connection. But why? Remembering the warning from Wang, they opened the book secretly, as the planes of other national teams had been arrived. They continued to read, as Lawrence's historic journey was just started… \"Well… in that case… maybe we have to find out. That's why it was called the legends of Arabia .\" But also, when they were seeking the truth, the soul of T. E. Lawrence stayin' inside the room only smiled in his cold break, and he did not forget to say: \"Well… good work. But you know why, ask Benedikt Wolfgang Joachim Löw first, boys.\" And the cold was truly surrounded the gang… (except for Doraemon). And Benedikt Löw… who was he? They'd to continue…[Chapter 14] P. S.: : Ed, Edd n Eddy belongs to Danny Antonucci; Joachim \"Jogi\" Löw belongs to real. : Their names in the past: :: Nadie van Bartonschmeer (Nazz). :: Ed. :: Edd \"Double D\". :: Eddy. From Ali's book, he wrote:… \" I never mentioned that Lawrence would never think about to be paid so much like this. But he was replied: a treat from the Syria's Governor. In here, he met his brand new friends, and another partner, who would follow him to the war later. But the only man he did not meet was a surprise for me… \" ##### June 1914 Next morning… 8:30 T. E. Lawrence was on a dream where he reminded to his young time. But surprisingly on him, Mr. Brighton, his teacher before, shouted: \"LAWRENCE! WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?\" But Lawrence did not repeat. Mr. Brighton called same like usual, but Lawrence wasn't going to answer. Did not know why, Mr. Brighton chose to get inside the tent of Lawrence. It was early of the day when the sun was just to rise. \"Men… Lawrence, we have a busy job to do!\" And he entered. In that cost, he saw Lawrence… He was sleeping under the bed (actually not like a real bed, instead it was a carpet and a pillow) nicely like a baby. Mr. Brighton did not think about that at all… \"Lawrence… the party all night definitely ruined him.\" And he took some waters. Stewart Francis Newcombe today would not appear as he went to Palestine to work, and Mr. Brighton had to pull waters, threw it to Lawrence. Lawrence was sleeping, suddenly was called wake up, so he felt afraid, as he stood up. \"AAA! AAAAAAAAA…\" He kept fighting with no one like this until Mr. Brighton brought the second one. Now, Lawrence was really… really awake… \"Thomas Edward Lawrence! Have you slept well?\" \"Wow… I… yeah, thank you Mr. Brighton.\" Lawrence answered: \"But you shocked me. I even did not mention on that way…\" Mr. Brighton did not give time, hurried forcing Lawrence to go: \"Alright alright. You happy now? So please… today Ahmed Djemal Pasha, Governor of Ottoman Syria, had invited us to dinner. We will leave Carchemish in tomorrow, so you got to hurry! Quick!\" In that case, Lawrence was standing up, and wore his maintain clothes for sure. Under the join hand of Mr. Brighton, Lawrence finished his last job. He gave it to Dahoum take care the exploring job, while Mr. Brighton invited Spike and Mr. Ultranium to the palace of Djemal Pasha, one of three main Pashas ruling Turkey. This was truly hard for Lawrence when they would face a man like that, only one question was asked by Lawrence: \"So… Mr. Brighton, we will eat in Djemal Pasha's residence?\" \"Of course.\" \"And… he invited us?\" \"Of course, too. It was signed and confirmed by Mahmud Effendi, his grandchild.\" \"Mahmud Effendi!\" Lawrence remembered that guy. That guy was the one who helped Lawrence in the situation between the exploring team and the train architects before, so might be they invited them to thank for everything he done. He just smiled, and yet he knew the story before, so he wore the vest and finally moved to the car. Then the car moved away… Heading to Djemal's residence… ##### 10:00 Djemal Pasha's residence… After few hours, Mr. Brighton, Spike, Professor Ultranium and T. E. Lawrence reached the residence. Before reaching it, he was questioned by Spike about the story he told to Dahoum, but… unfortunately, Lawrence was not going to tell it. He was facing the heat in Arabia, so he did not tell anything. Instead, he focused on the meeting and dinner with Djemal Pasha, and because this month belonged to Ramadan until Eid ul-Fitr, a traditional festival of the Muslims, so he would not receive a lunch in here. In Djemal's residence, they could see a minaret from his house… And it was praying time… \"Allahu… Akbar… al-wakhan al-billa allah watan khani…\" This did not attract much to these English-American guys. In here, they stopped their car, and yet, a group of Djemal's officers welcomed the gang. One of them represented himself in English: \"Mualaykum salaam, sirs! Please welcome to Djemal Pasha's house.\" \"Oh… you speak English so well.\" Mr. Brighton was excited: \"It's looked good. How long you have learnt English?\" \"About 10 years, sir. My name is Fuad, Fuad Kerim Fuad. Sorry sir but Djemal Pasha is not at home. He will go all day, prepared for his later business in the capital. Please enjoy, sirs.\" \"It's nice to see you.\" Lawrence gave a good look: \"Well… since Djemal Pasha isn't here, so may I go to somewhere, well… to meet Mahmud Effendi.\" \"Mahmud Effendi!?\" amazed Fuad: \"Why did you want to see him?\" \"Well… he and I met yesterday, to fix a disputed work. And… because of my joins… so he invited me to eat dinner with him.\" Lawrence quite answered: \"What's wrong, Fuad?\" \"Ahh… In that case, I know.\" Fuad recognized: \"You have to follow me. I'll lead you to meet Mr. Mahmud.\" Fuad asked his partners about sending other people to make a walk through the residence, both in Turkish, and they did not deny. Fuad nodded and later he went with T. E. Lawrence, while others did its works. Fuad was not so smart, but he was learnt well, so he was able to know everywhere in this tiny palace. That was good for Lawrence… Meanwhile, Mahmud was preparing for their dinner. So he wore his new clothes, which belonged to his military style. Suddenly, he heard a call… \"Mahmud! Mahmud!\" \"What's wrong?\" he calmly replied. Both learnt English so well (Ali told about that before). \"Mr… Lawrence has come.\" Fuad answered. \"Wow… he came so early…\" Mahmud saw and realized it, so he tried to finish his clothes wearing: \"Fuad… tell Lawrence waiting me for a moment. I'll go out soon. Meanwhile you can bring him to another place like… duel room!\" Fuad obeyed this and said to Lawrence that they were going to go to duel room, and Lawrence accepted. They walked to another side and lost just only one minute for them to be entering inside the duel room. Thomas Edward Lawrence knew the face of Djemal Pasha from photo and picture, so he would know who's Djemal. But he also knew… not much about Djemal… And also, he would meet their new friends… ##### Duel room… Inside the room, they walked to inside. This room could also be used for gymnast, for good. But their first words could hear were… \"Hey, Mr. Aziz! Don't play like that! It's not fair!\" \"Not fair? Three of you against one, that's fair huh?\" he fought back: \"I'm close to be an old man now, while you are youngsters!\" \"But you were better trained…\" \"Yes, it's true to say…\" \"Three of you, shut up. I'm an old man, remember? I'm not fast anymore.\" \"But you are bigger…\" It was a duel fight between three Americans and an Ottoman Pasha. They were best known as… but Lawrence did not know whom were they. \"Uhh… I saw three men and… a Pasha…\" The first man was the tallest, and the most dummy man in the group. He wore green clothes, but he wasn't smart, instead he got strength; the second was the shortest, fat, selfish, but he was truly an architect and also \"proclaimed\" himself as the leader, wore yellow; the last was the man between on them, and he was the most intelligent, but he was the weakest and he was too… girly. The Ottoman Pasha was so similar to Djemal Pasha, excepted for his red beard and a larger stomach than Djemal. He wore a traditional Dagestani warrior clothes, and he was well-graduated. \"Hey… I thought Djemal Pasha…\" Lawrence tried to say something but Fuad cut it: \"Oh… sorry Mr. Lawrence… but it is Mr. Aziz Djemal, not Ahmed Djemal. Aziz is Ahmed's older brother, and we mostly call him as Aziz Pasha.\" Lawrence this time turned stone, and he slowly… repeated: \"Uhh… Aziz… Aziz Djemal… Aziz Djemal… Pa… Pass… Pasha…?\" But when Lawrence was truly being amazed, Fuad continued his job from Mahmud: \"It's too surprise, right? Anyway, the fat old man is Mr. Aziz Djemal. The three other guys were the Eds. Their names are Eddy (the fat-shortest), Edd \"Double D\" (the second tallest) and Ed (the tallest, and also the stupidest). Is that all with you, sir?\" Lawrence could not talk for a moment, until he really watched that Aziz squashed the Eds like eating chickens. \"YYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAA…\" \"BOOM!\" it was finished. Now, the Eds, from Fuad's presentation, had truly been beaten down. Eddy yelled big: \"It's not fair! You lied!\" and so did Ed. But Aziz Pasha replied angrily: \"YOU TOLD ME TO PLAY FAIR, AND NOW YOU BLAME ME FOR NOT BEING FAIR?\" They almost made a quarreling time in the gym's room until a person came to the room, from the door behind… \"Bravo, Herr Aziz. Ich weiß, dass Sie fair spielen.\" ( Bravo, Mr. Aziz. I know you will play fair. ) He spoke in German, but with Lawrence, it was so easy for him (Lawrence spoke English, French, German, Latin, Greek, Turkish, Arabic, Italian and Hebrew). But when he was not going to say, the old man kept going: \"Aziz Pascha, ich freue mich mit dir befreundet sein. Auch die Eds… Sie kämpften so gut, aber nicht genug.\" ( Aziz Pasha, I'm glad to be your friend. Also, the Eds… they fought so well, but not enough. ) Suddenly, Lawrence's attention changed to the old man which looked closely to be linked to a German-born in Baden-Württemberg and he had a face so old, but brave and confirmed person. He smiled a lot and then he used Turkish to speak: \"Mualaykum salaam, Aziz Pasha!\" \"Bay Benedikt Wolfgang Joachim Löw! Sanırım asla bu şekilde buluşacağız.\" ( Mr. Benedikt Wolfgang Joachim Löw! I never think that I'll meet you like this. ) \"O Aziz Djemal Paşa hala iyi benzeri görmekten çok mutlu bu. Senin gibi bir onur benim hayatımın son olmayabilir.\" ( It's so happy to see that Aziz Djemal Pasha still fine like this. I may not have an honor like you in the last of my life. ) Aziz and Löw hugged happily and friendly. Meanwhile, when the Eds stood up unhappily, they saw a man behind. The proclaimed leader Eddy pointed so fast: \"Hey look guys! We have a new man in here!\" He was definitely excited as Lawrence was standing like death in here. Lawrence never imagined that he could meet this story, but Eddy's voice blew everything. Now, Aziz Pasha, Löw Bey, and the Eds were truly seeing on T. E. Lawrence. But right away, Löw recognized this man: \"I know this man! He is Thomas Edward Lawrence, the man which my young student Hermann von Krassmann told about. He was too angry about you, but in my side, he is great! Come here, Lawrence. Come! I need to meet you. Hahaha…\" Löw laughed happily when Lawrence appeared to meet him, in spite of Lawrence's less preparation. Even so, Lawrence also woke up, regained his patience: \"Okay okay… thank you. I'm glad to meet Mr. Löw on my way. It's so honor for a man like me. I do not think about…\" And guess what? T. E. Lawrence was meeting for the first time with Aziz Djemal, Benedikt Löw, the Eds inside Ahmed Djemal's residence. So that was it, the time for all of them… \"Hello Mr. Löw.\" Aziz Pasha decided that they would take a photo together. Fuad was sent to get the camera and finally, when it was placed, they spotted on the target… Them, Lawrence, the Eds, Aziz and Löw… And… \"1! 2! 3! \" It was finally taken off… ##### Today… \" I kept that picture when Lawrence brought it to me in 1919. At first, I thought that the photo was just for fun, but later, it was almost being burnt by the hate, angry, war… but Lawrence's courage was still strong to keep it until the end… And so, it was really, really shown a story about Lawrence later when he returned against, or with them in Arabia, soon… \" \"(Wow…)\" Dora-nichov seized the photo: \"(I never think about that, but Ali is good.)\" They took a look and then they saw something very… very different: he just looked like… \"He looked like Jogi Löw!\" Dora-the-Kid told: \"Look on the eyes, the hair… I don't need to analyze still can guess that it was Benedikt Löw in the past. Joachim \"Jogi\" Löw is his descendant today?\" Hearing from this, all was stood up. They checked a look into the sky, as so many teams had arrived later. Some of them united in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil's largest cities. It's not just only a small story anymore… It definitely invited… even soccer too. Now, it was truly shown that Lawrence had something relate to Brazil, despite nothing proved that was truth. So many of mysteries today… \"If I question Germany's Joachim Löw, he will be amazed.\" Spike said: \"So, something really behind that and Lawrence was having a relationship with Löw?\" \"T. E. Lawrence… and Germany's manager's ancestor? Okay that's weird.\" Jerry said in suspicious: \"Can we continue the story? Thomas Edward Lawrence never joked on anyone, even for his life. But due to our current situation, we should not tell openly.\" Both of them agreed that it was true, so they continued to read… \" In all of my life, I believed that Lawrence had founded: his friends, and his enemy, so early, right in 1914. Both gathered in Djemal's great mansion. And it would be their last time to see each others friendly together, before they were truly separated… Mr. Benedikt Wolfgang Joachim Löw had represented his grandchildren. A girl. His son had married a Dutch woman, so she was considered as his granddaughter. Right on the first day to meet, the Eds fell in love on her, meanwhile T. E. Lawrence just only slapped his hands… \" ##### June, 1914 Djemal Pasha's mansion… A girl suddenly showed up. She wore a white dress in respect to her traditional heritage: Dutch. She looked like a Dutch woman, and she was one of the prettiest girls nobody never thought about it, especially in a Islamic nation like Turkey, under Sultanate's rules. Those Eds were quickly amazed. She got a yellow short hair, but her face looked so cute. She was so strong, tomboyish but sometimes she was so weakness… and kind of a good person… \"Wow…\" Fuad said to Lawrence. But Lawrence did not focus on that, instead he was just only slapping his hands: \"Good work, Mr. Löw.\" But the Eds were different. Their eyes turned shiny. They were truly falling in love. Benedikt Löw then represented: \"My friends, and visitors… this is my granddaughter.\" \"Wow… she looks so pretty.\" Eddy started: \"I wanna hug her.\" \"She's cute. What's her name?\" T. E. Lawrence still stood like nothing could attract on him. And finally, Benedikt began: \"She's Nadie van Bartonschmeer.\" What would happen?[Chapter 15] Today… \"Nadie van Bartonschmeer?\" Dora-the-Kid was surprised: \"By how? Did the Bartonschmeer family…\" But Spike quite shut Kid's mouth: \"Quiet. You know what, it's close to World Cup now. Have you ready? We need to investigate about Joachim's past.\" Then, they kept reading… ##### June 1914 Djemal's residence… \"Miss… Nadie?\" Eddy began to focus on. He truly fell in love on this kind woman: \"You are a wonderful woman that I've never seen before.\" The Eds saw her and considered that who get her would have a future. About Thomas Edward Lawrence, he felt nothing on her. He turned around and around about the lady, but not falling in love. He asked Fuad: \"She is… Mr. Benedikt's grand daughter?\" \"Well… in that case, it's yes, it is.\" \"Oh wow… I never imagine about this one day…\" Lawrence smiled: \"In that case, I cannot expect for something better.\" He tried to avoid this, but later, Aziz Djemal called Lawrence right immediately: \"Oh… you're Lawrence? Well… follow me. Just come here and sit down.\" Lawrence was very thankful for it, so he accepted to sit with Aziz Pasha. In respect for Aziz, Lawrence sat and enjoyed the business with him. And so did Benedikt. They sat down and looked to the Eds and Nadie, while Fuad came close and said something… \"Mr. Aziz…\" \"What happen?\" Aziz Pasha asked: \"Tell me why?\" \"Well… Mr. Aziz, it's close to lunch time. You should prepare something… for our guests. We got an Englishman, three Americans, two Germans in here, that's not good?\" \"Oh oh… not like that. I'll bring them to the table right away.\" Aziz Pasha hugged Lawrence to convince that he would do it, acted in front of Fuad. Lawrence could understand it, since they used English for sure. \"Oh… so you are gonna having a business here? Lunch time?\" \"Yeah yeah… Well, please wait for 15 minutes. You can enjoy with us anytime.\" Aziz said that as trying to run through his room. Then, Benedikt came to T. E. and laughed: \"Hahahahaha… I know exactly what is Aziz doing. He is a high quality man, but he's always busy. And sometimes… his busy gave a not good result for him.\" \"Hhhhmmm… maybe you're right. But I don't think he would too hurry like that. Even so… I've to check out where's Spike and Mr. Brighton. They're doing so long.\" Lawrence confused about his teacher and partner, so he wanted to go check outside. But Benedikt pacified Lawrence that they would be okay. Instead, this was not dangerous at all. His mouth, despite sometimes looked so heavy like a German accent, but he'd truly say it right. About the Eds, they tried to contact with Benedikt's little grand daughter. They even said and convinced her (actually only two Eds was Ed and Eddy did, Edd didn't). Double D just tried to comfort for Nadie, but sadly, his chance was interrupted by Ed and Eddy. This was definitely disappointed for a boy like Edd. Meanwhile, T. E. Lawrence and Benedikt Löw spent more time to talk about the situation in Balkan Peninsula, after a few discuss about the works in Arabia. \"I prefer to speak about Arabia to Balkans, Lawrence. Now… I heard that the Austro-Hungarian Government had announced that the military exercise will be held in Sarajevo, on the day of 28 June. What did you think?\" \"Well… in that case, the situation, according from Balkans history, it was announced right on the day where the Serbs lost over the Turks. In spite of this day was far from the day of the battle of… of… hhmm… of Kosovi or Khosovar or… what' ever, but it might make the tension high.\" \"It is not just only here, T. E. Lawrence. So many places in the world are under high tensions, such as China, Papua New Guinea, Balkans, Arabia, Africa, Manchuria, Tibet,… damn… not good.\" \"But you know… I can hope that nothing would scare us. After all the mankind had been so tired for this.\" \"Yeah…\" Two men, a young and an old, talking very consequently due to the time. They also said about the other things in the world, such as the rising power of the United States, Mexican Revolution,… All came from both heads with fun and laugh until Mr. Brighton suddenly came in… \"Lawrence! What are you doing? You suppose to be in the lunch time right?\" \"Me?\" Lawrence was surprised: \"It's lunch time? Oh dear… you did not tell me. And… by a way, where have you been?\" Mr. Brighton did not say much, instead he focused on Lawrence and Löw about the lunch. \"Don't ask me why? I'll say it later. Now please everyone goes to lunch. And… three of you too! Mr. Aziz is being busy so he invited me to do this.\" And did not need the gang to reply, Mr. Brighton quickly forced all them into the lunch time. They had to hurry, since the time did not give them more. When Aziz Pasha arrived, he saw that everyone was no longer stay in the room. Asking why, Mr. Brighton explained everything, so Aziz could be smiling from it. It was good enough for him… ##### 11:30 Djemal's dining room… All of them finally got a seat to sit down and enjoy the lunch for a few minutes after all the cookers brought their foods. Made in Islamic traditional way, it was definitely very delicious. With Aziz, it was the way to thank for Allah before the Ramadan. Due to Djemal's appearance not here, so they must prepare for this day by own. Their guests in today could be their last chance to meet before beginning the Ramadan. So he invited all of them to have a day in Djemal's residence. As Ahmed Djemal's older brother, Aziz Djemal, officially referred as Aziz Pasha, pleased everyone to sit down with him and enjoy the lunch. \"Insha'Allah. Today, we will treat and guarantee to our guests today… to have a free meal, a wonderful one, before the Ramadan. They're mostly Westerners, so maybe it's our few moments to gather instead. Now, please enjoy.\" \"Hahaha… Thomas Edward, every time Mr. Aziz did, I could not stop thinking. He's a charming person, but he's too… lawful.\" Benedied quietly laughed when he saw Aziz Pasha's actions such as standing up with no laugh; but sometimes he found of Aziz's clumsiness, or even he saw his mistaking napkin to the towel, or even his smiling face to… apology someone. He laughed again: \"Hihi… I beg that always got slapped from his brother.\" T. E. Lawrence only replied by a smile but not like accepting Benedikt's opinion. Meanwhile, Mr. Brighton quickly stood up, and he said something… \"Well, if Aziz Pasha says so, we have to agree with him. Congratualtions!\" He showed the cup of vodka. In other side, finally Mahmud Effendi appeared. Before that, he took his uniform, ran to down stair, but crashed with Spike. In apology, he led Spike to all around the residence, so he was late on meeting with Lawrence to say thank you before. Now, he sat close to T. E. Lawrence and he prepared too… \"Hello Lawrence…\" he said. \"You're late, my nephew! I'm getting mad about it.\" Aziz Pasha warned but not too angry: \"Well… in my case, I would be very angry, but now, if you have a friend, enjoy.\" \"Wow…\" Lawrence was truly amazed about their English skills: \"You must have been learning English somewhere. I'm very amazed. Who had you learned from?\" In spite of this, they did not want to tell, cause the time was not waiting. Mahmud even said like this: \"Be quiet, Lawrence. Not now.\" Lawrence also understood that it was close to Ramadan, and the time for them wasn't much as the first time, yet again, but this could be their last moment to see Aziz Pasha. No one did recognize it now… \"Okay people, we will cheer! Let's cheer for a greater future!\" Aziz Pasha after losing for moments, had finally gotten back his steps. He said something from it: \"Well, when I was a kid, unlike Ahmed, I had been going to Mexico. In here, I met a very different style, that's never happened in Turkey for centuries. So I learnt Spanish, and now, I will show you a Mexican song, to welcome my guests for helping us. My nephew will do it. Now, let's cheer.\" Saying that, he started the lunch. And everyone cheered for him. T. E. Lawrence did understand that it would be a long day for him. He started thinking about Dahoum and the other ones working in Carchemish currently… \"I wonder if they were working right now…\" But he still enjoyed the lunch. Then, when the lunch closed, Aziz Pasha finally took the guitar he left on the room, and he called all of them to go outside. Mahmud Effendi did not talk with Lawrence for all the meal, so he used this time to talk. Sometimes, Mr. Aziz was too early… and that was truly a little problem for the Djemals. \"Hey… T. E.! Wait up!\" \"Mahmud?\" Lawrence got a little bit surprised: \"What are you doing?\" \"Sorry for forgetting to say that but… I forget to say 'thank you' for you. I missed it in the lunch, might be I was too hungry at that time. Sorry…\" \"It's alright. It's not your fault. I do need nothing much except to be invited by your own hand.\" \"Oh… okay. In… that case, we should leave for a second. My uncle, Aziz Pasha, had been in love with Mexican music for so many years, but poor showing (not poor in result, but less appearance). Besides, how did we go outside for a relaxing huh? I do like Mexican music… but not now.\" \"Oh… you're good. Thanks… but…\" Lawrence tried to avoid, but Mahmud still invited him. He said that he would guarantee for Lawrence to do everything on Djemal's residence. Even so, Lawrence stilled not consider yet. He just tried not to talk immediately. But Mahmud forced him so much. \"C'mon, man.\" \"Just wait for a few seconds…\" \"C'mon! No waiting! We can be fun.\" Mahmud did not stop convincing Lawrence: \"It's fun! Don't avoid it.\" The talking between two of them happened very tense, but not too tense. And so, finally, Lawrence accepted the invitation from Mahmud: \"Alright, I'll go.\" And so did they… but their friendship time was too short… \" That was one of the most surprising moments in here. From now, it was being turning to a friendship. But this friendship would not live long, because the time wasn't waiting on them. While Aziz Pasha was playin' Mexican music, they thought about a short moment of meeting. It's time for them to think and ask about the future, especially this was their last chance. But they did not know… like Lawrence with Dahoum. Poor for them… And Djemal's house might be its last chance? Like I said, it was. Like sunflowers met the suns too late, there would be no more encounter like today, anymore. Because it was not just only Ramadan… It's war… \" ##### Now… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"It's getting more strainer and strainer, boys.\" Spike said: \"Keep reading. After this Djemal's… we will see the whole story of Lawrence.\" \"Yeah… but how? It's not done yet.\" Tom smiled but not like happy much: \"We got to hurry. In other way, I have bought tickets for the opening match between Brazil and Croatia. So please get faster you morons.\" \"Hahaha very funny. But well… we will watch it.\" Dora-the-Kid said: \"For good.\" \"That's right man.\" Dora-med III applied: \"And this must be done before the match.\" \"Yeah…\" they nodded, but they had to focus on. It was close to their bedtime now…[Chapter 16] Then… everything moving on its way… ##### June, 1914 Djemal's residence's garden… The pressure from Mahmud Effendi finally succeeded by T. E. Lawrence decided to go with him. T. E. Lawrence and Mahmud Effendi left Aziz Djemal playing mariachi guitar to his guests and came to talk by their own… They walked to the garden of Djemal family and talking about the future of the Ottoman Empire and whole Europe+world, especially Germany, France, Russia, Britain, Italy, Austria-Hungary, Japan and the Balkans. The exploration was also on the schedule of Mahmud and Lawrence, and they mostly focused on the exploration. \"Hey Lawrence!\" Mahmud started. \"Well… I accepted this, and you found a question so fast? Wow…\" He nodded like could not be lying the truth: \"What's your question, Mahmud?\" \"Lawrence… listen to me first: have you finished your business trip in Arabia?\" \"No, not yet.\" Lawrence said disappointment: \"Well… I miss my family now. I never saw Sherman, Montagu Robert, Arnold Walter,… and else of my home. I really miss them…\" Lawrence's sadness face was covered by himself, with a laugh but not like a laugh. Even so, he still said about his business: \"Hey Mahmud, I've to say something: first, we discovered some of treasure buried behind the sand; second, we worked successfully without the railway construction. Thanks for you a lot.\" \"You're welcome, mate.\" Mahmud smiled shortly: \"I don't think it would…\" \"That's alright. I can handle it now.\" T. E. Lawrence told to him quickly: \"You know, to do this, we had to cooperate with the tribes. I even had to speak their languages too. So many Arabic dialects.\" \"Hahaha… let me guess: the Arabs, Bedouins, the Lebanese, Zaydis, Persians, Jews,… correct?\" Mahmud made fun: \"I can say about that.\" \"HAHAHAHAHA…\" Both two laughed for a moment, and later, they sat down, and spoke together more times than currently. They said in any subjects, such as Lawrence's next moves in Arabia. Lawrence cheered by telling to Mahmud everything and so did Mahmud. Sadly, for just only one hour, the voice from Mr. Brighton stopped all. \"Thomas Edward Lawrence! It's time to go home, man!\" \"Really?\" Mahmud was unhappy: \"Aw man…\" \"Mahmud, I'm glad to meet you, but let me tell you one last thing: we have our own business, own work, so… we can't stay any longer. I'm sorry.\" Lawrence apologized to him: \"Maybe next day we can meet each others.\" Two people, two guys, they watched together. They knew their moment would not be last longer, so they decided to go. And yes, they would know one thing: they would not have a second chance to meet friendly like this anymore. When they talked about the Balkans, they knew one day the Balkans' bomb was going to be exploded, so they must get ready for everything they had. So Lawrence and Mahmud came close and hugged… \"Lawrence…\" \"Mahmud Effendi…\" \"Just call me Mahmud. Lawrence, hope one day I can see you friendly like before.\" \"Neither war. Just friendly.\" \"Neither war.\" Mahmud hoped so much for it, so he hugged T. E.: \"One day, we'll be friend once and for all.\" And so did they leave… Lawrence knew it was his last days before one giant thing come… ##### Now… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"So Lawrence knew it?\" Dora-med III suspected. \"Yeah, so what? It was not difficult to find out.\" Jerry said. But suddenly, Doraemon woke up, so Jerry must hide: \"Uh oh! Mouse's aversion had been awake! I've to go. See ya!\" He left to Dora-rinho's ball while Doraemon waking. And that's true: Doraemon finally stood up, and he forgot everything… \"Hhhh… what's happened?\" With the gang, they did not want to talk. But suddenly, they heard that Joachim Löw, Germany's coach, would appear in the airport to wait his favorite girl. They decided to figure more about the Löw family, so they prepared to go… \"Hey, do you want to meet Joachim?\" Tom suggested. \"Really?\" Dora-rinho looked everywhere, and he nodded later: \"It would be in…\" \"Santos Dumont Airport. Let's go!\" Tom smiled and then all the gang walked out. Their sleeps were delayed…[Chapter 17] Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Santos Dumont Airport... Nazz von Bartonschmeer, the girl with gold hair, stopped at the airport. She was wrongly captured a wrong plane, so she must wait for few minutes to be in Santos Dumont Airport. In here, an old man had been waiting for her... \"Uncle Joachim!\" \"Nazzie!\" it was... Joachim Löw, manager of Germany. He was been here for Nazz: \"I love my niece so much! Come over here Nazzie!\" Nazz ran to Germany's coach and hugged him. Meanwhile, The Doraemons and Tom, Jerry and Spike had been there. They were amazed... \"Wow...\" \"I do not imagine that Joachim 'Jogi' Löw is her uncle.\" \"Germany's manager is her uncle... Nazz, right?\" \"What' ever.\" Tom and Dora-nichov nodded, and they decided to approach close to Jogi. Right when Jogi bought popcorn, suddenly one voice appeared: \"So long, right Jogi?\" \"The Doras 7.\" Jogi smiled in cold, but happy: \"You really think you can capture me.\" \"No we don't.\" Thomas laughed. They then showed up, which Joachim felt nothing to be surprised: \"That's not surprise at all.\" \"Yeah, he does not like to be surprise currently.\" Dora-rinho laughed, but he was smashed by Dora-the-Kid later: \"Not like that idiot!\" They came to Jogi... \"What're you going to do?\" Jogi asked. But then, Dora-med III told: \"A little job.\" He quickly threw to Jogi a story: \"Do you remember the past?\" \"The past? What past?\" he did not understand. Then, Dora-med III recalled something to his ear. And then, Jogi recognized it, so he said small to Med. The gang understood and they would arrive tomorrow. A talk in tomorrow... ##### Next day... Germany's training field... The gang had to cross a river to go to the training camp of Germany. If Bastian Schweinsteiger did not contact quickly, their boat might have to wait for 1 hour. Then they finally appeared into the place where Jogi had been waiting for. Because of 2014 FIFA World Cup was closer, so they needed to be fast. Then, Dora-the-Kid told: \"Have you prepared?\" \"Sure.\" Jogi smiled: \"Come in. You would like it.\" They got inside from the help of Mesut Özil, the big eyes of Turkish accent. Joachim Löw, Germany's coach, did not waste time, he began. \"So... where should we do?\" \"Let's tell us... your past...\" \"Sure. No problem?\" \"Good.\" \"Then let's do it. I don't want to waste more. Our players have to be ready.\" Jogi warned and the gang nodded, accepting the offer. And Jogi started to tell... About Benedikt, Joachim's great father...[Chapter 18] June 1914... Lawrence and Mahmud spoke something funny together. Meanwhile, Aziz Pasha, the happy Pasha, was spending his moment by a Mexican song. Unlike Djemal who never went to Mexico, he had been there. \"Ah... un estilo hermoso... para marchar en el desierto...\" (Oh... a beautiful style... to march on the desert...) \"He spoke Spanish so much. And I even thought he spoke Spanish from Chilean dialect.\" Mr. Brighton said to Fuad: \"He should not do this this time.\" \"Who know sir? It was his favorite job.\" Fuad disappointedly answered: \"Djemal would not do this.\" \"Did he ever go to Mexico, Cuba or Chile, Colombia, Argentina, Brazil and Venezuela?\" Mr. Brighton suspected, but Fuad answered shocked him: \"Yes, but he was in Chile, America, Mexico, Argentina and Brazil only.\" Mr. Brighton slapped his face as he never mentioned on it before. But the time did not allow the teacher to stay. Instead, he chose to leave early. Spike and Ultranium also felt tired, so they nodded for Mr. Brighton... And they came to find Lawrence. But meanwhile, Lawrence already left this place. Mahmud Effendi before left also want Lawrence to keep the promise... ##### \"Lawrence...\" \"I'd go. Why?\" \"You will leave? It's so soon...\" \"I'm sorry... but right now, I cannot stay. I've to return to my business.\" \"Okay. I want you... to keep a promise.\" \"What promise?\" \"I want us... to meet again, in two different lines.\" \"You meant... in the frontier.\" \"Everywhere. I knew that the Bosnian crisis and the Balkans wars had been one of main causes to start an international war. But I needed to meet you one last moment, a moment... like a friend. Maybe we still alive... but maybe not.\" \"Hhhmmm... if you say so, I agree. One day.\" Lawrence only used the sign: mocking his eye. But Mahmud understood, and he left away. Lawrence also went. Later, he met Mr. Brighton. \"Mr. Brighton!\" \"Lawrence!\" Mr. Brighton smiled: \"Will we leave this place? I think our business has been done in here.\" \"Yeah. Me too. Let's go.\" They both agreed that and they finally left the place. So they allowed Aziz to leave the residence. However Aziz stilled want them to stay by inviting them to go further, but Lawrence used his mouth, successfully denied the request. Failed, Aziz had to return back to his job. Meanwhile, Lawrence and the others went home. But only one thing... Benedikt Löw, the man they met before, hadn't been said goodbye. Benedikt looked from the window, and he shook his head... \"Hah... boys today...\" ##### Afternoon... T. E. Lawrence after drove the car and got back to his tent he was staying alone. Not because of Dahoum, but because of other... He always thought about it: the promise. But he would not want to attend on any conflicts. Even so the time did not count on. From now on, he had to think about it. So many times. He stilled not understand why, and how could he say that. Dahoum meanwhile doing everything he could to finish the exploration day. This day did not have much achieve so success came so less. They only waited one minute to do, but due to Lawrence's absent, they did not know what to do more. But with T. E. Lawrence, he did not mention on... \"لورانس! تعال هنا! لدينا شيء لك.\" ( Lawrence! Come here! We have something for you. ) He did not answer too. Nobody understood. Selim Ahmed tried to find out but Lawrence rejected his request. Nothing could change Lawrence's mind currently... T. E. oh T. E. ... But the legend was continuing...[Chapter 19] Dahoum stood for long but he received no answer. Unlikely for him, Lawrence was thinking a lot, about the promise. Why? Something told on his mind that Mahmud did not joke. Mahmud's eyes, Mahmud's face,… everything proved that Mahmud was telling the truth. But with a Effendi, to telling like this was not quite confident, so he didn't tell much. Instead, he focused on the moves of the examination. But something really funny was waiting for him… ##### Night… After the dinner, T. E. left the position, saying that he would not worry about it, but inside he stilled feel upset. Mr. Brighton did not understand, but he knew that someone needed to be lonely, so he ordered the others to leave. Mr. Brighton and T. E. Lawrence were like father and son, so definitely T. E. Lawrence had a trouble. But what trouble? He wanted to approach inside… but he could not. He even did never allow to intervene on Lawrence's mind, so he decided to let Lawrence go. Unlike him, Dahoum felt strained, which let Dahoum to escape from the dinner and he tried to get through. But once again, Lawrence rejected it… Unlikely… ##### 11:01 P.M. Ottoman Syria… \"T. E.! Are you alright?\" Dahoum once again did the same, but there was no reply. Instead, Lawrence was looking into the sky, alone. Could not hold anymore, Dahoum decided he would enter through to Lawrence. \"Lawrence! It's so long! Where have you been? Dreaming?\" \"Dahoum… do you ever think that you have to keep a promise one day?\" Lawrence sudden speech scared Dahoum. Dahoum amazed as he would not answer. Lawrence then continued, but that time was Arabic: \"وأعتقد أن العرب هم أكثر ما لا يصدق في العالم. كانت الوعود، كان المنزل… لكنهم كانوا تحت الحكم التركي. توجد بها النبي محمد في عقولهم… ولكن فشلوا في الحفاظ عليه، حق؟\" ( I do think that the Arabs are the most unbelievable in the world. They had promises, they had home… but they were under Turkish rule. Their prophet Muhammad exist on their minds… but they failed to keep it, right? ) \"What are you talking about?\" Dahoum did not know why: \"This is weird? Muhammad? What? Prophet?\" \"Hhh… forget it. Do you ever have a promise?\" Lawrence asked like suspecting: \"Do you have any promise?\" \"Really?\" Dahoum still surprised: \"Promise? I… I never think about…\" \"You should do that.\" Lawrence said as he winked his eye. Dahoum did not understand, but he must go if he did not want to see Lawrence's face. But… T. E. said nothing, except he just sat down again… and looking through out his tent… And he just kept looking… ##### … \" СЛАВА У СРБИЈУ!\" (GLORY TO SERBIA!) \" BLAM!\" \" AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH…\" … \" Mit ihm!\" (Get him!) ##### \" BOOM!\" \" It was here! GET THEM!\" \" C'mon, men!\" \" Hohohohohohohoho…\" … ##### \" Why should I trust him?\" \" He is the only one who knew Arabia like counting on his fingers.\" ##### \" هل تعرف كيف الآن من دمشق؟ \" (Do you know how far from Damascus?) \" أقرب من المخيم الخاص بك .\" (It's closer from your camp.) … \" جودنيس الأتراك الآن أقرب .\" (Godness the Turks are now closer.) ##### \" Well well well… what's going on here?\" \" I think you… should… check this…\" … \" No… way!\" \" Yes it is. A non-exist person had been there.\" ##### \" Ali!\" \" Lawrence!\" \" Hello my brother!\" \" More than a brother, we're friend… now.\" ##### … \" Where are we?\" \" We are lost…\" … \" شخص ما هو الكذب تحت الأرض !\" (Someone's lying under the ground!) … \" WHAT?\" ##### \" Those Turks… thanked for you, they would be crossing.\" \" That's my plan.\" \" ?\" ##### … \" It's so proud to meet you.\" \" General Allenby! It's an honor.\" \" Maybe maybe… but now let's return back to the main job.\" \" Yes General.\" \" Do you know what's happening?\" \" Yes.\" \" And can you control it?\" \" Yes, General.\" ##### \" Kahretsin Lawrence olduğunun farkında.\" (Damn I should realize it is Lawrence.) \" Paşa, yapmanız gerekir…\" (Pasha, you should…) \" Umurumda değil! ONU GETİR!\" (I don't care! GET HIM FOR ME!) ##### \" My General… are you thinking directly?\" \" Edward… I need a plan.\" … ##### \" الله … ماذا ستفعل المقبل؟ \" (Allah… What will you do next?) \" خطة رائعة .\" (A brilliant plan.) ##### \" Don't say that something mircale is here.\" \" WHAT? What did you say?\" \" What' ever.\" ##### \" هي نزول الأتراك .\" (The Turks are going down.) \" لذلك؟ \" (So?) \" فاز علينا .\" (We won.) \" ولكن … ماذا سيحدث للعربية السعودية؟ \" (But… what'll happen to Arabia?) \"…\" ##### \" وسيكون فيصل \" ملك سوريا \".\" (Feisal will be \"King of Syria\".) \" لا تنسى الوعد الخاص بك .\" (Do not forget your promise.) ##### \" We need to help them back to their worlds.\" \" By how?\" \" We need more…\" ##### \" 1-7?\" \" Yes. Your favorite Royal team is lost.\" \" Oh…\" \" They need to be fixed.\" ##### \" Bunu kullanamayız. Tehlikeli bir şey.\" (We cannot use this. It's dangerous.) \" Merak etme. Bir planım var.\" (Do not worry. I've a plan.) ##### \" Will it be alright?\" \" I hope so… hope so…\" ##### \" The promise… Promise Promise…\" ##### … And it had come…[Chapter 20] \" Lawrence… Lawrence…\" \" T. E. Lawrence, come over here.\" ##### \" معركة الخاص بك هو مجرد بداية .\" (Your battle is just the beginning.) ##### \" Benim için öldür sürtüğü!\" (Kill the bitch for me!) \" İstediğin gibi.\" (Like your wish.) ##### \" T. E. Lawrence?\" \" It's my short name.\" \" Okay?\" \" Thomas Edward Lawrence. My full name.\" \" Now you're scaring on me.\" \" Don't be ridiculous.\" \" Oh… fine.\" ##### … \" Where will you go?\" \" Find who they're.\" \" Where?\" \" In every source I can.\" ##### \" This is Halloween day…\" \" And I'm an Arab hunter.\" \" Hahahahahaha…\" ##### … \" I need more information. Who are they, now!\" \" Nobody know, Sir.\" \" Well then… take a look.\" … \" Impossible…\" ##### … \" The Turks are sending troops to here.\" \" Then… change the plan. I've already prepared for this.\" ##### … \" Go go go go…\" \" Well… brother?\" \" What?\" \" Wanna pray?\" … \" Sure.\" ##### ... \" Allahu Akbar!\" \" الله معنا .\" (Allah's with us.) \" ربي، لورنس ...\" (My Lord, Lawrence...) \" لا تقلق . وهو العقل المدبر لدينا .\" (Don't worry. He's our mastermind.) ##### \" Why?\" \" It's nonsense.\" \" Now what? Arabia's Felix?\" \" Calm down. Soon we'll find out why.\" ##### ... \" We don't understand.\" \" It's easy. Here...\" ... \" Ahh... Now, let's rock.\" ##### \" Bir saçmalık, Salim buradasın.\" (You're a bullshit, Salim.) \" Ben denedim. Lütfen...\" (I've tried. Please...) \" Artık yok! Sen öl!\" (No more! You're die!) \" Bekle.\" (Hold on.) ... \" Gerçekten mi?\" (Really?) \" Yes... and everything under my control...\" ##### \" هيا ! ويجب أن نساعد !\" (C'mon! We must help!) ... \" Hhhh...\" \" الرمال ... عاصفة رملية ! تشغيل !\" (Sand... SAND STORM! RUN!) \" RRRUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNN...!\" ##### \" Move move move...\" ... \" Let's get out of here...\" ##### \" No way!\" \" Ice?\" \" What thing? Ice in the desert?\" ##### ... \" Please Miki...\" \" Ateş!\" (Fire!) ... \" No...\" ##### \" أنها الحرب ...\" (It's war...) \" فيصل، ماذا ستفعل المقبل؟ \" (Feisal, what will you do next?) \" دعونا نجعل سلفه إلى بيروت .\" (Let's make an advance to Beirut.) ##### \" Lawrence! Lawrence! Lawrence...\" \" Me?\" \" It's you, Lawrence! You're Arabia's hero! Bravo Lawrence!\" ... \" Lawrence...\" ##### \" Fighting like this is lame.\" \" Then go back to Cairo!\" \" Nonsense! I'll never use this plan!\" \" Who gave this order? You are on my duty!\" \" Like Bolivians disobeyed their President?\" \" We're not Bolivians! We are Britons!\" \" Yeah... but acting like Bolivians? Sure.\" \" You...\" ##### \" Damn it...\" \" RUN! RRRRRRUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNN!\" ##### \" What will you do... huh?\" \" I'll...\" ... ##### \"Wake up! WAKE UP, LAWRENCE!\" Suddenly, Lawrence woke. He did not know why... \"Uh...\" \"You've been sleep all night! All night long.\" And... \"Huh?\"[Chapter 21] Now… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"You meant… Lawrence was warned?\" Dora-the-Kid mentioned on it… \"What else? Let's wait tomorrow.\" Spike decided that they must get a relax: \"We will watch it few days later, when the World Cup opening… began.\" \"Awww…\" Dora-rinho got a bit disappointment: \"I'm going to listen Enrique Iglesias's Bailando.\" \"Can you shut up?\" Tom was not satisfied: \"Don't say going anywhere, just do your own work.\" Then he took the bed and jumped on it. A night for the gang… until the World Cup opening… ##### 11 June, 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The gang caught the bus, the green one, and get into São Paulo, Brazil's most populous city. Since Rinho and Kid spoke Portuguese, they helped the gang a lot on the way to go to the Arena Corinthians. The newly-builded stadium would be the stage for the opening ceremony. But they did not care on it, they wanted to seek did Lawrence have any relative to Brazil. \"Why Lawrence got a secret story in Brazil?\" Jerry's suspicious turned high. \"That's suspicious. We only believed that Lawrence spent most times in Arabia, Turkey and Europe, but never found a secret information like this.\" It was Wang Dora: \"So now on, we must continue to seek it. Let's read.\" \"Agree agree… but will we found more?\" Doraemon and Spike looked each others. They both either had to prepare for this. What would happen? They took the book inside Dora-the-Kid's bag and started reading it. A new chapter was being opened… ##### June 1914… Ottoman Syria… \"This is so strange…\" Lawrence watched on it. He and his Arab group were totally very tired but focusing carefully on the ruins. Mr. Brighton had been saying bye in the morning to be returning Egypt so Lawrence must continue without him. Dahoum, Lawrence's little friend, this was one of his chances to tell: \"T. E.? Are you alright?\" Lawrence did not answer. Instead, he just focused on like a losing soul person. Dahoum tried to tell many times but he did not answer. All... Where's Lawrence? \" Why? What's going on? \" \" The death of Archduke? \" \" The battle... \" \" Turkish Bey... \" \" Mr. Brighton... Newcombe... \" \" Lord... Lord... \" \" Syria... Transjordan... Egypt... \" \" The Government... what are they thinking in Arabia? \" \" Leaving here. But... \" \" The Bedouins... The Bedouins... \" \" The Doras! Who are the Doras? \" \" Dynamites! Use it to ruin the Turkish railway. \" \" War... \" \" It must be destroyed! For Arabia's future! \" \" Seeking the Turks... \" \" Helping the Britons to advance... \" \" When the Ottoman fall... what will we do? Will we have a homeland? A nation? Hejaz? Syria? Iraq? \" \" Only time can answer... \" \"BWAH!\" Lawrence opened himself. He realized that he was stucked on his own brain... He thought too much so Dahoum must carry a ton of water to pull down: \"Wow... what happened?\" \"Chicharito! Chicharito! Chicharito...\" \"CHICHARITO?\" Dahoum said \"Chicharito!\" so it was unnormal... Then... ##### Now... \"Chicharito?\" Dora-the-Kid's face turned black: \"Rinho, can you stop saying 'Chicharito'? I almost thought this book written 'Chicharito' in here!\" \"Oh...\" Rinho was calm: \"I thought...\" \"THERE'S NO 'CHICHARITO' THERE, DUMBASS! IF YOU LIKE THEN GET YOUR FUCKING HELL ASSES TO GUADALAJARA IDIOT!\" El Matadora screamed: \"You must shut up! I'm reading!\" \"You are reading or we?\" Dora-the-Kid noticed on. But Matadora rejected to say: \"What? Nothing else, okay? Let's march on...\" They did read it, and once again, they continued their way... ##### June 1914 Ottoman Syria... \"Lawrence! Wake up! Day sleeping again!\" Dahoum called immediately: \"What's wrong with you?\" \"I don't know, really don't know either.\" Lawrence shook his head. He really did not understand why, but in fact, he also chose not to ask. And he completely returned back to the job, and thanked for Selim Ahmed, Lawrence finally enjoyed back to the ruins, then at noon he gave it to the British Commissionaire and they decided to cooperate with him. These jobs, also it was huge, but Lawrence always felt happy to do this. It was so excited for Lawrence... Until... few days later... ##### 27 June, 1914 Ottoman Palestine... A day in Palestine, part of Ottoman Empire. In there, Lawrence began to carry these ruins back to the Commissionaire where they would work with the German side in order to discover the ancient Arabia. Spike was driving a roll-royce, an old one. \"Lawrence, are you sure?\" \"Everything is on my way. My problem... I had kicked it out few days ago.\" \"Good. Working here is not easy you know?\" \"I know. Besides, I never think it was so easy today. Hahahaha...\" Lawrence laughed. Spike also smiled like nodding with him: \"That's Lawrence I'm looking for!\" \"Yes...\" but T. E. Lawrence while talking happily he suddenly saw a shadow. \"Hah!\" this shadow... \"What the...\" this shadow... no, not just one, it was these shadows! These shadows are reviving Lawrence's brain. T. E.'s dream came back from few days before... The shadows of a man wearing royal clothes, having the rings of lucky, with a woman. They also sat on a same royce like Lawrence, but they were cheered by people in here... And finally, a gun exploded... \"BLAM!\" \"Huh?\" Two shadows... it had fallen. They fell down without a help. The killer was captured, jailed and finally died in there... but this cause the war, which included some giant warships, tanks, MG, religious leaders... And it came so fast... \"Huh?\" Lawrence's now truly found that he was on a dream. But it was not lying: it happened again. Again, like a circle. He looked at this dream all time... even almost losing these carrying ruins... if the grey bulldog did not notice back: \"LAWRENCE! ARE YOU ALRIGHT?\" \"Uh? Oh...\" Lawrence turned its face back: \"Thank you. Thanks for calling on me. Are we there yet?\" \"More than that, Thomas Edward... we are officially been here.\" T. E. Lawrence received a handsome answer from Spike: \"Welcome to the commissionaire camp.\" That's it, the commissionaire camp. They placed it in Palestine beach, where they could prepare to talk with. But in here, one of the most special guests was there. Under the white camps, appeared by the sun, a man wore Arab clothes walked out from the dark. That man... he was a leader, who responsible for Ottoman Syria, including Palestine. A long bearded person, black, but his voice totally invited even the unlikely people... With little shoes background, he was... It was... \"Lord Abdullah.\" Spike slapped happily: \"It's an honor to meet the son of Sharif.\" \"Salaam mualaykum. Our traditional welcome. Mr. Arnold is waiting for you.\" Lord Abdullah said with a warm appearance: \"Please come in. I must get ready for this. And... Mr. Lawrence, come in, come come please. C'mon!\" Being encouraged like this, Lawrence would be loving it: \"Thanks. I'm coming.\" They participated into the camp and started to tell anything about the ruins. ##### Now... \"And they will...\" Tom almost finished it until he saw the book: \"Oh dear...\" The bus is getting closer to São Paulo, where Brazil would face Croatia at the Arena Corinthians. But Jerry realized that why Tom was silent... \"Oh... I see. Lawrence did not share much about this. He just gave these ancient evidences then left.\" \"Really? Over 100 years, rat.\" Tom put his hand on with a bit disappointment: \"Like those dummy Azkals I saw before.\" \"You hate the Philippine soccer team, I know, because you said that they just used foreign players, and even you fucked them because they beat Vietnam in Mỹ Đình. But there's NO PHILIPPINES HERE! Focus please!\" Spike yelled: \"You are talking about Lawrence, or about the Azkals?\" \"Wow wow... I do not mean...\" Tom tried to make some fun: \"Calm, bros, sometimes I feel like...\" \"Racist? Yeah, with your mouth.\" Wang poisoned Tom's heart that the cat must use a gun. But the driver spoke: \"Can you please be quiet?\" \"Wow... you know English? Most Brazilians don't like English.\" Doraemon was amazed about the driver's English skills but he kept telling: \"You really think Brazilians speaking English is worse than Spanish? Yes, but I'm not like this. I speak English everyday. I never forget to learn it, because I realize that one day we will host the second World Cup.\" He said happily: \"Hahaha... Well, guys, what story you are talking for?\" \"An old story, but you should not care. You need to drive, sir, or the bus will hit somebody on the road. It might be...\" but while Dora-med III was about to warn, suddenly, the bus losing control. They heard a huge blow under the bus. \"BAM!\" \"Wow wow wow...\" Dora-nichov found that danger, he quickly harmed by keeping the brake. He held and did it easily, so different for a Russian man whose main car was... wolfs. \"(Oh dear...)\" If it had been Arjen Robben or Vincent Kompany, they would blame for this actions: idiot. So they decided that they must get ready to stay at the street. Jerry, Tom and Spike smelt something... like gum. \"Gum... hhhmmm...\" They looked down and found that... the reason for the bus losing control... \"Oh dear... seems like your tire had been blown on the street.\" \"Oh no! Damn fuck China!\" the driver, he was unhappy after all: \"The Chinese created these tires and now look at their tires! Junk!\" Wang must be blind because he could not imagine behind these tires: Chinese flags. Made in China. That's why the world considered China is the world's largest factory of liar. Every Chinese goods exported to other nations must have 50% fake... no, over 70-85%, or 90%... \"Those damn Chinese they made these things and it explained why China never won a World Cup, or even qualifying or hosting the second World Cup. I wish it was American tires.\" Listening on this, Dora-the-Kid's feeling rose again, back to 1994, the year when the Serbian Mexican Bora Milutinovic coached the Yanks... ##### 4 July, 1994 Carson, California \" O... says can you see! By the dawn early light! What so proudly we hailed at the twilight last gleaming... Who brought stripe and bright stars... through the perilous fight... O... the rampage we watched and so gallantly streaming And the rocket red glares... the bomb bursting in air... Gave prove through the night that our flag was still there... O! Say does that star spangled-banner yet wave... O the land of the free... and the home... at the... BRAVE!\" The United States anthem: the star-spangled banner, sounded heroic. Kid, after he was allowed to back home from Bosnia over two months, had been participating in the stadium... That day was the day when the United States faced on Brazil, in their historic Independence Day. With Americans, it was truly a dream, a historic dream become true. On the bench, Brazil's manager Carlos Alberto Parreira and US's counterpart Bora Milutinovic shook its hand and returning to their places. Dora-the-Kid, as a veteran, ran down and spent a moment to ask... \"Hey Mr. Velibor?\" \"Ola! Who are you?\" Milutinovic, the Serbian guy using his Spanish skills to welcome, then changed back to English: \"Wow... you are...\" Seeing a man got two bright ears like a cat, mustaches, having a cowboy hat, wearing American clothes, he quickly knew the detail: \"So... you wanna know about the 1986 edition?\" \"Mexico 1986? Yes.\" Dora-the-Kid mentioned on it: \"So... can you tell me what's your success recipe?\" \"You really think about it, don't you?\" Bora smiled, but he also mentioned: \"Well... before I coached a national team, I suddenly bought one movie...\" \"Movie?\" Kid bowed down but not understand. Even so, Milutinovic said: \"This movie mentioned me back to 1962, where it was first shown. That man... he totally inspired me by his skills. He talked to me: 'Just run and attack, run and attack. Combine it and you will not have to use much, but you will make their weaknesses... to be discovered.'\" \"So who make you like this?\" \"I think... thank you, Lawrence... for guiding me...\" Dora-the-Kid did not know much but he totally felt that something was existed... And it was right there... ##### Now... \"Velibor Milutinovic?\" Kid suddenly remembered back to 1994: \"T. E. Lawrence? Velibor Milutinovic?\" They were taking a break in a mobile cafeteria and eating hamburgers, no speaking. Kid came to inside... And he put from Thomas's bag the book... \"Tommy Tommy... I must check on it.\" He got a place and read the book quickly... and he knew that it must be having something funny behind... But also... the driver started giving a... Look on his face, this must be... \"Oh dear... you have to wait until 11:30. Do you want to call another bus?\" \"(Shit...)\" Dora-nichov totally disappointed: \"(WHY?)\" \"Oh damn it...\" Spike and El Matadora touched on its faces: \"WHY? Great, we don't want to waste our money, so just relax in here.\" They watched on everything, but they felt surprise when Kid's focusing on the book. They put the hamburgers and posed others: \"What is happening more?\" More things... were waiting for them...[Chapter 22] \"Lawrence, our business is not done yet. We need your help respectively.\" Lord Abdullah's answer totally attracted T. E. \"So My Lord, I do suggest that we should get ready to build a base so that we can easily focus on these ruins.\" \"Of course, Thomas Edward. I do believe that we need to do this. But to prepare for it, you need…\" \"Yes, we need…\" Lawrence tried to speech, but suddenly, his brain turned light. It was too light that he could see nothing… \" Lawrence, you must go! Not longer, Ottoman will launch a war!\" \" Lawrence…\" \" Lawrence, be careful…\" … \"Huh?\" Lawrence woke up, looked to Lord Abdullah. This time, Lord Abdullah was talking to his counterpart from Iraq, so Lawrence got more times to think. But he knew that he should not talk, but instead working. So he began… He watched everywhere and then he called: \"Guys! Let's stop talking! We've a ton of job to do! GO GO GO…\" All the gang started together, believing on future. Dahoum saw the face of Lawrence, mentioning about one day that Lawrence would bring Dahoum to Lawrence's house… \" Welcome home, Dahoum…\" \" Thanks, sir.\" \" I know, I know.\" \" Yes. I'd love this.\" \" I… know… I… know… I… … … … … know… … … …\" … … … \"Dahoum?\" \"Wow…\" Dahoum awoke from his day dream: \"Thanks. I think…\" \"Don't say anything. Just working on. Then, we will have a small dinner.\" \"…Geez… thanks…\" Dahoum began to work harder and harder. He did not feel tired at all. He worked for everything: Lawrence, Arabia, Arab cultures, belief,… this was totally a difficult business but Dahoum, with just hands only, he started bowing the earth. He kept working on, looking through the sand,… kept bowing, ruining the sand… And he did do it… ##### Night… The moon fallen down so fast. The weather of desert was totally different: at day: hot; night: cold. The cold of Syria was influenced by the Europeans… \"Haizz, so cold, man.\" \"Yes, my Lord.\" \"I know. Thomas, you have known a lot about it.\" \"Yup. After 4-5 years in Syria, Transjordan, I've known so much about the situation.\" \"Great, great. Well… do you know my wish?\" Lord Abdullah surprisingly told about his wish. Lawrence stood his eyes up, looking after the table, to watch everyone that do not count on Lord Abdullah's. Then, when all turned quiet, or speaking together, they just started… \"You mean…\" \"This… is…\" … … … … … … … … \"Okay?\" \"Yeah. That's my dream I always talk to Feisal.\" \"Feisal?\" \"My brother, Governor of Arabia. Trust me, you'll like him.\" Just listening to Abdullah, suddenly Lawrence felt something. His brain went to sick, heart went to heat, mouth smelt nothing… What was that mean? \" Lawrence. Welcome…\" \" Thank you, My Lord.\" \" Well… what have you brought here?\" \" My friends gave me the Spix's Macaws.\" \" Spix's Macaws?\" \" Brazilian blue birds. I must tell you that one is male, one is female.\" \" Good, good. But you should match on my eagle. He's very brave and awesome.\" \" Glad to meet you, my Lord\" … \"Alright, Lawrence.\" Voice from Lord woke up T. E., again: \"Nearly million year, we followed Saud the Great, but Saud had gone too fast. And now, under the Turkish rules, we still remain one day we shall have back our beloved home.\" Abdullah spoke with hopeful and dreams, to saying the truth. Lawrence then nodded shockingly, and he just gave brushed teeth: \"Yes, I'll… but it… it is not my business, my Lord.\" \"Ahhh… don't be so covered, Thomas.\" Abdullah kept encouraging, with fearless. His eyes showed shiny, while his hand warmed Lawrence's. Lawrence soon knew the heat, and he watched to Dahoum. \"Dahoum?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Will you keep this? I'm don't want to be heated like this. If…\" Lawrence stunning, within his food to go down. His face also saw something white… white… white… White… White… White… … … \" Хајде да убијемо надвојвода!\" (Let's kill the Archduke!) \" Тачно!\" (Exactly!) … \" СРБИЈА ФОРЕВЕР!\" (SERBIA FOREVER!) … \" The war has started. Francis Ferdinand, Prince of Austria, is gone!\" \" No way…\" \" Recall Lawrence! I wanna have him right now!\" … \" Mr. Clayton?\" \" Just call me Gilbert.\" … \" You should have cared for your mouth!\" \" Then what?\" \" Listen…\" … \" ALLAHU AKBAR!\" \" كبيرة جداً . الآن، من أنت؟ \" (Very great. Now, who are you?) \" عودة أبو تي . زعيم شعبي !\" (Auda abu Tayi. Leader of my people!) \" هل أنت مجنون؟ لورانس، عودة قد يكون لها بعض …\" (Are you insane? Lawrence, Auda might have some…) \" ثق بي، أنها سوف تصبح أفضل أصدقائنا .\" (Trust me, they'll become our best friends.) … \" Nereden geliyorlar?\" (Where did they come from?) \" Paşa, emin değilim, ama sanırım bir hastanesinden onlar.\" (I'm not sure, Pasha, but I do believe they're from an asylum.) \" Peki güçlerin bir ton vardı neden?\" (So why they had a ton of powers?) \" O halde… bilmiyorum.\" (In that case… I do not know.) … \"What's happened?\" Dahoum asked. Lord Abdullah even looking on T. E. But T. E. shook his head, sign that he was feeling nothing. Then he finished the dinner and walked away… ##### 12 June, 2014 São Paulo, Brazil Arena Corinthians… \" THE MATCH BETWEEN BRAZIL AND CROATIA IS NOW ON STARTED! \" Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons opened its eyes when Brazil began to fight against Croatia. Before it, Brazil also challenged Croatia's rival Serbia, which Hulk beat Serbia 1-0. But even what rival, Brazil must be careful with these men from Balkans. Croatia also got in hand two Brazilians: Eduardo and Sammir. But the match did not distract them already. Dora-med III and Nichov quickly grabbed it: \"So then? What happened next?\" They kept watching already, not realizing that it was 4'. ##### 27 June, 2014 Ottoman Syria Lawrence went out. His face was like a drunk, except that he did not drink. He did not drink much Scottish, French or Italian whisky, nor Russian vodka, except the day in Carchemish. But this was totally different… … He watched into the dark sky. The sky had so many of stars, so beautiful. It was moving circle. But why? Why Lawrence felt down and worried… \"No way… it's moving… the signs…\" \"The signs…\" another voice came into his ears. He heard it on his mind. His memory, his dream… everything was selected back. Why? Why? Why? … Why? Why? Why? … … … … \"Today… tomorrow… What will happen?\" Suddenly, Lawrence's eyes opened. Once again, white white and white. What was that meant… … It's there… Right here… right… here… … … \" \"BOOM!\" – the Ottoman's Hejaz railway had been destroyed. Lawrence took his pistol: \"It's time, guys.\" … \"Why should I trust him?\" – General Archibald Murray asked Mr. Brighton. Mr Brighton smiled: \"He had a half-Arab blood. He traveled in Arabia, and he knew the Turks.\" \"Fine! 3 months! And I'll send seven members of The Doraemons Entente, Tom, Jerry, Spike into Arabia.\" – General Murray said to Mr. Brighton. … The railway from British Egypt crossed the Suez to Arabia… … Lawrence aimed his pistol to the Turks. Wang asked: \"What are you doing?\" T. E. Lawrence replied: \"I'll kill some Turks.\" And he shot. To the other, The Doraemons Entente, Tom, Jerry and Spike also took pistols, locked the targets. Cold-hearted, they shot too. … The bullets hit the Turks… The British aircraft bombed the Turkish base… Blasting the Turks in its own stations, military camps… … The Arab tribes seized horses and attacked the Turks. They rode their horses and camels in the desert. They attacked the Turkish train in Hejaz Railway, assaulted the Turks, and killing them. They attacked the Turks inside enemy bases and stations… … Thomas Cat, Jerry Mouse, Aleksandr Nichov, Daniel Kid, Francisco Matadora and Fernando Costão, with S. F. Newcombe meeting with Emir Faisal's man. Later they said goodbye to him when he got out. … An Ottoman Ferik was demanding for an attack against the Arabs by air force. … Lawrence, Ali and Auda shot the Turks. … Aziz Pasha, the fat Pasha with black beard was angered about the casualties: more casualties, and British appeareance. … Wang Lejun, T. E. Lawrence, S. F. Newcombe and Ahmed Muhammed I led the Arabs into the desert. … A praying moment for Allah, about Ahmed, Faisal and his people in a camp… … Tom didn't be sure about the plan when Fernando and Kawasuke were here. He demanded Spike to replace someone else. But T. E. Lawrence didn't agree. … T. E. Lawrence thought about his brother, whom was adopted by his father before: Sherman. His tears rolled from his eyes. … The Doraemons Entente, Tom, Jerry, Spike, Lawrence, General Allenby enjoyed dinner in Aqaba, with Arab servants and Emir Faisal. … The sea was so beautiful that Lawrence had to jump and run. Kawasuke, Tom, Jerry and Spike didn't do anything, instead they just watched. … Auda ibu Tayi was invited into the Revolt. His Howeitat tribe had accepted. … Greta cried about the death of Irvine, one of Sherman's friend and her former love. She tried to meet him but Wang stopped, said that she only meet his soul. A broken love. … Daniel, T. E., Spike and Sherif Ali looked on the map and decided a plan to defeat the Turks immediately. … The Turks stood carefully. No more sound. Their military band played music. … Farhad Pasha ran on his horse when the Arabs were chasing him. … The Turks captured all of an Arab family due to their cooperation with the revolt and the British. … T. E. Lawrence wasn't happy after Sherman appeareance. Daniel Kid, Aleksandr Nichov, Thomas and Sherif Ali left away. … Emir Faisal invited the gang, including Lawrence, The Doraemons Entente and Tom, Jerry, Spike and speaking about the revolt. … The British troops appeared in the gate of Jerusalem. General Edmund Allenby looked on the city. … Sherman ran away with blood. The Turks had tortured him, and he had escaped. … The British flag flew on the citadel of Jerusalem. Tom, Jerry, Spike were thanked for helping the British army attack the city and receive it back to Christians. … Sherman was kissed by a girl like… Penny Peterson. It was Flavia Peterson, and he was unconscious later. Love… … T. E. Lawrence, now like an Arab, was walking with Wang, Francisco, Daniel, Fernando, Kawasuke, Ahmed, Aleksandr, Ali and Auda about the next railway attack. … Lawrence couldn't give Gasim a chance for alive. The Doraemons Entente helped nothing but looking for Gasim's death (Gasim, Ali's minion had killed Auda's minion). … The Doraemons Entente and Tom, Jerry, Spike took the picture where Lawrence, Lawrence's dad adopted Sherman and gave him name Sherman Lawrence. … Ali Pasha used knife, smashed on Sherman's picture and warned the officers to behead him. … General Edmund Allenby played music. It was very beautiful, especially when Flavia and Sherman danced together. They were in love… No one rejected, even the mad guy like Auda. It was a cold night, but the British cheered up. … Ottoman airforce bombed the Arabs in somewhere. Emir Faisal ordered to fight, but it looked like a massive trash. Lawrence, Newcombe, The Doraemons Entente, Tom, Jerry and Spike were disappointed about it. But luckily, not many casualties. … Lawrence turned the lamp off… … The Arabs protested, demand more freedom in the nation of Ottoman Empire. … The Arabs waved for jihad against the Turks. … Flavia had been shot by the Turks in Damascus. Sherman ran to her, cried big. The Arabs, under Lawrence, waved for an attack. General Allenby then ordered Tom, Jerry and Spike to fire its artillery to Damascus. … Lawrence didn't want Sherman die. He promised that he would bring a puppy and give the name Sherman always miss spelling: Peabody, from Telarry. … Tom, Jerry, Spike potrayed as Turkish officers and used gun to kill Faiz Bey, who ordered to behead Irvine in Jerusalem. … Sherif Ali promised that he would care for the young couple if they died to Lawrence. … Tom took Sofia back to Arab camp, showed to Kawasuke an European woman. Kawasuke was surprised because she wore like a princess. … General Allenby, T. E. Lawrence, Auda ibu Tayi, Faisal, Sherif Ali… The Doraemons Entente's members… Tom Cat, Jerry Mouse, Spike the Bulldog… The American reported Lowell Thomas took a picture about them. Lowell worked for The New York Times. … They returned home. Lawrence then gave the name for Sherman's puppy named Peabody… … And under the sunset, the legends appeared slowly from the dark. No one could see them, but only them knew itself. It was the gang of Lawrence. From more dangers, they finally united… They were: Edmund Allenby, 1st Viscount Allenby. Thomas 'Tom' Cat. Jerry Mouse. Kawasuke Mon. Auda ibu Tayi. Fernando 'Rinho' Costão. Francisco 'El Matador' Matadora. Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Nichov. Ahmed 'Belik' Muhammed I. Spike the Bulldog. Sherif Ali ibn el Kharish. Daniel Kid. Wang Lejun. Emir Faisal. Him: Thomas Edward Lawrence/Lawrence of Arabia. … \" ، صحيفة الوطن !\" ( FOR COUNTRY OF ARABIA! ) – it was from Ahmed. His dream for Arabia's independence had become true in front of the Arabs. They yelled for happy, after the end of the conflict. T. E. Lawrence, the others of The Doraemons Entente, Tom, Jerry, Spike and General Allenby nodded for good, and then, they went out, looked on the new era for Arabia… \" … \"Lawrence?\" suddenly behind T. E. someone called: \"What's going on?\" \"Selim… Selim Ahmed? Dahoum?\" back Lawrence. Lawrence saw that all the people inside were leaving. He was just standing here… for nothing… But he still smelt something… really, really… … …bad… \"What'll happen?\" Lawrence… ##### São Paulo, Brazil Arena Corinthians… \" GOAL! GOAL! GOAL! \" \" GOAL FROM NEYMAR! 1-1! A DRAW! FINALLY BRAZIL GOT A DRAW! \" The noises of Brazilian fans totally surprised the gang: \"What the… 1-1? Brazil 1-1 Croatia?\" Dora-rinho saw all of this, and danced happily: \"YEAH! GO NEYMAR!\" \"Shut up! You make too much noise!\" Dora-med III yelled: \"This isn't funny. I know the match, but we must answer, why T. E. Lawrence had a mysterious story in Brazil.\" They felt the heat of the match, but they must remember why. Why? What would come later?[Chapter 23] … … … … \" Lawrence, our business is not done yet. We need your help respectively.\" Lord Abdullah's answer totally attracted T. E. \" So My Lord, I do suggest that we should get ready to build a base so that we can easily focus on these ruins.\" \" Of course, Thomas Edward. I do believe that we need to do this. But to prepare for it, you need…\" \" Yes, we need…\" Lawrence tried to speech, but suddenly, his brain turned light. It was too light that he could see nothing… … … … \" Lawrence, you must go! Not longer, Ottoman will launch a war!\" \" Lawrence…\" \" Lawrence, be careful…\" … \"Huh?\" Lawrence woke up, looked to Lord Abdullah, once again. ##### Dora-nichov spoke calmly: \"Shut up. Make a move.\" Under the book, they found more about it, in Rio de Janeiro… ##### 27 June 1914 19:05 Arabia After helping Lord Abdullah, Lawrence looked up, preparing to shut down everything on his tent: from light, fire, and pistol. He kept in and went out from the tent. After a night… \"Little day…\" He watched on the sky. But something told him that it would not be normal. The sky suddenly showed a ton of historic threats… \" NO NO…\" \" Wow wow wow… what's this?\" \" Shut up!\" … \" Move out!\" … \" أعتقد أن لديك للاحتفاظ !\" (I believe you have to keep out!) \" ويمكنك أيضا .\" (And you too.) … \" Do you know what?\" \" Lawrence!\" … \" Go go go go…\" \" The Turks! They're here!\" \" Damn it…\" … \" إجازة !\" (LEAVE!) \" ربي …\" (My Lord…) \" قلت الخروج ! لقد عانينا الكثير من الإصابات !\" (I said get out! We suffered a lot of casualties!) … \" What can we do next?\" \" Bombing railway.\" \" At first, hijacking the station. These Turks are in there!\" \" Really?\" \" Trust me.\" \" Why should I trust you?\" … \" Bence bu şakayı sona erebilir.\" (I think we can end this joke.) \" O zaman?\" (Then?) \" Ne dersin… oldukça tedavi öldürmekle mi?\" (How about… murdering the Pretty Cure?) \"\" (You got my way Ahmed!) \"\" (Trust me the Brits will know… after we ruin them by the Cures…) … \" Lawrence… be careful…\" … … … … … \" BLAM!\" ##### Lawrence! He'd again reminded the future… And yet, he stood up, walking lonely and turned down. He felt that nothing could stop it. He now realized that, the truth would not be changed. Everything was under control, but not for him. It was under the God. Soon, the war would invite the Arabs, his beloved people that he met for 4 years. And he ran back to his tent. He went to the sleep… …sleep… …sleep… … … … … ##### June 2014 São Paulo, Brazil Arena Corinthians… In Brazil, all the stars gathered. Brazil faced Croatia. The stands were burning. Brazil got the third. 3-1! Oscar! Neymar scored twice, one of them was from a mistake of Yuichi. Brazil 3-1 Croatia. Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doraemons jumped. \"3-1!\" \"Brasil!\" Of course Croatia's fans got mad. They did not like this. None of them. Croats blamed for the referee's mistake, but most of them believed that Japanese had a large influence in Brazil, so Japanese wanna see Brazil than Croatia. \"Damn, Empire of Japan again!\" \"Japanese what are they thinking?\" Also on the stands a ton of Japanese Brazilians living there dancing on the stand. Despite the fact, none of them care. \"OLA OLA OLA…\" Tom, Jerry, Spike and The Doras saw the end. 3-1. Brazil 3-1 Croatia. END! Brasil! The opening of World Cup was ended by a 3-1 win for Brazil. They walked out from the Arena as for seeking a new moment… \"What now, Lawrence's lovers?\" \"Well said…\" \"How about walking and keep watching it?\" \"What?\" \"Lawrence of Arabia.\" \"Oh yeah…\" All of them, they nodded. They knew that was the truth. All of them left the stade. After reminding a lot they found that 3-1. Too fast… But only one thing… \"Why Sherif repeated it?\" Who know?[Chapter 24] 28 June, 1914 Sarajevo, Austria-Hungary Capital of Bosnia-Herzegovina province. Ah yeah, a day everyone remembered… A young, looked like a full-loyalist family wearing the model Austro-Hungarian Monarch walked on the cart. They kept walking on the road. In the road where so many mixed-Bosniaks, Croats, Serbs, Jews and others, it must be a fabulous day… \"Schau mal, Schatz. Ja, es ist der Tag, an dem, den ich mit meinen Leuten beweisen werde, dass du meine Frau bist. Keine Distanz zwischen Arm und Reich, Liebe kommen zusammen.\" ( Look at this, honey. Yes, it is the day I'll prove to my people that you are my wife. No distance between poor and rich, only love come together. ) \"Dank lieber. MUA!\" ( Thanks dear. MUA! ) Archduke Ferdinand. He got a kiss from his wife, the Czech countess Sophie. They were moving on as the driver kept watching the street: \"\" ( My Prince, Governor Oskar will follow you. ) They stopped on the Governor's mansion… Currently Bosnia was governed by Oskar Potiorek, a Slovene. But the Governor seemed very hurry. He wore a bule-full militarily clothes. He ran so fast, out from the gate. His face did water from his body… \"Tut mir leid mein Erzherzog für die Verspätung. Bitte verzeih mir.\" ( Sorry My Archduke for being late. Please forgive me. ) \"Ich vergebe dir. Es ist mein großer Tag.\" ( I forgive you. It's my big day. ) ##### Meanwhile, somewhere in the street, some kind of people, looked like… street rats were lying on Sarajevo. They spoke… \"Ок Недељко, последња шанса је овде.\" ( Okay Nedeljko, your last chance is in here. ) \"Није за тебе само, зар не Мухамед?\" ( Not for you only, right Muhamed? ) \"Морамо га убити! То је Принц претња за Балкан!\" ( We must kill him! That Prince is the threat for Balkans! ) \"Ми смо Словени! Јебено Аустријски није слав! Босна је припадају Великој Балкану! Ми би да радимо, један за сада!\" ( We're Slavs! The fucking Austrian is not Slav! Bosnia is belong to Great Balkan! We should do it, one for now! ) \"Дакле… Гаврило, поносан да буде део велике балканске?\" ( So… Gavrilo, proud to be a part of Great Balkan? ) \"Ми ћемо то урадити. ЗА БАЛКАН!\" ( We will do it. FOR BALKANS! ) \" ЗА БАЛКАН! \" ( FOR BALKANS! ) ##### In the street of Sarajevo, the couple was walking by car. They watched the street, looking to the public. The people welcomed them by party, fireworks from China, and few of them even trying to jump to the car. But polices were everyone. Polices stopped the crowd. But quickly, something… … … … \"BOOM!\" … … \"WAS DIE…\" ( WHAT THE… ) ##### Ottoman Syria… \"Lawrence! These are too little!\" \"Yeah? Not enough? You're wrong. Hahahaha…\" \"C'mon, make a work!\" \"Damn it…\" Voices everywhere. T. E. Lawrence and his gang. They were walking, with Arab tribes. These tribes also sent men to assist the gang. The Arabs must be very happy, while the Turkish armed soldiers watching on… \"Hey Araplar, çabuk! Seni aptal yerine israf!\" ( Hey Arabs, quickly! You wasting fools! ) Somekind of Ottoman officers were very, very satisfied when they bully the Arabs: \"Çabuk pislikler!\" ( Hurry up assholes! ) \"Çabuk!\" ( Quickly! ) \"Eğer Araplar-meli var olmak hızlı. Bizim zaman üzerinde kaybetme yaptı!\" ( You Arabs should be fast. You made our time losing on! ) \"Deve sikişmek acele et.\" ( Hurry up camel fuckers. ) … None of them today respected the Arabs. Only Lawrence and his gang… \"It's so shame.\" \"I've to ask: why the Turks…\" \"In religion, you are friend. But they did not tell about belief, instead is about ethnic.\" \"Ethnic? What is that mean?\" \"It's a kind group of people, the people who shares same language, same place, same living style, same belief…\" \"So it has to be… same in anything?\" \"Well… yeah.\" Lawrence nodded… ##### Sarajevo, Austria-Hungary \"Недељко није успео! Он је заробљен…\" ( Nedeljko has failed! He was captured… ) Trifko looking with an unhappy and worrying face. He asked others… \"Мухамед?\" ( Muhamed? ) \"Препун говноглави.\" ( Full of dipshit. ) \"Умукни! Потребно је да променимо!\" ( Shut up! We need to change! ) … … \"Dieser Mann versucht, sich selbst zu töten, aber nicht!\" ( This man tried to kill itself, but failed! ) \"Okay. Vorwärts!\" ( Okay. Onward! ) ##### Ottoman Syria \"That's not good…\" \"What happen Lawrence?\" \"These thing are not enough. It's not like our evidence.\" \"Calm down. You will find out. Mr. Brighton, am I wrong?\" \"Hahahaha…\" Lawrence just walking with Brighton, Spike and others. Suddenly Lawrence's eyes woke up, opening it larger. The last thing he said was… \"Impossible…\" ##### Sarajevo, Austria-Hungary \"Ти си следећи на листи! Пожури!\" ( You are next on our list! Hurry! ) … On the road, the Archduke's family walking by car, again. This time, more cops, more patrols. They're expected to protect His Majesty after the failing attack. They followed him secretly… \"Beweg dich! Beweg dich! Schauen Sie sich alles hinter ihm!\" ( Move! Move! Check out everything behind him! ) … … And again, someone tried to kill him… \"УБИ!\" ( KILL! ) But he also suffered the same. The weapon did not match on the Archduke. The Serb man, member of Black Hand, Vaso, missed. Muhamed, Danilo, Nedeljko, Vaso, Veljko… all of them failed. They did not think about that. They never wanna to see this. So they looked… \"Нећемо имати прилику… Боже ФУЦКИНГ Аустриан…\" ( We will not have a chance… Gog FUCKING Austrian… ) ##### Ottoman Syria \"Lawrence! I saw it!\" \"Dahoum, good job!\" \"Thanks.\" Suddenly, T. E. heard something's very bad… Bad on his heart, his brain. He never wanna hear it… \"Oh dear.\" That did not come from the ruins. These ruins were too much to discover. It came from… ##### Sarajevo, Austria-Hungary The man, young and felt sick, walking out. He walked from a store, and looking worried… \"Проклетство… ако стиллс жив шта да радим?\" ( Damn it… if he stills alive what can I do? ) He walked out from a bread store, suddenly hearing something very loud and loud. He heard it, clearly… \"Може ли бити…\" ( Could it be… ) He was lucky… ##### Ottoman Syria Lawrence, Dahoum and Spike checked out… \"Good work!\" \"Hurry! We don't have much time!\" \"Then do it!\" They all returned back to its camp… But… \"HAH?\" Lawrence opened his eyes… ##### Sarajevo, Austria-Hungary \"Unmöglich! Wie kann es stoppen? Ich muss weitermachen…\" ( Impossible! How can it stop? I need to keep going… ) The Archduke forced his driver to be fast as the driver nodded and tried fixing the lever. The people gathered on the street… \"Pogledajte! Veliki kneza! On je ovdje!\" ( Look! The Grand Prince! He's here! ) \"Mama daj mi da vidim princa…\" ( Mama let me see the Prince… ) That man soon realized the situation. If he did not fast, he would never have had a chance. So he quickly put from his coat a book… And speaking Bosnian… \"Molim te, pusti me ispunjavaju časne nadvojvoda.\" ( Please let me meet the honorable Archduke. ) He pushed everyone out from the way. The way was short so he could qualify through before suddenly opening the book… One thing… No, that was not the papers of the book. It was a pistol! He… he had… \" ЗА СРБИЈУ! ЗА БАЛКАН! \" ( FOR SERBIA! FOR BALKANS! ) \"BLAM!\" … ##### Ottoman Syria \"Oh dear!\" Now Lawrence felt it. He soon discovered that something happened like exactly he dreamed. Only now… \"Lawrence!\" Dahoum covered for Lawrence as Lawrence walking back to the tent. Only then, Lawrence seemed like know everything from it… It had happened. …and would be the gate for the new adventure… ##### June 2014 Brazil \"Wow… so Lawrence knew it. But… by, by how?\" Doraemon just suspected but Thomas, Jerry and spike did not know. Then, they heard that… \"Senhoras e senhores, por favor, para defender o hino nacional do México.\" ( Ladies and gentlemen, please stand for national anthem of Mexico! ) Mexico vs. Cameroon. The gang decided to prepare for this. They were going to watch, so… \"Hey, let's abandon the book for a while. This time, let's watch.\" From Kid. He nodded and made a sign. Doraemon decided to leave the book. Spike, Tom, Jerry and the gang were all nodded… \"So, let's watch Mexico-Cameroon.\" And they left… ##### \"Mexicanos, al grito de guerra el acero aprestad y el bridón. Y retiemble en sus centros la Tierra, al sonoro rugir del cañón. Y retiemble en sus centros la Tierra, al sonoro rugir del cañón! Ciña ¡oh Patria! tus sienes de oliva de la paz el arcángel divino, que en el cielo tu eterno destino por el dedo de Dios se escribió. Mas si osare un extraño enemigo profanar con su planta tu suelo, piensa ¡oh Patria querida! que el cielo un soldado en cada hijo te dio. Mexicanos, al grito de guerra el acero aprestad y el bridón. Y retiemble en sus centros la Tierra, al sonoro rugir del cañón. Y retiemble en sus centros la Tierra, al sonoro rugir del cañón!\" ( Mexicans, at the cry of war, make ready the steel and the bridle, and may the Earth tremble at its centers at the resounding roar of the cannon. and may the Earth tremble at its centers at the resounding roar of the cannon! Mexicans, at the cry of war, make ready the steel and the bridle, and may the Earth tremble at its centers at the resounding roar of the cannon. and may the Earth tremble at its centers at the resounding roar of the cannon! Mexicans, at the cry of war, make ready the steel and the bridle, and may the Earth tremble at its centers at the resounding roar of the cannon. and may the Earth tremble at its centers at the resounding roar of the cannon! ) \"Ô Cameroun berceau de nos ancêtres, Va debout et jaloux de ta liberté, Comme un soleil ton drapeau fier doit être, Un symbole ardent de foi et d'unité. Que tous tes enfants du Nord au Sud, De l'Est à l'Ouest soient tout amour, Te servir que ce soit le seul but, Pour remplir leur devoir toujours. Chère Patrie, Terre chérie, Tu es notre seul et vrai bonheur, Notre joie, notre vie, En toi l'amour et le grand honneur.\" \" O Cameroon, Thou Cradle of our Fathers, Holy Shrine where in our midst they now repose, Their tears and blood and sweat thy soil did water, On thy hills and valleys once their tillage rose. Dear Fatherland, thy worth no tongue can tell! How can we ever pay thy due? Thy welfare we will win in toil and love and peace, Will be to thy name ever true! Land of Promise, land of Glory! Thou, of life and joy, our only store! Thine be honour, thine devotion, And deep endearment, for evermore. \" ( O Cameroon cradle of our ancestors, Go, upright and jealous of your freedom. As the sun, let your flag be proud, A symbol of ardent faith and unity, May all your children,from North to South From East to West, live in love! May serving you be their sole purpose To fulfill their duty forever. Dear Fatherland, dear land, You are our only true happiness. Our joy, our life To you, love and the greatest honor. )[Chapter 25] Natal, Brazil Arena das Dunas… The story between Mexico and Cameroon ended with 1-0 win from Mexico's Oribe Peralta. But Colombian referee Wilmar Roldán was blamed a lot for mistaking penalize against Mexico. ##### Rio de Janeiro… About the gang, they stood up… \"Yes! At least we passing through. Good work, Mexico!\" The gang left the bar. Mexico 1-0 Cameroon. Now they came back to hotel, where they wanna see what's next about Lawrence after the Sarajevo incident. … … … \"Brothers, check that out!\" Tom said: \"Damn, so after the death of Archduke, entire of Europe turning to chaos.\" \"Are you really sure you are right on it?\" Jerry smiled, but he seemed to be appeal \"Keep reading.\" Thomas did not waste the time anyway… \"Okay, move out! Let's see what's happened next.\" The gang once again gathered, and began… ##### June 1914 Ottoman Syria Lawrence sat down. Death of Archduke Ferdinand, later had totally become a chaos. Mr. Brighton was right about that… \"God damn it… We have to do something…\" Now, on the railway back to Sinai before going to Egypt, Lawrence returned his back to the train, to see Selim Ahmed. It could be his finest, and the last moment that he and Dahoum together. And Dahoum was hugging Spike… \"How long, Spike?\" \"Don't worry. I and Lawrence shall return.\" Dahoum then came close to Lawrence. Dahoum knew this finest moment might be the last. What about later, none of them know. They should think for it… \"Lawrence…\" \"Dahoum.\" Lawrence did not water, but his face seemed to getting… down: \"I really… really care for you, Dahoum. But I will never have a chance again, until… the end of this.\" Dahoum came close and hugged Lawrence. This moment could be the finest, but also the last. As long as they stay, the more threats would be. \"Okay, Dahoum, stay in Arabia. I believe we shall come back soon.\" \"C'mon Lawrence! It's time!\" Spike waved his hat like a signal. Lawrence soon knew this, he went back to the train, as the train started to move… \"Harekete geçelim! Zaman kimseyi beklemez! Gitmek için trene gidiniz. Sadece 30 saniye kaldı.\" ( Let's get moving! The time doesn't wait for anyone! Please go to the train. You only have 30 seconds left. ) So Lawrence gained the train, and following Spike, he said \"Goodbye\" to Dahoum. Dahoum waved his hand to repeat Lawrence… And so did it, they got sailed out from Turkey. Their next destination would be in Egypt, where Mr. Brighton waiting for him… \"So Spike…\" \"Yeah?\" \"Who will be meeting with us first?\" \"HHmmm… let's see… first will be Mr. Brighton, then will be Clayton.\" \"Gilbert Clayton? Is that him?\" \"Well, appreciatingly… yes.\" \"So, where shall we meet?\" \"In Cairo, Headquarter of British Bureau of Egypt-Sudan.\" \"Hhhhmmm… not in military headquarter do you?\" \"Well… not really. The war will come in no time. And they had to prepare everything on it.\" \"In that case, hhhmmm…\" \"Then we should do it, immediately.\" … … … … … ##### 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil … The sound looked… quiet. They felt their rooms went down some… degree… \"Damn… so they decided to go back to Egypt for their mission…\" \"More than that huh?\" \"Okay, let's sleep. We have a lot of thing to do.\" \"LET'S SLEEP!\" … … … … …[Chapter 26] And not sooner or later, war broke out… ##### October, 1914 Cairo, Egypt \"You never tell me about that shit war. Now what? Germany hypnotized Turkey and the Turks will engage war against us!\" \"I do think in a positive way, Sir…\" \"Oh yeah, what positive?\" This voice must be from John Maxwell, Chief of Egyptian squadron. Sir John Maxwell had been in Egypt when war broke out. He was ordered to hold Egypt if the Germans attacked. But now, he worried about Turkish actions. About Lawrence, he was reunited with Mr. Brighton. Him, Spike and Mr. Brighton were visiting an old pyramid. For three months they spent on the headquarter to listen about the plan to attack Arabia in case of Turkish conviction with Germany and Britain. \"It's an old pyramid, made under King Tut.\" \"Tut?\" \"Lawrence, I'm really sorry. I don't have much evidence about Tutankhamun.\" \"King Tutankhamun?\" \"Yup. Except… I've bought this.\" Mr. Brighton was talking to Lawrence respectively. And he was mentioning on the King Tut era. Egypt, the only few Arab state to have a such huge historic books, was here. Lawrence always visited Arabia, but had forgotten that Egypt is in Arabia too… \"Mr. Brighton?\" Lawrence re-asked: \"What had you bought?\" Mr. Brighton just picked up a stone, which was written in Egyptian language. But… \"Take a look: a Lord, who like a… dog? Dog?\" \"Dog?\" Lawrence felt surprised. \"A dog Lord came with his boy, and took the beauty… what the?\" Mr. Brighton was shocked… ##### June 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Estádio do Maracanã… All the stadium was surrounded with only one color: red. But two red shirts would face off: Spain the King, and Chile the challenger. Spain was smashed 1-5 by the Dutch, while Chile, ex-colony of Spain, ally of Britain, defeated Australia 3-1. \"Bullshit!\" \"How can he…\" Dora-the-Kid and Wang Dora took a moment, looking back to the book with a lot of shocks. Sherif Nasser never wrote like that? \"It is impossible. Someone almost changed history!\" \"At least we did not disappear. How good we are.\" Doraemon prayed. They watched the match for a while… \" E agora, é o hino nacional do Chile! \" ( And now, is the national anthem of Chile! ) … … … \"Puro, Chile, es tu cielo azulado. Puras brisas te cruzan también. Y tu campo de flores bordado Es la copia feliz del Edén. Majestuosa es la blanca montaña Que te dio por baluarte el Señor Que te dio por baluarte el Señor, Y ese mar que tranquilo te baña Te promete un futuro esplendor Y ese mar que tranquilo te baña Te promete un futuro esplendor. …\" ( Pure, Chile, is your blue sky Pure breezes cross you as well And your flower-embroidered fields Are the happy copy of Eden Majestic is the white colored mountain That was given to you as a bastion by the Lord That was given to you as a bastion by the Lord And that sea that quietly washes your shore Promises you a future splendor And that sea that quietly washes your shore Promises you a future splendor …) The Chilean anthem was sung by a ton of Chilean fans inside. Due to geografic border, Chile seemed to be closer than Spain. So that, mainly red army were from Chile. \"Oh mierda. No permaneceré en Brasil.\" ( Oh shit. I'll never stay back in Brazil. ) El Matadora. He talked like that. When he met Doraquedano (Manuel Baquedano), his stress turned high. About Tom and Jerry, they took a moment… \"So, this is not really… true?\" \"I don't know. Keep searching!\" They forgot what happened in the field, just focusing on the book… ##### October 1914 Cairo, Egypt Arabian Office… Lawrence walked a lot. Lots. He mentioned back to the past: seeing a dog, a boy and a girl running away from the hand of King Tut. \"What is that meaning about?\" In here, he was walking through the office. Some of British soldiers did not understand his job, looked together and questioning… \"What is he doing?\" \"Robert, stop it. I don't understand him…\" \"Hey Jewish brethren, wanna go somewhere?\" \"Robert?\" \"Nah, just go drink some tea. Edmund, shall we go?\" \"Okay Walls.\" \"See you later Mezion.\" About Lawrence, he did not stop. Not stop thinking. Gertrude Bell came to ask Lawrence: \"Are you done?\" \"Not yet.\" Lawrence still walking away: \"How could it be?\" That was strange. Even Lawrence assigned to military for 3 months, but he never wanna go to war. Suddenly… \"Hey, Lawrence, your job is over.\" Gertrude smiled: \"Clayton is waiting for you.\" \"Clayton? Oh I'm sorry I'm coming.\" Lawrence realized that Gilbert Clayton was there, so he ran out and met Clayton. ##### \"Ah, Mr. Clayton. How old are you now?\" \"How old? Do not ask me like that.\" Clayton and Lawrence hugged together before Clayton giving a question: \"Are you prepared for your next trip?\" \"Trip?\" Lawrence replied with a suspicious face: \"What did you mean?\" \"Ah, you will take a journey to meet General Maxwell. Sir Maxwell, high command of the Egyptian Squadron.\" \"Egyptian Squadron?\" \"Exactly.\" \"Okay. So where should I meet him?\" \"In the headquarter, Cairo.\" \"So… how long.\" \"I don't know, maybe for few hours, or maybe longer.\" \"Okay?\" \"So let's do this.\" Lawrence and Clayton met in private for a moment, then when they finished their meeting, they went on to meet another one: Sir Maxwell. A meeting. General Maxwell, high command of Egyptian squadron, who was taking in charge for the position. ##### Headquarter… Sir John Maxwell was granting a meeting between high commanders of British army. A special meeting about the situation in Arabia. \"It's not really well.\" \"Sir, Turkish Sultan declared war. A war against us. Russia involved into the Southern and Eastern Europe to fight against Turks-Germans-Austrians. This could become messes.\" \"Nater, what do you think?\" \"Mate, I do not think Turkey will join to the Central Powers. We need intelligence.\" \"And we have it.\" Sir John Maxwell sat in front of the door, surrounding him was his officers, commanders and the windows. The wind of Nile kept flying on the skyline, while Sir Maxwell talked about the plan, later. \"Andrew?\" \"Yes?\" \"Please, make me a sign to realize where is Turkish force.\" Andrew Brettner nodded. Andrew was the close one to Sir Maxwell, and also, a high student under Mr. Brighton. \"Without Andrew, Sir John Maxwell could do nothing\" even Sir Maxwell had to committed that. Behind him, was Lawrence's old brethren, S. F. Newcombe. And… \"Have I interrupted your meeting?\" Clayton. General Clayton. Gilbert Clayton, Brigadier-General of the Egyptian squadron, walking inside. Following him, was Mr. Brighton. And also a man standing behind them, blinded by everyone, except for John Maxwell. \"General Clayton. I'm glad you're here. Our job is not interrupted. Say, where's he?\" Sir Maxwell demanded Lawrence to be there, and Clayton knew that. So he gave words for Mr. Brighton. \"Sir, I, Mister Brighton, have offically understood your command. Okay, now's yours, Lawrence.\" T. E. Lawrence walked inside the meeting. S. F. Newcombe was the earliest to recognize T. E.: \"Ah, very surprised! Lawrence, you've back!\" \"I know, Stewart.\" Lawrence gave a smile on him: \"Sir Maxwell wanna me be there.\" \"Well said, brethren. Together, we shall meet Sir John Maxwell right here, right now.\" S. F. just laughed, while Sir Maxwell calmly recalled his business: \"Okay okay, are you happy now? Go back to work.\" Only then, they returned back from their main job. \"So, Lawrence, do you miss Dahoum?\" S. F. suddenly reminded Lawrence's Dahoum. Although Dahoum was just Lawrence's slave, but Lawrence never treated Dahoum like a slave, but more like a friend. He remembered the clip Newcombe giving him… ##### Three months ago… Cairo, Egypt \"I want you, to stay calm, okay?\" Newcombe tried to curb Lawrence, and Lawrence nodded. Then, the clip was taken to show, as for Lawrence only. Newcombe walked outside… All of his journey appeared on his head… ##### 1909 Carchemish, Ottoman Syria The first day he met Dahoum, a street boy who holding a junk of food, while Ottoman police laughed: \"Bak şu aptal çöp Arap. O pislik ve aptal. Yemek için ister evlat?\" ( Look that dumb garbage Arab. He's scum and stupid. Wanna some food, boy? ) \"Uhhh…\" Dahoum did not know, so they threw on him a bone and a broken cup: \"Al bunu, sokak faresi! Hahahaha…\" ( Here, grab this, street rat! Hahahaha… ) Dahoum just put in, and spoke nothing. Meanwhile, Lawrence quickly discovered his tragic story… \"أنا لست مثل ذلك.\" ( I'm not like that. ) … … … \"I know you are not like that.\" Huh! Dahoum found the voice. He did not speak that language. It must be a foreigner. He looked back and saw… Lawrence. T. E. and another Arab assistant. He spoke something while that Arab translate it: \"أنه يريد منك أن تصبح له صبي الماء.\" ( He wants you to become his water boy. ) \"صبي الماء؟\" ( Water boy? ) \"نعم، أنه يريد لك أن تفعل ذلك. هل كنت تعمل معه؟ ويبدو أنه جداً مثلك.\" ( Yeah, he wants you to do that. Do you work with him? He seems very like you. ) That Arab finished his translate in here, leaving Dahoum – Selim Ahmed – a hard decision. He needed a job when he had no family nor home. … … … … … \"حسنا. صفقة!\" ( Okay. Deal! ) Dahoum agreed with Lawrence's demand. From now, he worked for Lawrence… ##### Through 1910-1914, he and Lawrence spent time together… … Walking on the beaches, looking to the sky… … Working in ruins… … Saying Arabic and English… … Disguiting as women… … Play together… … Learning tribes… … On the camels… … Selling stuffs together… … Meeting Jewish communities… … Laughing, sharing pains together… … And more… … … … … … …but the most special, was the last day they met… …before war… … … … ##### July 1914 Cairo, Egypt \"Huh!\" Lawrence awakened from the memory. The clip was ended few minute. Newcombe invited Lawrence to go out, and used tea together… ##### October 1914 Cairo, Egypt Headquarter… \"Now, Lawrence, sorry for being late, but I've a few question for you.\" Sir Maxwell demanded to Lawrence something. T. E. answered: \"I see, but… what did you want from me Sir?\" Sir Maxwell smiled, and… not happy: \"I know you're well-graduated. But I do ask: a man who never approach, or even exist in military, joining the war is a good decision?\" \"By somehow, Sir. I – Lawrence – will make sure about that.\" \"You know, the Turks are advancing. Although they do not declare war yet, but as you can see, Turkish army will not be standing there any longer. Soon they will enjoy it to the Germans, or us.\" \"We can convince Russia…\" \"Russia will not accept Turkey as their ally. Russians consider Turkey as their eternal enemy due to different beliefs. We are trying, but I fear that the fear of Russian influence will led the Turks into the war as Germany's brethren.\" \"What can we do now?\" \"I order you, from over two years, you must stay in Egypt, and do everything that help us discovering Turkey, in case. If Turkey enters, it will be helpful for us.\" \"Yes Sir.\" Lawrence did accept this mission, thus it would not be simple: \"I'll not let you down.\" From then, he went away and his mission… started… now. ##### June 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Estádio do Maracanã… Chile was fighting in the battle against Spain. And from a counter-attack, the ball was passed… \"It's Eduardo Vargas!\" \"Vai ser um gol! Espere, Iker Casillas rapidamente repele a bola…\" ( It will be a goal! Wait, Iker Casillas quickly repulses the ball… ) \"No, no es justo! Casillas había rechazado pero no lo suficiente. Ahora lo stills en Vargas. Y dispara!\" ( No, not right! Casillas repulsed but not strong enough. Now it stills on Vargas. And he shoots! ) \"OBIETTIVO! OBIETTIVO! GOL DI EDUARDO VARGAS! 1-0 per il Cile!\" ( GOAL! GOAL! GOAL FROM EDUARDO VARGAS! 1-0 for Chile! ) \"הו כן כן! אין פלא! אדוארדו ורגאס הצ'יליאני שבר את הצלילים! 1-0 עבור צ'ילה!\" ( Oh yes yes! No wonder! Chile's Eduardo Vargas broke the sounds! 1-0 for Chile! ) \"Nie erwähnt, dass…\" (Never mention about that… ) \"Είμαι Έλληνας Χιλής, αυξάνεται σε Σαντιάγο hahaha, και είμαι ευτυχής να δω αυτό το αποτέλεσμα.\" ( I'm a Chilean Greek, growing in Santiago hahaha, and I'm glad to see that result. ) \"Ett mål från Eduardo Vargas är tillräckligt bra. Spanien måste nu att avsluta det, om de inte vill förlora Chile för första gången.\" ( A goal from Eduardo Vargas is good enough. Now Spain must finish it if they don't want to lose Chile for the first time. ) \"يتم ركل الكرة مرة أخرى. شيلي 0-1 إسبانيا.\" ( The ball is kicked again. Spain 0-1 Chile. ) … \"What the heck?\" Dora-med III watched again. Spain 0-1 Chile. Now what? He was mentioning and… \"Dora-med?\" Wang Dora called him back: \"It's time. I guess Lawrence found something on his mission. GO!\" Doraemon and the gang were eyes-opened: \"WHAT?\" \"Trust me, it is no longer same like the past, before.\" Wang Dora told before demanded to continue: \"Let's get the hell out of this match for a moment. We will continue to look on it.\" They moved back to Lawrence of Arabia, making their journey more longer than usual… Lawrence… Lawrence… Lawrence… … … … …[Chapter 27] 1914 Cairo, Egypt Arabian Office… \"I don't think so.\" Sir Maxwell talked to Jordan, his assistant: \"Do you think this could work when we have no plan B? I don't think so.\" He worried was right. Turkey, despite not having declared war yet, but they seemed to show their pro-German, through Enver Pasha. They knew that not sooner or later, they must fight the Turks. They questioned together. \"What do you think? General Kitchener…\" \"I don't think same like him okay?\" So much of trouble… ##### Meanwhile, getting through Egypt, generally Lawrence spent his day to get through the city and even going far from Cairo. Madame Gertrude just followed him behind, and asking for something different. \"Lawrence, have you finished yet?\" \"Yet, I'm still working.\" \"With somebody like Sir Maxwell, he will say 'bullshit'.\" \"I know, I know. But right now it is not a rightful moment for him to speak.\" Lawrence and Bell spent a moment. Now, they were in Suez Canal, the first canal on the world. Sometimes, Lawrence wished to be in Panama too. It might be the Panama Canal, by somehow… … ##### Palestine… A young and wearing handsome Hispanic man arrived. He – a man with mainly South American accent – walking to meet his Turkish counterpart. \"Rafael de Nogales Méndez!\" \"Welcome to Venezuela.\" Rafael made a joke. Rafael de Nogales Méndez was an adventurer and a military officer of Venezuelan army. Unlike other Latin Americans, he'd like to travel further and involve in more wars. He had been in China before. \"Thank you Sultan for giving me a chance. I will do my best.\" \"Well, great thanks. You know what, Rafael? From now, you are promoted to Rafael Bey.\" \"Sí, sí.\" ( Yes, yes. ) Rafael bowed his head in pay respect: \"I'm not having a good Turkish now. But…\" \"Do not worry, Rafael Bey. Muhamed, come here!\" An old, and he did not seem to be a military officer, walked in order of his Pasha, as the Pasha continued: \"From now on, he will translate Spanish to Turkish, no problem?\" \"Great. Now… I hope we can negotiate.\" ##### Lawrence and Gertrude walked away. They must've seen this scene: the border between Turkey and Egypt was in move. The Turkish troops were being deployed. \"Geez, they're moving.\" \"Really?\" \"We should report this. They're looking for a war.\" \"Damn. You're right, let's move.\" ##### Cairo, Egypt Sir Maxwell and his men were now ready… \"Okay, stop this. I will negotiate.\" \"Great.\" No one spoke. Nothing to speak about. All turned into quiet… … … … … … … ##### …[Chapter 28] And over times and times… ##### After reading this, The Doraemons, Tom, Jery, Spike and Butch decided to go out for a while. They looked exactly what were they mentioning. \"So, Lawrence was like this?\" \"Of course. Do you think Neymar had a bit of Lawrence's blood? According from history, one of his sisters had moved to Brazil, but he had lost contact with his sister.\" \"Yup. Now, just for a question, why do you think Neymar…\" \"It wasn't different. The way Neymar treats just like Lawrence.\" \"What ever. Now, we should focus back. After then, Nasser did not mention much about 1914-1915, except he told about Gallipoli Campaign, the Campaign that might change Lawrence's mind.\" \"Seriously? Thanks.\" They kept walking. They mentioned about it, a lot. ##### Few days later, when World Cup stilled happening in Brazil, they moved out from the stadiums, looking for Spix's Macaws. They tried but they never reached its target! \"OH BULLSHIT!\" Tom yelled: \"WE WILL NEVER GET IT!\" \"These Macaws live in everywhere surrounding Colombia, Venezuela, Bolivia, Guyana, Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina, Suriname and Ecuador! Keep searching!\" Dora-rinho said as they still rode their car. And when they prepared to reach it… Suddenly… They saw these two birds on the sky. It must be… \"Hold on! I know these birds! They are Blu and Jewel!\" Rinho whispered: \"They are the famous Macaws in Brazil, being raised by a couple… however I forget their names!\" \"ARRGGGGHHHHHHH!\" The gang fell down! Surprisingly, they found the book of Sherif Nasser had mentioned about these macaws, with the same identifies and same bodies. Exactly a copy made! It was shown while they were clashing because of Rinho's mistake. Doraemon and Butch got it first. They watched it, and they screamed: \"GUYS! I WANNA YOU TO CHASE THEM NOW! CHASE THOSE MACAWS!\" \"WHAT?\" Wang Dora understood immediately, rode the car and followed the macaws. Blu and Jewel! And so be it, from these macaws, they found the new of the book… ##### 1916 Cairo, Egypt So, passing for a year, General Archibald Murray was about to be in Egypt. It was General Maxwell's last days. Sir John Maxwell, a great General. Lawrence, while staying with Mr. Brighton, Spike, had laughed everyday together, finding the secret of the Pharaohs, did also not forget watching the war, at a bar. Gallipoli's disaster was totally disappointed British Government. So now, they had to use Indian troops to engage in Mesopotamia. Indians, which was a close friends to the Armenians, had fought against Turks… ##### Mesopotamia, Ottoman Empire \"Move on, macaws!\" An Indian General sent a message by a macaw. A Spix's Macaw from Brazil. She transported the message quickly and successful. After hearing it, they then prepared… \"Donald, ready!\" \"Jarjit! Move up! The Armenian prisoners are close! We must release them.\" \"Okay. Antonio, be ready!\" The Indian troops got ready… while Turkish troops did not be passive at all. \"Bu Hint köpekler kendilerini Ermeniler müttefiki olarak iddia ediyor. Hepsini öldürmeliyiz.\" ( These Indian dogs claim themselves as ally of the Armenians. We should kill them all. ) \"Anlıyorum, Paşa. Ancak, Türkiye Ermenistan değildir. Türkiye'de sadece sadece 15 milyon varken Hindistan 400 milyondan fazla kişi, vardı… Hindistan oldukça güçlüdür…\" ( I understand, Pasha. However, India isn't Armenia. India had over 400 million people, while Turkey just had only 15 million… India is quite stronger… ) \"Sadece hazır ol ve ateş!\" ( Just be ready and fire! ) The brave Indians had been ready. And… \"ATTACK!\" The Indian elite troops attacked the Turks. Turkish army fired artillery to the Indians. The Indians suffered high casualties, but they caught the Turkish trench. \"For Armenian brothers! INDIA IS WITH YOU!\" \"Lanet olsun! Bu Hintliler öldür! ŞİMDİ!\" ( Damn it! Kill these Indians! NOW! ) Indian artillery and Indian Airforce (the British Raj Forces) attacked to Ottoman line. They destroyed all Ottoman ammunications and connections, such as war phones and morses. Their foods are being destroyed too. So that bird, that macaw, had reported directly the weaknesses of Ottoman Army. \"JAL HIND!\" \"HINDUSTAN ZINDABAD!\" Ottoman troop did clash with Indian troop. So many deaths. But Ottomans were careless, therefore entire of their force was in chaos! \"YARDIM ÇAĞIR! Baron von Elderstein!\" ( CALL HELP! Baron von Elderstein! ) \"Guluzade! Biz yardıma ihtiyacım var! Bu Hintliler…\" ( Guluzade! We need help! These Indians… ) Too bad, Indian aircrafts bombed Turkish railway! Now, Turkish troop and Indian troop were in chaos, no way to go! In British side, Duke Archenfield watched the fight. \"This macaw works so well. I think General Murray has a good choice from it.\" \"Yes Sir.\" They looked later, Indian soldiers broke Ottoman dungeons, releasing Armenians, both women, children, men, old, young,… About the macaw, Duke Archenfield smiled again… He had completed. Now, after one hour fighting, Indian troops destroyed Turkish bunker. Over 1000 Ottoman prisoners were captured. An Ottoman Bey lying on the ground. In front of his face was an Indian officer. \"Why did these… Indian morons… can… fight… like… this?\" \"Turkish Bey… Killing Armenians is an easy job because Armenians only have 6 million. However, Indians are 400 million, an impossible to kill. And you know what? You… are not humans. You are forever animals.\" \"Barbaric Indian dogs… You stinky monkeys… We will never stop killing your filthy Armenian friends… Allah will…\" \"Don't worry… we will treat with our enemy the shame. No mercy.\" He shot to the Bey's head… With Duke Archenfield, he might have smiled about the macaw. He ordered her to fly to General Murray, with his letter… ##### Cairo, Egypt Mustafa's Bar… \"Hey, Lawrence, I'm hearing that a new General will come and replace General Maxwell. After Gallipoli disaster, the Royal Government decided to replace all!\" Spike said as Mr. Brighton gave words: \"Yup. Well, Mr. Gilbert Clayton may be removed from his position, I just hear that.\" \"Are you seriously? This is a stupid decision!\" Lawrence argued: \"Clayton and Maxwell are very good. They held the Turks and now Turks are facing an Arab revolution. How can they do that?\" \"So do you know anything about Arabs?\" Mr. Brighton calmed: \"I'm sure, had you stayed with Arabs long enough to understand them.\" \"I knew the Arabs. They are Muslims, like the Turks. Fortunately, they have different origins. The Turks are mainly from somewhere near Mongolia, or Russian Turkestan; but the Arabs are mainly from this desolated place.\" Lawrence confirmed: \"The Arabs still proud of their history. They are warriors. Their ancestors had been following Saud the Great against Ottoman, but was repulsed. Now, another son of Saud is rising up.\" \"Ah! It must be Abdul Aziz!\" Spike said: \"According to British Raj's profiles, Abdul Aziz is one of Saud's descendant. I like this guy. What about you, Lawrence?\" \"I admire him, but I don't agree.\" Lawrence declined what Spike's thinking: \"He is good, but he doesn't a real fighter anyway. I do not like him.\" \"But he is…\" Spike tried to say again but Lawrence avoided: \"Right now, we should think who can really lead the revolt.\" Spike just shook his head… \"Oh boy…\" ##### The macaw finally returned to her new master, General Murray. So, the fat, big man and old, with a lawful face, was Archibald Murray. General Murray looked like a whisperer. He was on a trip to Egypt from the sea. \"Ah, finally.\" \"Sir Murray, you should…\" \"I know, Mark. Someday, I'll be in charge. So be honest, this is the time we should get ready for our showdown.\" \"Really?\" \"Of course. Not sooner or later, everything is about to change.\" … ##### Cairo, Egypt Arabian Office… Near the office, some soldiers got received from some poor Arab men who needed money… \"أعطني المال، الرجاء … \" ( Give me money, please… ) \"I have nothing about your money! ALI?\" The Egyptian police came and repulsed these poor Arab guys. Inside the office, General Maxwell was about to leave. \"Sir Maxwell… I'm really sad for it…\" \"I understand your feelings. So, you should stop looking at me, instead focus on the future.\" \"Yes Sir. How long when the new General arrive?\" \"Maybe… two days later.\" Outside the office, Lawrence and Spike, Mr. Brighton were moving toward the bazaar. \"Ah, Mr. Damien! It is a long time.\" \"Lawrence! Mr. Brighton!\" Mr. Damien, a French professional professor hugged all two: \"I'm very amazed to meet you here. So, who is that bulldog guy?\" \"My name is Spike. Nice to meet you, Mr. Damien.\" Spike laughed happily: \"Mr. Damien, I heard about you through Mr. Brighton, but this is the first time I meet you.\" \"Okay, my friend. What thing that bring you to this beautiful Cairo?\" Mr. Brighton posed. \"I'm coming to seek some evidence about Pharaohs.\" Mr. Damien calmly replied: \"This is so amazing.\" They just looked together and all took a moment walking around the bazaar… ##### Arabia \"لا يمكن أن نثق بالاتراك. يجب أن يطرد مرة أخرى إلى آسيا الوسطى!\" ( We can't trust the Turks. They must be expelled back to Central Asia! ) \"والدي قد أعلن أنه سيكون دعوة ضابط اللغة إنجليزية لهذه الأراضي. أنها ستساعدنا على الثورة ضد الأتراك الهمجية!\" ( My father had announced that he is going to invite an English officer to this land. They will help us revolt against the barbaric Turks! ) \"بالضبط! أنهم يدمرون القرآن! هي غلى الإسلام! ويجب معاقبة الله لهم جميعا!\" ( Exactly! They are destroying Koran! They are boiling Islam! Allah must punish them all! ) \"نعم! بعد كل هذه السنوات تخدم لهذه البرابرة، آخر شيء فأجابت، كان يحاول حظر وتحد لنا من العالم. فخور بكم، الأمير!\" ( Yes! After all these years serving for these barbarians, the last thing they replied, was trying to prohibit and limit us from the world. Proud of you, Prince! ) \"لا، يجب أن أشعر بالفخر في لكم، يا أصدقائي العربي الحبيب. الآن، دعنا رفع السيف، وأقول 'الله أكبر'! من هو معي؟\" ( No, I should feel proud on you, my beloved Arabian friends. Now, let's raise the sword, and say 'Allahu Akbar'! Who is with me? ) \"وسوف نكون معكم! العربية السعودية تحيا! عاشت في الهاشميين!\" ( We will be with you! LONG LIVE ARABIA! LONG LIVE THE HASHEMITES! ) A secret organization of Arab nationalists would become a revolution. Not sooner or later, Arabs would join this war, all against the Ottoman Empire. And the organizer, was the proud Faisal, Prince of Mecca and Medina, son of Hussein bin Ali. Alongside Abdullah, he was one of the most famous leaders, which affected to Arabia sooner or later, through this year. ##### Now… June 2014 Amazon forest… \" It was a honor when my brother, Prince Faisal, would lead this revolt. I was a leader too, and so be it, the time would answer for our joys. And the Arab Revolt, started from it.\" \"Wow, Prince Faisal, Sherif Nasser had described him like a hero. Good work.\" Tom said: \"But we did not see what happen behind later. And say, what happen through these macaws?\" \"We will know as we caught those macaws! MOVE IT!\" Dora-the-Kid shouted as the team moving back to job. Dora-med III still read this. He believed these evidences would open the closed gate about Arabian myth during World War I… \"What was just really happened during the war?\" And the thing they would hear, might change the history… forever. Lawrence of Arabia.[Chapter 29] And so be it, the time did not wait… ##### Staying in here, Lawrence watched the news in the front lines: in British Raj, he listened a new from his newspaper. The British forces supported Arab Revolution led by Abdul Aziz Saud and his forces, causing Turks to defend their tracks. But in Egypt, which was close to Arabia more than India, no one could choose totally a real leader. So Lawrence came to ask Mr. Brighton: \"Mr. Brighton, I have something to ask.\" \"Are you serious?\" Mr. Brighton was very busy, however, he still listened: \"If you say so… why?\" \"What can we do with this war machine? They are too many headquarters, meanwhile military branches are not totally united at all.\" Lawrence questioned Brighton but for himself. \"I really do not know…\" Mr. Brighton worried, but his eyes suddenly turned to others when he found that an Arab nobleman arrived. This nobleman… Something was totally weird. Lawrence's eyes burnt up! He remembered another weird dream… … ##### December 1915 Cairo, Egypt When Lawrence was in bed at night, he suddenly saw few Arab noblemen walked with Sir Henry McMahon. Both of them speaking English… With a bit of childish, he quickly entered to the window, listening the voices from McMahon and Arab noblemen… \"Are you seriously think about it, Abdullah?\" \"Of course! The Sharif had been waiting for this signal. Now, the end of Turkey is close.\" \"I love to see this. I oppose the Government idea about Arabia, it was not benefit for all. I'll discuss with others about Sharif's idea.\" \"عبد الله، لست متأكداً من بريطانيا. مكماهون رجل جيد، ولكن والدنا…\" ( Abdullah, I'm not sure about Britain. McMahon is a good man, however our father… ) \"أعرف. ولذلك، سوف أقول الأب، \"شريف مكة\". يجب أن تعرف بريطانيا رغبتنا الحقيقية.\" ( I know. Therefore, I will tell father, the Holy Sharif of Mecca. The Britain must know our real wish. ) \"مثل بروتوكول دمشق؟\" ( Like the Damascus Protocol? ) \"مكماهون ليس كتشنر، فقط ثق بي.\" ( McMahon is not Kitchener, just trust me. ) \"I remembered the Damascus Protocol which you had said to Sir Kitchener, however, he was too busy. Lucky for you, I understand what is the Sharif wanting to. So, please go back to your rooms, I will explain our plan tomorrow.\" Lawrence was amazed about their talking, too bad he must go back to bed, so he went to his own bed and lay down. But inside his head… … … … \"AHHHH…\" … … \"Lawrence… it is your turn…\" \"Why?\" … … … … … \"Join me or die!\" … \"لن تكون مع ناصر صديق! اللعنة أن القرد الهاشمية سخيف!\" ( I will never be friend with Nasser! Damn that fucking Hashemite monkey! ) \"أنا لا يمكن أن تثق بالعودة! ورأس ديك فظيعة!\" ( I cannot trust Auda! He is an awful dick head! ) \"وسوف تساعدك حل لدينا مشكلة. لا شيء أكثر من ذلك. عجلة من أمرنا.\" ( I will help you solve our trouble. Nothing more. Hurry. ) … … … \"إبراهيم، أمرنا! يجب أن يكون هذا…\" ( Ibrahim, hurry! This must be… ) \"OH NO! THIS MUST BE…\" … \"Impossible! Someone has broken the world's gates, so they can release these girls!\" \"No way…\" … \"The Doraemons of Entente forces are ready for your command!\" \"The game begins!\" … … … \"Warning! The Turks are close.\" \"You should change it to our chance!\" \"Hahaha…\" … \"Let's move! Lord Faisal!\" \"أرى لورانس. الخروج، المحاربين!\" ( I see, Lawrence. Move out, warriors! ) … … … … \"Ben hiçbir zaman beni hatırla… Lawrence…\" ( I thought you never remember me… Lawrence… ) \"I do remember you. Sadly, we don't want war…\" … \"STOP BARKING!\" \"Who bark? Damn it…\" \"Lol…\" … … \"Good job! Now, General Allenby will be there soon.\" \"Right…\" … \"Allahu Akbar!\" \"ALLAHU AKBAR!\" … \"I can see this from Faisal's eyes. Trust me.\" … … … \"In your dream you dumb monkeys!\" \"Hahahaha… with what Ahmed Pasha? You are nothing!\" … \"وأنا فراج! وقال داود! من فضلك… اغفر لنا…\" ( I'm Farraj! And he is Daud! Please… forgive us… ) \"Why are they here?\" \"These orphan thieves scouted us for 1 hours!\" \"Orphan thieves?\" \"خنزير الرجاء…\" ( No! Please… ) … … \"اليوم، وفراج وداود، أنت لي! دعونا تتبع لي، وتتيح لك على قيد الحياة.\" ( Today, Farraj and Daud, you are mine! Let's follow me, I let you alive. ) … … … … ##### … His dream was very strange. No one understood why, because he was alone. However… ##### June 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil The Doraemons, Tom, Jerry, Spike, Butch walked to Belo Horizonte to watch something new in front of a bar. Now, they could see many people surrounding… \" Mate essa galinha! Mate matar e matar! \" ( Kill this chicken! Kill kill and kill! ) \"A party! They are playing chicken fight, again.\" Dora-rinho smiled: \"Today is the match between Dragon and Cunha!\" \"Really?\" Tom was very drunk, therefore his question was sound like a drunk. \"Oh my God.\" Doraemon shook his head: \"He is in drunk…\" \"Now, let's check on his head.\" Wang Dora was watching his temperature. Outside, the TV started to show the match between France and Germany. In that case, they should quickly watch what happened to Tom. Lucky for them, Tom was fine. The match was in the national anthem lines of both France and Germany. However, when they were wondering, they decided to return back to the book of Nasir. \"Well, when Tom is at drunk, let's take a moment and watch the book. Meanwhile, Rinho, keep focus on the match!\" They decided to separate their job for an easier treatment between both. They kept watching while focusing on it… And their moment continued… … … Again, this story…[Chapter 30] And so story continued… ##### 1916 Cairo, Egypt If there were more dreams, Lawrence would never tell. But on his eyes, he knew someday, it could become true… In European frontier, the Germans and Britons clashed in French territory. About the Russians, they were holding the Germans. Battle between Turks and Russians were very fierce! Armenians assisted the Russians against Turks in respond for the Armenian massacre! So many frontiers… Lawrence remembered a guy… … ##### 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil \"What the fuck are you doing here?\" Butch and Jerry laughed high. It was not a question, it was a fun fic. \"HAHAHAHAHAHA…\" The Doraemons laughed as they spent whole day to talk after Thomas wake up. They walked and talked about the war between Brazil, Argentina, Germany and Netherlands or Costa Rica. They were mentioning on it… Suddenly, Dora-med III stopped: \"HOLD ON! YOU MUST STOP! WE SAW SOMETHING!\" Dora-med III came to them, told something: \"In here, Nasir wrote that Lawrence said during the war, he was in Egypt. And then, he was remembering the past. But his memory was broken… because of one thing! Look!\" They came here and watched… The thing had made Lawrence… ##### 1916 \"Huh?\" Lawrence woke up after Clayton threw a ton of water: \"Wake up, dreamy boy.\" \"What?\" Lawrence saw the room. Everything was not changed. But he saw a poster. Poster painted in color. \"You will got watch a football match!\" \"Football?\" Lawrence was amazed: \"Why?\" \"Few days later you will go watch. With me.\" Gilbert Clayton smiled: \"In here, please meet a new man. I will introduce him for you. Tomorrow, 4:30 P.M.\" \"To… Toooo… Tomorrow? So surprise.\" Lawrence wasn't stopped from being amazed: \"Are there… Mr. Brighton and Spike?\" \"Of course. And another special guest.\" Gilbert kept smiling: \"Trust me. You will get your joys.\" \"Really?\" Lawrence suspected his ideal, but Gilbert Clayton laughed: \"Do not worry! It will affect you!\" \"Riiiiiiight.\" Lawrence breezed as Clayton moved away. Now, he was wondering. This football poster was a match between the Egyptian brigadier and the Canadian Navy football team. Their match was to celebrate the day Egypt become British protectorate. \"And Lawrence, I… haizz…\" He came to the door when he thought about his dream. He did not think this was a nightmare, but with him, he believed, it was more than that. Not a normal one. So he knew his mission was nothing more except fighting or die in the battlefield. Soon. And these guys, would be his biggest assistants in all the war against the Turks. ##### Mecca, Ottoman Empire Sharif of Mecca, Hussein bin Ali al-Hashimi of the Hashemite family, considered the British's participation would be his biggest aid, so he prepared for all the war against the Turks. Being jailed in Constantinople, he never felt angerier than today. \"الآن، وتركيا، وتذوق بلدي السيف! وهذا لم يعد الأراضي التركية!\" ( Now, Turkey, taste my sword! This is no longer Turkish land! ) He prepared in darkness. No Turkish officers knew anything about it, all turned focus on Faisal because Faisal could have revolted against Ottoman Empire. Yes. Faisal also thought about it. But Faisal was not at home. He was busy… Seeing the good time, Sharif Hussein called every people who loyal to Arabism, to get ready… ##### Cairo, Egypt Lawrence wondered who… \"Who? Why? Why always me?\" He watched all day long… And remaining like this… ##### 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil \"It's so surprised. But why?\" Spike did not understand the full meaning of Lawrence, but he thought, by somehow, he saw this was a total game. \"So, what did exactly this story was going on? Lawrence? And what else?\" Dora-the-Kid and Doraemon wondered. They put some air cannon and told everybody get ready. They knew it… \"And so it begins!\" \"But wait, why did you put your guns?\" They took a moment and then… \"Nothing. The story… makes me… what' ever!\" The Doraemons, Tom, Jerry, Spike and Butch, all of them smiled and continued! \"Let's go on, gang!\" ##### … Did anyone think something would come?[Chapter 31] January, 1916 Alexandria, Egypt General Archibald Murray finally arrived to Alexandria, the sea port of British Egypt. General Murray had deployed new staffs, new chiefs. Especially, he took over control of the Egyptian Forces. Sir John Maxwell came to face General Murray… \"It has been a long time, General Murray.\" \"Sir Maxwell, I've recruited our best warriors! 7 men!\" \"Oh!\" \"They will stay in France till the end of October this year. Now, they must do something for us!\" \"October? But they must be here…\" \"Sorry, but this is the King's order.\" \"Haizz…\" Sir Maxwell wasn't satisfied. He said that \"as before October they must be there, got it?\" General Murray just smiled, as he said his minions (Arab minions) to carry on two cages. Two bird cages. Despite was covered, everyone could realize by the art… ##### Lawrence and the British officers were sitting in the living room… \"Do you see anything like this?\" \"What?\" These officers gathered like this again! They watched a photo from a journalist. The Doraemons of the Entente, shortly as The Doraemons Entente, quickly used powers, destroying Germany's 3 rd artillery brigade and made German forces moved from Eastern Front to the West! With a quick advance, the Russians had totally avoided from another German attacks. All these men: Daniel Kid, foreign fighters like Matadora, Rinho and Mon had totally forced the Germans to change their tactics. \"Wow!\" Lawrence noticed: \"So these guys are the heroes called 'The Doraemons'!\" He never heard anything about this group, but by somehow, he mentioned to his dream again. He had faced… … ##### \"Hello, Lawrence!\" \"Who are you?\" \"My name? Just called me… The Doraemons!\" … \"Will you advise us?\" \"Trust me, we can help you!\" … \"The war is going through…\" \"Yes, yes it is.\" \"Now, do it!\" … \"They are here! The Turks!\" \"BOOM!\" … \"Get him! Djemal Pasha must be there!\" \"Go get Djemal!\" … \"I will promise…\" \"A wedding?\" \"Not one, but… two to three!\" \"WHAT? Three weddings? What the fuck are you…\" … \"General Allenby, thanks for your appearance!\" \"You are welcome, Lawrence!\" … \"The dark…\" \"Not this time!\" ##### … Lawrence, he woke up! It was impossible! Then… … ##### \"Do you remember her?\" \"Yes…\" \"My name is…\" \"Wow! She is so cute! What's your name? You looked Asian!\" \"I'm Yumehara!\" … \"You wanna marry? Go get some! This is frontier!\" … \"The Doraemons, you need to…\" \"And?\" \"And…\" ##### … \"Lawrence! Wake up, this is not for you now!\" Sergeant Kane slapped his face: \"You are dreaming! Day-dreaming huh?\" \"Sorry for that!\" Lawrence reminded back to something. But outside, when Lawrence was not known, a Baron spoke, under the shadows: \"Yes, I've agreed!\" \"McMahon has done a good job! I am so happy! Thank you for your kindness helps! You will see it!\" \"Yes yes yes. I will go to watch the football match soon!\" \"Thanks.\" And they dealed… ##### 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil The Doraemons found the page, they laughed big: \"WE APPEARED IN THIS? WOW!\" Suddenly, someone touched on their shoulders behind. It was just like… a different feeling… They saw it… \"Oh, are you…\" \"HAH!?\" Dora-med III jumped, Dora-the-Kid saw this was a girl! No, an adult girl! \"I'm so sorry! I thought this was Túlio…\" \"Da fuck is this?\" Dora-the-Kid smashed the table: \"Can you just leave? We don't care who the fuck is Túlio…\" Surprisingly, Dora-rinho calmed. He never calmed like this. Then… \"Túlio… Monteiro?\" \"What?\" Spike shocked: \"You mean she is finding… Túlio Monteiro?\" \"Monteiro? HAH! I knew it!\" Dora-rinho yelled: \"So you are Linda Gunderson! HELLO!\" They were all amazed: did that was the famous Linda Gunderson who joined with Túlio over the Amazon adventure? Tom, Jerry, Butch and The Doraemons, thanked for Spike and Dora-rinho, had achieved a new line! The Doraemons alongside together, with Tom and Jerry's gang. \"Wow, Linda Gunderson?\" That was new![Chapter 32] Seriously… ##### June 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil That day in Brazil was so important. With The Doraemons, they knew only few hours later was the semi-final match. They watched the scene. But Linda… \"Hey, Linda! Do you know your birds?\" And then… \"Sorry, but I don't know! So sorry for that…\" She quickly moved her feet out of there. They did not know to answer… \"WAIT!\" Butch called Linda, but she quickly left. They was failed to capture the chance. It was just like a missing piece for them… And they felt disappointed… \"Okay, go home! What a shame!\" They returned to its base… their hotel in Belo. They all knew, the story of tomorrow, could affect entire the history… … At night… Dora-rinho, sleeping on his bed, suddenly saw… … ##### British Empire… … \"Do you feel honorable, foreigners?\" \"You will see that…\" … \"Where is your brother?\" \"I guess… my blood brother… he had been there…\" … … Neymar! … \"Neymar, you have…\" \"Should you care?\" … \"The Queen of Ice…\" … \"I can see… but I can't tell…\" \"WHY?\" \"Just be careful… Lawrence…\" \"I don't think the same. Trust me…\" … … … \"Ottoman Empire is about to be gone!\" … \"NOOOOOOO…\" … \"Ring the bell, and I will find you… do not forget… my ancestry son… in Brazil…\" … \"I promise!\" ##### … And so, Dora-rinho awoke from the dark! He never saw anything like that, especially when he never thought anything except his happiness… \"What is that?\" Dora-the-Kid, who slept with him, saw it, argued: \"Just shut up and go to sleep!\" Dora-rinho suddenly remembered it, he decided to write back. With a forgetful person like him, noticing it was totally different side… \"If this were the truth?\" And he did not argue… ##### Next day… The Doraemons decided to go to the stadium. Brazil vs. Germany! Semi-final! Realizing that, Doraemon read: \"Hey look! Brazil vs. Germany! Something looked same like the match between Canadian Navy and Egyptian brigadier!\" \"Wow! Really?\" Dora-rinho told: \"That's remind me about that. Let's see what Nasir said.\" \"Agree!\" Dora-med III and Jerry nodded: \"Cannot agree more!\" Their curious caused Doraemon to quickly opened the book. After buying tickets, they spent a moment. Neymar would not participate because he was injured. And by somehow… \"Wait, when…\" So Nasir wrote… \" I had been knowing about the story that made Lawrence changed his mind forever. Although he believed on Arabs, he still depended on British commanders on it. And what made he change? A football match…\" ##### January 1916 Cairo, Egypt Nile Stadium… British troops appeared in the stadium, meanwhile attendance was about 30.000 people. An old stadium. In the special stand, General Murray quickly arrived. \"So surprised, Baron.\" \"Of course, I'm glad to see you!\" \"Shame on the Gallipoli Campaign… got damn now I have to watch it for sure!\" \"Yes, just calm…\" ##### When everyone was coming into the stadium, Gilbert Clayton and T. E. Lawrence were walking into the stadium. They were not the only persons to do this… \"I could understand it, Lawrence.\" Clayton said: \"So, who will win?\" \"Well… I support the Canadian Navy team.\" Lawrence said: \"I know their team is not an easy team to beat.\" \"Really?\" Clayton smiled: \"Do not forget, Egyptian soldiers can play football like real men.\" Clayton confirmed but Lawrence did not trust anything from his voice. He seemed to be… \"Lame!\" \"Lame, lol. Careful with your wish, bro!\" \"Hahahahaha…\" They went into the stadium as they want to. Actually, only Lawrence. And they saw the story… ##### In the special stand for high commands, General Murray received something… \"Really?\" \"Ahhh, he has come! Now, invite him to our seat. He should spend a moment.\" \"Yes Sir.\" And they had it. A Baron took a moment, taking his cigarette and… \"So, the man we are looking for is here, right?\" \"I do not know, but Sir Maxwell invited me to meet him, so I will try.\" \"Of course!\" \"So be it.\" ##### Lawrence and Clayton got an invitation from a soldier to seat with General Murray. They accepted the condolence. \"Thank you General. We will seat!\" In outside, a man took over a place close to General Murray. Although he never told any words, but General Murray forgave him for his behavior before. This seat was not a special seat. \"Well, now, Nozomi, sit down. Karen, you too!\" \"Okay.\" She sat down, two women… ##### Lawrence and Clayton followed there and they took their seats. Thanked God, they did not seat too close to General Murray. \"Wow, General Murray, looked at him…\" General Murray, a man, big, old face, bad-haired and high quality, welcomed them. He said nothing, but the Baron… \"Ah, so you must be Lawrence…\" \"Baron… Dora Van Dora!\" T. E. Lawrence was amazed about his exist: \"Baron! You are the Baron who organized 'The Doraemons'!\" \"Of course!\" Baron Dora smiled: \"Going everywhere, I have selected entire the group of heroes. Sadly, the war forced me to separate the group. It was my foul.\" \"I see this, Baron.\" Gilbert Clayton nodded: \"However, we should let more time for this. Baron, do you select over 7 best warriors to go to Ottoman Empire?\" \"Of course.\" Baron said during when two teams appeared into the stadium. He smiled: \"I will talk after the National Anthem.\" ##### The man with Asian face sat down, he looked into the sky. \"Nozomi…\" Meanwhile, the two girls, both did not know anything about the match, seeing his face got strange: \"What is he doing now? And what are they doing exactly?\" They did not know, but General Murray put the noise… \"OK. TELL EVERYONE STANDS UP AND LISTEN TO THE NATIONAL ANTHEM OF BRITAIN!\" \"Anthem?\" They were surprised after all. It was a football match. ##### And… \" GOD SAVE OUR GRACIOUS KING LONG LIVE OUR NOBLE KING GOD SAVE OUR KING!… SEND HIM VICTORIOUS HAPPY AND GLORIOUS LONG TO REIGN OVER US GOD SAVE THE KING! \" ##### Lawrence and Clayton saw it, he posed a question: \"Baron Dora, can you show us?\" When two teams shook hands, Baron Dora Van Dora decided to give them… \"Here… is the list of seven heroes you are looking for. Take a look!\" And so be it… ##### 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil \"Brazil vs. Germany in Belo Horizonte! Why it sounds… similar to…\" Tom said: \"Impossible combination!\" \"Who know?\" Dora-the-Kid answered: \"Cannot agree more! GO OUT! We must do this as soon as possible!\" They wondered why. The Doraemons shook heads, as they watched the continue of the story… The story of shocks…[Chapter 33] The Doraemons stood up and checked the match. When Brazil faced on Germany… But by somehow… \"Hold on, why does it look like…\" It was from Dora-med III. The Arab man put a moment, checking the book about Lawrence of Arabia as he was still alive and stayed in Cairo… Looking on it… \"Hey, do you see that the Egyptian brigadier team and Canadian Navy had a same clothes to Brazil and Germany today?\" \"What?\" Dora-the-Kid checked. And what thing Ali/Nasir wrote was like… \" I had heard from Lawrence that he watched a match called 'football'. I did not even know what 'football' was, so I just listened to him. And what he said later totally impressed me. Lawrence said like this…\" ##### January 1916 Cairo, Egypt Nile Stadium… Nile Stadium had hosted over 30,000 spectators. The Egyptian brigadier team is one of the strongest team alongside Canadian Navy but Canadian Navy was not a professional team. Referee of the match: Josh Erash. Josh Erash was a high officer of Alexandria squadron. Two linesman: Pierce Charles Joyce and Andrew Grass Beacon. Last referee: Oldie Mans. Two teams line up… … In the stand, Lawrence took a secret file from Baron van Dora. Dora van Dora, a high officer and high Baron of King George, would have appointed them next year. And here was the list… Daniel Kid. Origin: the United States. He had a British background and the main mover campaign against Ottoman's Armenian killings. His talents: control the guns, quickly attack and destroy the enemy. He can build a fortress! Fernando Costão. Origin: Brazil. A lone traveler and accepted to join the war on British side. His talents: run faster and can kick everything heavy! Francisco Matadora. Origin: Spain. He had a French family. Due to his France's relatives, he could easily join the French Army. His talents: strong, powerful. He would hold every single enemy even they were stronger 50 times than him. Ahmed Muhammed. Origin: Egypt. But he was originally from Arabia. He had a relative background with prophet Muhammad. His talents: calling the weather, using magic, changing the sky. Wang Lejiun. Origin: China. A deserter after Qing Empire collapsed. He went to Russia and later joined the war on Russian side. But in 1916, he is about to be sent to France in contribute for France's supports against Turkey. His talents: a martial arts and a brainiac. Aleksandr Nikov. Origin: Russia. A former veteran of Russo-Japanese war in which his father participated, he had known as a silent man. His talents: turning to a wolverine! Kawasuke Mon. Origin: Japan. Also had a father who joined the Russo-Japanese war, he later joined the British side during the war against The Central Powers. His talents: unknown. So be it, the seven men were listed into the list, as the game began. T. E. Lawrence mentioned about that… \"Well said, seven men, seven nationalities.\" \"Of course.\" Baron van Dora smiled: \"I can see the situation between you, and others.\" Meanwhile, the girl sat down there had her head being touched many times, due to Clayton and Lawrence's feet movings. They touched by somehow. \"Ouch!\" It was 5'. And surprisingly, it was a goal for James Ox! 1-0 for Canadian Navy! Meanwhile Nozomi, the girl sat down in front of Lawrence and Clayton, feeling hurts from it. She turned her head back… \"Can you please stop touching on my head?\" \"Oh…\" Gilbert Clayton nodded: \"Sorry milady.\" He urged Lawrence to do the same so T. E. noticed and he did not do this. But he was still caring on the files… In 13', James Ox scored 2-0 for Canadian Navy! And now, Canadian Navy caused trouble for the host Egyptian brigadier. Egyptian Brigadier did not understand why… \"AHMED! DO SOMETHING!\" \"OK ARNOLD!\" Ahmed yelled: \"جاسم، Thomas, إشعار على الدفاع!\" ( Jassim, Thomas, notice on defending! ) But under the stadium, nothing proved that the Egyptian brigadier would play better. They could see this truth hurt. General Murray wondered why… \"Edward, is this your favorite team Egyptian brigadier?\" \"I… I don't think so…\" Edward, an officer and a special advisor of General Murray, was totally appalled about this… T. E. Lawrence watched all the scene of the field, seeing like this, he did not want to tell… Nozomi looked up to Lawrence, felt strange. \"Who is that guy? Why his face looks…\" \"Well…\" Her friend Karen turned her head back: \"Should you care on him? What about Coco?\" \"Uhhh…\" Nozomi nodded, but she still looked Lawrence's face until… Oh dear! 3-0 thanked Joseph Andres! Joseph Andres, captain of Canadian Navy and an Uruguayan descent, scored. In 29'. Captain Arnold Whitehorse of Egyptian brigadier blamed on Egyptians for it… \"You disgusting Egyptians…\" \"JUST ASK YOURSELF OCCUPIERS!\" Ahmed yelled to Arnold but suddenly in 35' the score was… 4-0! Now Dalien Korawski scored! Canadian Navy took the lead 4-0 in Cairo! General Murray… \"What a shame!\" Edward, the commander of the Egyptian club, stood up and asked: \"Please General… may you move aside?\" Nozomi, the little girl who did not really understand the match, she wondered what was meaning of 4-0. Karen told her this was result of the match, as the match went to 40'. But… About Baron van Dora, he never mentioned the score like this, 4-0, but… oh another goal! 5-0 for Canadian Navy, thanked for Josh Zivak. Zivak, a Czech descent, scored. The score 5-0 was made in 42'. \"General Murray…\" Baron Dora van Dora saw the face of General Murray getting angry… And… \"Where is water?\" General Murray took something, like a pistol, as… \"I will shoot someone for this… DAMN!\" About Coco, he did not even think that could be worse like it? He never thought like that although he did not know anything about football. He said something: \"I cannot understand…\" The ball was under moving and so be it… \"OVER! 45' is over!\" Pierce C. Joyce walked up and he sat down: \"I can't think what is happening… JORDAN?\" Jordan ran into Joyce and Jordan brought water. About Lawrence, he also saw Mr. Brighton there. \"Mr. Brighton! Thanks God you have come!\" \"Damn, you did not tell me you are here!\" Mr. Brighton came and hugged Lawrence: \"What did make you come here?\" \"Ehhm, a simple job… from Gilbert Clayton. And Joyce is here too. Pierce C. Joyce.\" \"Joyce! So… Pierce C. Joyce. Do you wanna spend a moment for a while with Joyce, Lawrence?\" Mr. Brighton'd encouraged Lawrence to go. And Lawrence accepted. He walked down, came to meet P. C. Joyce for sure… \"Alright, Joyce… you have on my list.\" Pierce C. Joyce and Thomas E. Lawrence, who knew… ##### July 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil When Dora-med III finished the first part, suddenly, Dora-the-Kid watched the score between Brazil and Germany. He shocked… \"Impossible. Lawrence… how can he…\" The score was… 5-0 for Canadian Navy, it was a result Germany had successfully done in the first half. All of this, caused a ton of trouble for Doraemon, Tom and Kid. \"Now, why Lawrence…\" \"I don't find out why but this must be…\" And they asked… Lawrence of Arabia… … … … … … \"… just like I expected, T. E. Lawrence confirmed that, after seeing this, I would have to wait for another 100 years to see something again. Because, with him… … the match had changed all of his life.\"[Chapter 34] January 1916 Cairo, Egypt Getting back on it, Baron Dora van Dora, a Dutch-born British Baron, a loyal of the Royal Family, had encountered Lawrence, to seek anything about them… \"Do you admire these men?\" \"Yes Sir but… is this too far?\" The second half moved on, as Ariel Snach, the British Jewish star, did not participate. He played for Egyptian Brigadier. And Ariel was sitting on the seat. He felt disappointed… \"Man, not good…\" \"You caused that kid!\" The Egyptian side continued to losing strength. They played like a machine, they could not control themselves! General Archibald Murray put the guns and ready for the fight. \"Okay now, I will leave! What a shame…\" And later… \"Oh, what a shame! 6-0 for Canadian side! Lol! I can't imagine the Egyptians anymore!\" The people in the stadium cheered high. They never heard about football, so they just tried. The game came to the people too fast… \"Wow, so scoring a goal is so easy!\" This was how the game moving… Then, few minutes later, the score was 7-0 for the Canadian side. Now the Egyptian team totally collapsed. The host lost everything… \"Jesus Christ…\" \"WHAT A TOTAL DISASTER! STUPID ARABS!\" \"This is the shame!\" ##### About Lawrence, he watched the face of the boy named Coco. Despite he had known nothing about Coco, he seemed to be interested about this handsome and charming guy. \"Hhhmmm, this is special.\" They mentioned about that. It was not surprised, about his appearance. The only thing he worried about was about the next scene of the war, when the Turks were trying to defend apart and tried to counter-attack against Russian force in Eastern Anatolia, and against the Britons in Egypt. Not success in the battle against Russians, they switched to Egypt and Libya. Baron van Dora advised him to call these guys, as they would move into their front in the next year. \"Who can answer for this?\" Baron took a speech into Lawrence's ears. He looked still like that. He smiled, as Lawrence turned behind. \"What are you talking, Baron?\" \"I know, kid.\" Baron laughed just like a gentleman. A total gentleman from Britain, not a man emigrated from Holland. About the match, the Egyptian side only had few chances. The time was not much. \"0-7?\" Archibald Murray was shocked: \"I will never play football! I swear it!\" Other ones, they convinced General Murray to calm as the match was not ended, and it was just a friendly. The war with Ottoman Empire caused Archibald to stop focusing on the match, but the officers… ##### Now… 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil 7-0! Dora-med III was in a chaos, as he compared it… to today! Brazil was losing Germany within the same score line. How? How could a match from 1916 linked like that 98 years later? \"My motherfucker?\" \"Yeah?\" Wang Dora also got amazed: \"How could it be…\" \"I don't know!\" They were aware about… ##### 1916 Cairo, Egypt The match was moving to last minutes. Time for the host was totally over. 0-7, who could explain? \"No one is allowed to go home today likely!\" They moved themselves. Nothing likely. And so be it, the match of the Egyptian and Canadian side was going to the end. It was 88'. \"0-7!\" \"LOL!\" Some of spectators felt tired, decided to go home. The British patrols surrounding the stadium. They only waited the end, but in the late of the match, Jonas Eriks, replacement, scored an honor goal for the host. 1-7. \"Wow, the host at least scored an honorable goal. 1-7! The game was in 89'!\" No saying or claiming about it but everything had fallen to dark. T. E. Lawrence watched the match, quickly got bored… \"I will go back to the office. Might be we have a lot of story to tell.\" The Russians would never care about that. The Germans, they were not loyal for this. The French, Italians were interested. The Americans? Who knew? The others, all needed an answer. Thomas Edward Lawrence and Baron Dora van Dora, they left the stadium. General Archibald Murray also left the stade with his assistants. The fans also moved away and left out of the stadium too. As the match ended… 1-7. ##### 2014 Belo Horizonte, Brazil \"It is… impossible! Lawrence…\" Doraemon wondered when he saw the similarity between the match 98 years ago and that day. This must be the sign of the change… \"Do you ever know? Joachim Löw, the manager of German team, never thought his team would win to 7-1! But… according from Sherif Nasir…\" Dora-med III surprisingly mentioned back to the story of the match on January 1916, he quickly founded… \"Oh dear, so it must be…\" He had read a part from the book, and his thing was… … … … … … \"… in spite of this, Mr. Löw, Wolfgang Löw, he was clever. He made a total victory over British and French forces by a 7-1 style in 1914-15. But with this score, he would never think, one day, his doom day would have come! The German man, also watched the match through from a spy in Cairo, thinking about 7-1, and never seen the death… … and the 7-1, might be the beginning of a reign, but his era would come to end… faster, and… more painful… for it…\"[Chapter 35] January 1916 Cairo, Egypt After the match, General Murray returned to his office. He seemed very not interest about the match… \"Idiot match! No one care what's wrong but this match is nothing interested to me!\" \"General, I…\" Meanwhile, T. E. Lawrence moved away. He saw that Ariel Snach did not participate on the field. He just… \"I don't understand much about it. But I think… this is surprised!\" \"Well know, Lawrence, as you can see, the military organized this match. Now they know a lot after it. Besides, football is still, not a majority sport! By a way, do you watch my profile?\" Baron van Dora talked much, and he knew that! The story of the gang between Baron and T. E. continued. They walked in Cairo's street. So calm and so pretty… ##### Meanwhile, Coco took two girls, Karen and Nozomi, to leave the stadium. They did know, Coco had slept for entire the match. \"Haizzz… why is he…\" Nozomi argued herself for that. She was the only one to care on Coco, as Urara stayed in France. They knew that so they decided to go back to somewhere. But as they did not have money to hire a small hotel, they should find a place to sleep. \"It is over dark now…\" ##### Lawrence and Dora were all returning to their camp – actually, the headquarter of British force – to prepare for a next plan. Seeing General Murray act strange, they mentioned… \"Inferior or superior? General Murray seems to be really awkward…\" \"I don't know, Lawrence. Good joke!\" \"Hahahahaha…\" They went back to the headquarter and met General Archibald Murray. But Gen. Murray just put his hand on: \"Welcome, Lawrence! Now go back to your room! I don't want anyone in here currently!\" And he shut down the door… Strange for them… \"Gen. Murray?\" Dora van Dora tried but fail… \"Okay, Baron. I guess we should go out for a moment. It is just 19:35.\" Lawrence cheered Baron Dora up and they agreed. As soon as possible, they left away… And here they go… … Cairo at night was so beautiful. The sky was not so hot, as the people moved around. They invited guests from 4 corners to eat, to taste and to smile with them… Lawrence and Baron saw the beautiful sky around… ##### Meanwhile, Nozomi, carrying a drunk Coco, moving away from the street. Could not believe what she had seen: Coco saw a bar and ran into it, she got tired… \"COCO?\" \"I can't believe it! Nozomi, bring him here is a wrong decision!\" Karen argued. \"But we did know he wanted it…\" Nozomi disappointed: \"So we should…\" As they were walking tiredly, they suddenly found a palace. It was just like a palace for Sultan, which an exception that… \"Why don't we go there and sleep?\" ##### And so, Lawrence and Baron van Dora laughed. \"Ahahahahahahahaha… it s hilarious! THANKS!\" \"No offense!\" They spent for over 2 hours! They watched the bazaar, buying some old Egyptian stuffs, killing time by playing billiard and went into Western bars, drinking beers… And they always felt happy… \"Bravo! Now, maybe we should go back home!\" Lawrence suggested return back to the head quarter. The two had been moving back along for a ride. \"So after the match, I guess I have learnt a lot from it! This is the shame of football when someone could lose like that.\" \"You got a point boy.\" They arrived back to their own ground, the headquarter of British Expedition Force in Egypt. They believed they could have better place there… \"Well said, Baron!\" …and… … … … … … Surprisingly, Gen. Murray's voice headed to them… \"GET OUT! DAMN IT! ILLEGAL INVADERS!\" \"SORRY…\" Lawrence and Baron van Dora could not hold their emotions. They never thought about it so far from now… \"I see Sir!\" They went back into their office, seeing a drunk boy got beaten by British soldiers protecting the office of Gen. Murray. Along with the boy were two women. And they were inside the headquarter… \"GET OUT!\" Lawrence quickly ran into it, stopped the soldiers and said: \"Who are these people?\" Gen. Murray put down the bottle, as he screamed… \"THEY ARE ILLEGAL ALIENS!\" \"What?\" Lawrence and Baron van Dora watched the scene. They saw a boy, and two girls… It must be… \"Wait, what are they doing here? Do we know them?\" … … … No one sure…[Chapter 36] 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"It is… impossible…\" Dora-the-Kid saw everything like upside down: \"Lawrence had been…\" \"Yes it is! But now… we must have to maintain in Brazil, even the end of World Cup! Maybe we can find the answer!\" Wang Dora claimed. \"So? We wanted to search for a story, but we just knew that in Brazil…\" Kid argued: \"Oh please…\" \"What did you know about it? You don't even know anything! SEE! The rise of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, take a moment!\" Dora-med III spammed Kid: \"Dream on, man! Before you judge, you should be careful with every choice!\" \"Hahaha, I see. Fine!\" Kid laughed: \"Okay okay… but now, what did Lawrence think after it?\" \"Well…\" Wang Dora grabbed the book, and kept reading. On the road of Brazil's second largest city, they went on, back to… ##### January 1916 Cairo, Egypt \"WHO CAN EXPLAIN HAH?\" General Murray turned madness… \"Gen. Murray, I think…\" Mr. Brighton said something to Gen. Murray and told that to Gen. Clayton who was standing behind Murray: \"Please, I think they can…\" But Gen. Clayton did not repeat. He just watched the moves of Gen. Murray… And General Murray, he put the pistol, yelled: \"TAKE THEM OUT OR THEIR HEADS WILL BE…\" \"HEY HEY HEY! Calm General! CALM!\" Spike convinced Murray: \"General, if you do this, the Turks will take advantage…\" Seeing Spike said that, they were all silent. General Murray… … … … \"I suggest an idea for this!\" Baron van Dora quickly dropped out an idea, like a light bulb on his head: \"Since they are all here, so, let them join the military, a chance for them to prove that they are not useless and idiots… I meant, the boy.\" Soon he pointed to Coco… \"WHAT?\" Lawrence, Spike and others were all appalled: \"What the… are you mad?\" Even Gen. Murray could not believe on his eyes: van Dora wanted them to be in military? Royal Armed Forces? But by how? No way! And so… \"I am sorry, General! SORRY!\" Coco opened his eyes, shocking for what everything he had done, turning his head and bowed entire of his body. He paid apology, even he…: \"So sorry, General! SO SORRY!\" Gen. Murray almost tried to kill Coco and his friends, but looking Coco like this, besides he had nothing on his hands, and he shared condolence: \"Fine, stand up! Baron van Dora… he saves your life today, you should thank him for this!\" \"Yes General!\" He just bowed head, again. He felt survived… But… \"Well, Gen. Murray is too kind, so he forgives you! But as for me, I don't think so, kid.\" Baron Dora van Dora shocked all again: \"Now, you have to say: do you join the military, or… not?\" Coco did not even have any experience, so… \"WHAT?\" \"But, Baron, who will train him now? Most of our officers are now on the route to Palestine and Transjordan…\" Spike concerned. \"This is simple! Can you, Lawrence?\" Baron pointed to Lawrence, but… seemed like Lawrence was not ready. \"I don't think so, Baron…\" \"But I guess you can, don't you?\" \"Actually, not…\" \"Be brave, my son! You can do it! I know you can!\" Baron cheered Lawrence like cheering for his own son… So Lawrence did not know how to deal with it… And… \"T. E. Lawrence?\" Mr. Brighton asked: \"Do you accept it, or not?\" \"Well…\" Lawrence did not know either. He never trained any officers, as he always traveled around Egypt and Syria, Palestine, not military career. He was not interested on it… … \"What's wrong to him?\" Karen surprised: \"What's wrong?\" \"Let him choose!\" Mr. Brighton stopped: \"If you do anything awkward, it will be a problem for all of us!\" \"I am?\" Lawrence still stood up, like a man with no spirit. So far from now, he began to miss Dahoum, the Arab boy. Where was Dahoum now? He was too empty… His heart quickly got freeze… \"Dahoum…\" \"Stop thinking about past, Lawrence!\" Mr. Brighton used his ability to convince Lawrence: \"Hurry up!\" … … … \"Well?\" Baron waited: \"You only have 30 seconds. 29, 28, 27, 26, 25,…\" as he counted on the number from 30, Lawrence must answer. Gen. Murray could not stand much longer for it… \"WELL LET ME SHOOT THE BOY AND TWO GIRLS!\" \"Uhhh…\" \"…13, 12, 11, 10…\" And… … \"…5, 4, 3, 2, 1…\" \"Okay okay! FINE! I will train them!\" Lawrence nodded, but he never thought about it. Most of the time he only spent to write maps of Egypt, Cairo, Transjordan, Palestine and Syria, now he must train a boy with no military experience? Meanwhile, Coco just begged everyone to be mercy on him. It was a cold day in Cairo, as General Murray disbanded the office for a while. Coco was saved by Lawrence, so he decided to follow him. \"Thank you, Sir!\" \"Uhhh… it is not my idea…\" Lawrence just bowed his head: \"Anyway, thanks.\" He just walked into outside the door, with Mr. Brighton. They were all walking out from here… The smell of war in Eastern Front, Western Front, Caucasus Front and now, closer, Arabian Front, were about to come on this year. Training officers had become a major factor during 1916. And so be it, Lawrence… \"Mr. Brighton, accepting this idea? Why?\" \"I am sorry for this, Lawrence, but you have to deal with it! This is how military work!\" \"I don't believe it…\" wondered Lawrence: \"No doubt why I want to return to Syria, Palestine or Transjordan.\" \"I know!\" Mr. Brighton calmed: \"Everything will be fine! I promise!\" Yeah… Mr. Brighton, he helped Lawrence… Meanwhile, Gen. Archibald Murray went outside, sat down in a stone chair, nuked himself: \"Jesus Christ, too many problem between these troublemakers…\" Saying like that, he went into two covered cages, only for bird… And he was mentioning, no, planning… \"In that case, it is time for the poor young man to do! Now, macaws, we are waiting for a new.\" And he just walked away. ##### July 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The Doraemons, Tom, Jerry, Spike and Butch both continued their reading. They seemed to be getting more interested about the fact… \"So Lawrence…\" \"At least, facing a little trouble.\" \"HAHAHAHAHAHA…\" However, their laugh could not help them much, as they would seek the woman and their macaws too! The gang almost captured macaws, but they failed… \"Bullshit! What would happen next? TELL US!\" Tom pointed to Wang Dora. \"Okay okay! Now, here we go again. It is time for…\" … ##### January 1916 Cairo, Egypt After the shocking moment, Spike arrived and made question: \"What's wrong? Baron just tricked you…\" \"No he is not!\" Mr. Brighton explained: \"I think he had to deal a lot from it! After all, he is the only one who gave Lawrence the files of heroes whom he needs supports if he comes to Arabia.\" \"Really?\" Spike didn't trust it after all: \"By how? Baron Dora van Dora just came here few days ago!\" \"However he has more opportunities than us! Think!\" Mr. Brighton used his words: \"You have to accept the fact, Spike. Everything has its cause!\" \"Okay, okay! I see!\" Spike nodded, but Lawrence said nothing. T. E. Lawrence, seeing them talking, decided to go far away: \"You guys just keep talking, I will go to sleep.\" And T. E. left…[Chapter 37] Well, the story of Lawrence... ... ...continued. ... Late January, 1916 Cairo, Egypt The military of Britain obtained a file for Lawrence about the man named Coco. Coco was not a major figure for him, he was just a private in the military. It was a trouble for T. E. \"How to train a man like that? I never train anyone in my life...\" \"It is a difficult story!\" Mr. Brighton smiled lightly but peace: \"As you can see, there would be a moment of time to learn.\" \"But training a soldier?\" Lawrence worried. \"Ya ya, you have to be calm! Everything needs time! One day you will understand.\" Mr. Brighton cheered his spirits: \"Now, can you do it? Meanwhile these heroes will arrive in this year, trust me!\" \"Militarily, yes!\" Lawrence turned his head, taking a moment with his cigarette... ... About the others, Coco looked like a dummy when he arrived. They just laughed... \"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...\" \"What's wrong, private?\" Coco just stood there, putting a shotgun but he did not even try to use that. He just saw everything like... \"May I?\" \"Sure!\" They gave him a gun. But he checked it by his nose. Lol! \"Really?\" \"Are you fucking idiot?\" \"Uhhh...\" ... Meanwhile, about Lawrence, he secretly watched Coco's moves. He felt disappointed... \"Is he joking on me?\" Then he had to go down. About others, Nozomi saw him from outside the fence... \"Oh dear, he is a lousy man!\" \"Do not forget he is your boyfriend!\" Karen noticed Nozomi's darkside! Nozomi brushed her face as she slapped to Karen: \"Oh please stop it!\" She hated to mention about Coco so much, but nobody could understand her reason cause she refused to answer. T. E. Lawrence approached to Coco... \"Well then, Coco my boy?\" \"Mr. Lawrence!\" Coco stood up: \"What did you want?\" \"Ahhhh, nothing much, but just a small thing. Now, can you prepare for your training program?\" \"Training program?\" \"Yes, yes it is!\" Lawrence gave a big smile on him: \"Now, can we be ready? You will know how to shoot... from tomorrow.\" Lawrence mentioned back to the time where he first touched into a pistol. He did not even so scare on it. Instead, he enjoyed it. From then, he used it, but just for some joyful on his life. Might be... even hunting an eagle for fun. However he did not use it much... And he now focused on the sky... ##### Nightfall... Arabia The Arab militias began their request to retake their territory from the Turks. They moved tactics every night to wait the Turks. And they found the scene... \"هنا هي القوة التركية! فمريحة! تكون على استعداد بلدي الرجل!\" ( Here are Turkish force! They are relaxing! Be ready my men! ) Those Arabs hid themselves under the sand. The Turks just stood there, guarding their artillery, which would be transported to Transjordan and Yemen. They found themselves unfit with the place... \"Kum kum ve kum... Neden Arabistan her şeyi sadece kum bağlanabilir? Bu yerden nefret ediyorum!\" ( Sand sand and sand... Why everything in Arabia can be linked to sand only? I hate this place! ) \"Mustafa, sakin olmak zorunda! Ben yarım Arap, kum ne kadar zor olduğunu biliyorum. Türkiye gibi değil, ama bu Arabistan Osmanlı egemenliği altında. Bunu biliyorsun.\" ( Mustafa, you have to be calm! I am half Arab, I know how hard the sand is. It is not like your Turkey, but this is Arabia under Ottoman rule. You know that. ) \"Hamza, değil, emin olmak için mi?\" ( Hamza, you have to be sure on it, don't you? ) Ottoman soldiers chatting story together, then... ... ... \" ALLAHU AKBAR! \" A quick massive explosions occured right on Turkish camp. Ottoman troops split out to hunt. Some of them near the explosions were injured, even... being killed. \"Ani saldırı! Dışarı bölünmüş! ŞİMDİ!\" ( Sudden attack! Split out! NOW! ) \"أيها الأخوة! لقد حان الوقت! الله!\" ( My brothers! The time has come! ALLAH! ) The leader assumed to attack the Turks. He rode his own camel with his loyal compatriots, while others attacked by their own feet: \"ALLAH! ALLAH! ALLAH!\" And the Ottomans... \"Bu Araplar, sizi hainler Hilafet ve İmparatorluğu'nun lanet olsun!\" ( Damn these Arabs, you traitors of Caliphate and the Empire! ) A Bey ordered his men to fire back. But the battle came shortly after the Turks' only fires. The Arabs used swords while Turks used bayonets. The Arab force and Turkish force clashed for a while, but held down in a tie. This would not happen much longer... \"نحن المحاربون العربية السعودية، ونحن المحاربين لله! لا خوف، أنا قادمة!\" ( We are warriors of Arabia, we're warriors of Allah! Do not fear, I am coming! ) A man, wearing black Arabic clothes, attacked them and he quickly reached to the standing Bey. The Bey put his pistol into him... and... ... \"TWAT!\" From the dark scene, only saw the Arab man riding camel stayed there. But the Bey had fallen down... ...and the Arab man showed up: \"الأتراك ! هذا هو الزعيم الخاص بك، لا أنت؟ وميتا الآن ! \" ( Turks! This is your leader, don't you? He is dead now! ) All the Turks were fighting quickly stopped. So... the Arab man had beheaded their Bey, forcing the Turks to become an army with no Bey. They had only few choices on it... \"Karaca Bey öldürülür! Lanet olası o... şimdi ne yapabiliriz?\" ( Khan Bey is killed! Damn it... what can we do now? ) ... ... ... ... ... The Ottomans finally had to surrender. They surrendered to the Arabs. The leader of the Arabs refused to kill all of the Turks, but instead, capture them and use them to become Arabian warriors. Just only 1 minute to make a decision. Then, his squadron celebrated: \"ناصر شريف حورا ! ناصر، الابن للأسرة الهاشمية، سليل الأقوياء النبي محمد ! \" ( HURA SHARIF NASIR! NASIR, SON OF HASHEMITE FAMILY, DESCENDANT OF MIGHTY PROPHET MUHAMMAD! ) This man who wore black was Sharif Nasir. He did say nothing after all, while his men congrated for their victory against Turks. He still watched the stars... \"كل شيء هو مجرد بداية...\" ( Everything is just the beginning... ) ##### Few days later... February, 1916 Cairo, Egypt In British Egypt, General Murray started... \"Well, do you know why I invited all of you here?\" \"Appearantly, it must be from Sinai and Transjordan.\" Voice from Mr. Brighton. \"Exactly, but more than that, is the Ottoman regime. After our failure of the Gallipoli Campaign, the Arabs living in the Empire did not enjoy victory with the Turks, instead, they rioted back. Their riots were founded as minority revolts in Aqaba, Deraa, Irbid, Basra, Kuwait, and more in Syria and Yemen. The Turks were expelled from Kuwait due to lack of reinforcements.\" \"Haha, it is so successful!\" Spike laughed: \"Do you know what it means? VICTORY IS COMING BACK!\" \"Not now, Spike. I am talking!\" General Murray calmed, as two Majors, Jordan Clarkson and Ariel Snach, asked again: \"So, what exactly did the Arabs want?\" \"Ahhh, this is not so hard, isn't it? Well, the Arabs demand helps from us, because they are lack of weapons. Although they are successfully holding Turkish force, but it is unclear how long for it.\" After this, all of British Generals felt down... British scholars also felt upset after all... \"Oh no, not like that...\" ... ... ... \"Perhaps, we should start to send some officers to Arabia.\" It was from Baron Dora van Dora. The half Dutchman claimed about it: \"Pierce C. Joyce?\" A man, followed from the door opened, making his first ever appearance: Pierce C. Joyce! \"Ah, Joyce!\" General Herbert Garland knew this person. Pierce C. Joyce, tall, yellow-haired, and looked like an old man behind his young age. He looked brighter from it. \"Mr. van Dora, thank you for your invitation!\" ##### In the practising ground, Lawrence said: \"You have to know your order! When I said 'stand up', you must stand. Same like I said 'sit down'. Every of my orders, you have to listen!\" \"Okay... I will.\" Coco repeated back. He learnt how to aim. It was over a month after he attended to the military. Nozomi always visited him... that day she brought Karen, Uri and Syrup. By somehow, Lawrence knew that Uri love Syrup. But he did not even take a moment to talk, as he was focusing on Coco... \"Now, STAND UP!\" ##### The British secret meeting turned heat when Pierce C. Joyce appeared for the first time in this conference. Why? Nobody knew full reason, as Pierce C. Joyce explained only a shortlist. Joyce, however, still laughed: \"I know what to do now, General Murray!\" \"What can you do, Mr. Joyce?\" Murray suspected. \"Okay, let me tell: the Turkish forces in Arabia now are mixed Turks, Armenians, Kurds, Georgians, Arabs, Assyrians, Greeks, Jews, do you know that? Meanwhile the Christians (Armenians, Georgians, Greeks, Assyrians) and the Jews refused to loyal with the Osman House. Now only Arabs and Kurds. But Kurds for a long time had secretly developed hatred toward Turks due to Turkish occupation of their own land. So we can use Arabs as a tool!\" \"A tool? I know that, but by how?\" Ariel Snach, a British Jew itself, acknowledged for it. \"So? Let me explain. Please, during 1914-15, I had made a successful request to my friends about opening a post and a railway through Sinai, helping us reaching Transjordan in any moment. With this helps, we could easily change our tactics. But so far, the desert remains as our biggest problem, so my construction... just stop there.\" Joyce's answer almost gave them hope, but they were now in deep trouble... \"Oh no...\" They set back to the time when the secret railway connecting to Sinai built in early 1914, before the war over 4 months. They did it but must be undone... So now, after the failure of Gallipoli, the railway became necessary... But it was postponed bue to the Campaign, so... \"DAMN IT!\" Garland smashed the table. \"Herbert! You have to calm down!\" Baron van Dora confronted him... ... Outside the field, Lawrence disappointed... \"Oh dear, Coco, I will leave now. What a shame on you...\" So that, Coco did not even know how to shoot. He even almost shot to Lawrence, but gladly some soldiers knew stopped his move. Right now, nobody be sure about Coco... Coco failed to break a stone, that's... hurt. \"Oh my Gosh...\" After that, Lawrence moved aside. Suddenly, someone called him... \"Lawrence!\" \"Newcombe!\" He said: \"No surprised! What are you going to do?\" \"We have a message! But we need you to come!\" It was from Newcombe. He told that this message was a filmography about the heroes Baron van Dora gave to Lawrence. British forces in Europe had sent through Italian vessel. Lawrence wondered why... ... ... ... Later... Military cinema... There was a small cinema for military inside the headquarter. Lawrence and Newcombe sat down for a moment... \"Wow. This is...\" \"A new document filmography: The wave of new era .\" \"Really?\" Lawrence lost a moment to notice, but Newcombe's encouraging him not to stop, so Lawrence agreed: \"Fine, if you want it.\" And they offered everyone ready to watch the movie. Seemed like Newcombe always ready than Lawrence... ... The wave of new era ... ##### July 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"A bit harsh!\" Kid said: \"Really?\" \"Who know! JUST READ IT! Besides, we can still read that in World Cup final!\" Tom yelled. They went on...[Chapter 38] Returning back to 1916... ... ##### Early 1916 Cairo, Egypt Lawrence went on watching a short movie about the war in Europe. This showed the scene that taken from the frontier in 1915 Gallipoli and in Western Front. The other, about Eastern Front, Newcombe did not take it. Lawrence did not know the reason. \"Well, just about the West and in Turkish sea...\" He watched and then he found some few sources of them. And he was interested about them... ... ... ... Seeing the blade, the way they controlled the fights, but something told Lawrence that these boys were more than just a group of expendables... ... ... ... ... ... And... ... ... ... ##### After watching the video for 50 minutes, Lawrence went out: \"Newcombe, I have done!\" \"You are very fast.\" Newcombe welcomed it very calm. \"It is!\" Lawrence laughed: \"Don't you?\" \"For at least, yes.\" Newcombe claimed, as he was looking for the next film. Lawrence, however, did not really care on it. He just thought about them... ... The Doraemons ##### Meanwhile in a private meeting, British commanders talked about an invasion to Sinai, then entering Transjordan, Palestine and Syria, to ensure for a successful victory over the Turks. But they still had trouble... \"Well?\" \"I think we can do something...\" \"HOW?\" \"Of course, it needs time. You need to be patience my General.\" \"I cannot wait! What do you think? Sending an officer?\" \"Sending an officer? Well...\" \"Then?\" \"I guess... we have a plan.\" ... About it, Lawrence just came out again. Coco stood up... \"Hi Sir!\" \"It is fine, Coco.\" Lawrence smiled: \"Everything will be fine. Keep working kid. Now, I will continue your training!\" \"Really?\" Coco just looked: \"Please, help me to pay this debt.\" \"Fine fine! I am doing anything for you, kid.\" Lawrence said as he continued: \"Now, you will... carry something!\" ##### 2014 Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"Well, Lawrence, training a person. This is new!\" Dora-the-Kid claimed it. \"It was written by Nasir, according from Lawrence's past. But I did not know, how long for it. Because inside the story, it was 1916.\" Dora-med III mentioned back on track. They then put on their book, the only book in this world talks about Lawrence... ... \"So?\" Spike asked: \"What now? Can we finish it?\" They just kept calm and... ... ... ... \"Let's move on!\" Wang Dora told everybody to ready watching the continuing of the story. They knew that this would be... ...interesting. ... ... ... ... ... \"Cuidado com seus passos, seu estúpido!\" ( Hey, watch your steps, you stupid! ) They almost lost balance! Turning out they were in the street where many of them were going to attend the Final. So there they had it, they must go now. But then, they saw the woman... wearing glasses again. Strange. They met her one time, but they guessed it was a fixture similarity, so they left. With a book, they continued. Tom opened the way while Jerry hunted a special seat. ... ... ... ... ... And here they go, again... Lawrence and Coco, the choice of the General, Commanders... everything was about to be revealed...[Chapter 39] 1916 Cairo, Egypt Inside the camp, Coco felt to be doing the best that he could. But military life was so harassment for him. \"It is hard…\" Lawrence did not comment… ##### Meanwhile, inside the office, General Archibald Murray, was again… \"So you can't choose?\" \"I think… we can send our young commanders like Pierce C. Joyce to go. Maybe Stewart Francis…\" \"Really?\" \"Well, they need more. I guess…\" Suddenly, Mr. Brighton remembered T. E. Lawrence. He quickly asked General Murray about recruiting Lawrence. He whispered… And General Murray… … … … ##### About Lawrence, after a bit of helping Coco, he soon realized that Coco needed a hug to change the more than a hug. He decided to do something…needed a hug of speed. So… \"Well, Coco, do you feel tired?\" \"Not yet, Sir.\" Coco actually felt wanna rest for a while, but he still tried to prove the best… until… \"No need to do that, Coco. Today is okay. Now, go and rest. Tomorrow, our real game will be started.\" Lawrence spoke calm and quick, but Coco seemed not ready to be prepared… \"Okay?\" \"Now go inside and relax.\" Lawrence said: \"And we will do it tomorrow. Be ready.\" Coco just walked, but with Lawrence, he seemed to be ready for what happen in tomorrow… … … … ##### About the cruise, General Murray just sat back to the chair. He just watched Lawrence and Coco… … \"Strange. Lawrence allowed him to relax.\" \"It is afternoon, General.\" Mr. Brighton smiled: \"They need to be relaxed. After all, they have done so far from now.\" \"Deal with it, Brighton, he is not a teacher, just an archaeologist! THAT'S ALL!\" \"But you want Coco to be killed, this is why you tried to kill him. Sadly Lawrence stopped… so therefore, you allow the boy to stay.\" \"Yeah, my… fault. Yes.\" General Murray seemed very confused. But he then looked to Lawrence again, from the window. He thought a lot… …a lot… … … … And so be it… ##### At night… Lawrence was invited into a dinner that prepared by General Murray and his men. They did the best. \"It is amazed, General Murray.\" \"Yes.\" General Murray laughed: \"Come in, and enjoy.\" Then both of commanders, leaders, scholars, along with Lawrence, sat down. Under General Murray, the dinner was started. And he sat with Lawrence. Lawrence and Murray faced each others. Then… \"Lawrence?\" \"Yes, General?\" T. E. received a question. \"Would you… help me something?\" \"Ohhh, okay?\" Lawrence bowed, then General Murray whispered something. After all, Lawrence just calmed for a while… … … … \"Okay, I see. Now, how much time for me to prepare?\" Lawrence asked the last, and General Murray gave a number: 6 – June. At June he must finish his job. Later from it, Lawrence nodded… \"Thanks, General.\" And he just kept eating. But behind this, was a huge mission for him. Mr. Brighton pointed yes, signing that he agreed with General Murray. Archibald Murray had finished a good job, might be a great job about involving to the Middle East for the first time. General Maxwell was a good defender, but he did not intervene to the region. Now General Murray would do that for him. By using… … … … Thomas Edward Lawrence Stewart Francis Newcombe Pierce Charles Joyce Cyril Wilson … And more…[Chapter 40] Their names are once again, would be mentioned… ##### Arabia… The Arabs had begun their revolution. They started by attacking Ottoman police patrol. \"ALLAHU AKBAR!\" The firing began too. Both two sides started shooting. It was a massive attack from the Arab forces. They knew the battle was very fierce. \"أولاد الرسول العظيم، لن يستسلم!\" ( Sons of the great Prophet, don't give up! ) \"Hainlerin! Sen suçlardan dolayı ödeyecek!\" ( Traitors! You will pay for your crimes! ) \"أنت الآن المنغوليون غبية من آسيا، الذي سرق اراضينا، ونحن سوف إعادة التقاطها!\" ( You are stupid Mongols from Asia, you stole our land, we will retake it! ) \"AHHHHHHHH…\" The clash between two sides continued with violence and battle clash when the Ottoman Turks sent its reinforcement. They soon repelled the Arabs. But battle still happened… \"Bu Arapları katliam!\" ( Slaughter these Arabs! ) Guns and fighting continued. The Arabs had to retreat after found themselves would be surrounded by a bunch of Turkish troops. The Ottoman Empire's Mehmed V asked Enver Pasha what happened in Arabia in the same day at Constantinople… ##### Constantinople, Ottoman Empire \"Bu Enver, ne olduğunu?\" ( This is what, Enver? ) \"Birşey Araplar gizlice silahlar desteklemeye ve Ermeni ve Kürt isyancılara kollar satıyorsanız söylüyor…\" ( Something tells me that the Arabs are secretly supporting weapons and selling arms to the Armenian and Kurdish rebels… ) \"Sen… sen… sen aptal…\" ( You… you… you stupid… ) Mehmed V, Sultan of the Caliphate, was having a serious illness, so he could not control what Enver's doing. Turkish military corruption was the remaining problem for his illness. But in other way, Talaat Pasha also made a serious greetings… \"Enver!\" \"Talaat! Orada seni görmek öyle şaşırıyor.\" ( It is so surprised to see you there. ) \"Bir problemimiz var.\" ( We have a problem. ) Before going back to the bed, Sultan Mehmed V saw that Talaat carried something, but it was too… wet to see… ##### Arabia The Arab force had to change its tactics from sudden attack to hide and seek… \"خطوة خطوة خطوة!\" ( Move move move! ) They were not inside the patrol, instead they came to a nearby oasis. However something had been waiting them… …and they did not know… \"أصلان! هنا!\" ( Aslan! Here! ) And there they had it, they hid inside the oasis, waiting the mistake of the Turks. And they did wait for it. The Turks were hunting them. The Arabs waited… … … … … … \"جيدة، والآن هجوم مفاجئ مرة أخرى!\" (Good, now sudden attack again!) They moved out, and they thought the Turks were trapped. But unfortunately, a Turkish sergeant aimed them behind. All of them felt cold… \"Tutuklusun!\" ( You're under arrest! ) \"Huh?\" They didn't understand why, but the Turks just appeared so fast, they quickly arrested them and brought them to the Bey… And so be it, it was the smell of regional revolt… began. ##### Cairo, Egypt Lawrence saw the sky, he found that sooner or later something would have to come to Arabia. He predicted… \"Well, this is strange, never see the sky like that.\" He wrote it into his notebook, mentioning about the face of a Sheikh. About himself he had to deal that any orders would come and be there. The British Empire was looking for an expansion, so he had to keep continuing. He did know that. For over 2 years, he wrote, watching news, only for his experience counting on. He wanna run with the time, because for him, he would return to Arabia, for military actions. Even so, he still remembered Dahoum… \"Dahoum… where are you now?\" Newcombe just came out. He asked Coco… \"Coco!\" \"Yes Sir?\" \"How do you feel?\" \"Better now Sir!\" \"Today is your guard?\" \"Yes Sir!\" \"Don't call me Sir, I am just a normal officer, boy.\" \"Sorry Officer.\" \"Haha.\" Newcombe checked him, he smiled: \"Lawrence is doing so well. Keep continuing.\" He did not even mention about Lawrence's mentioning something from the window. With Lawrence, he after mentioned about it, he felt that everything would be waiting for him, might be even his student Coco. So he returned to the bed. \"Oh dear.\" After taking a moment… … … … … … He decided to run down. He went on checking Coco. He arrived slowly. He would not do so fast like that, until that day. \"Coco!\" \"Yes Sir?\" Now Coco found that Lawrence: \"What do you want Sir?\" \"Ahh, calm down. Do you wanna make an adventure?\" \"Adventure?\" \"Of course. We will go to Arabia soon. I did live there for nearly 4 years, so I have more experiences. But you never arrive, so I worry for you. This was why I come.\" \"Anything for you, Sir. What would you want me to do?\" \"Just like this.\" He whispered, told something than Coco's eyes turned light. He saw this like a mission… \"Okay, Sir, I would try…\" \"Be brave, my man. Tomorrow, I will start your training mission.\" Coco just stood there, while Lawrence left… Lawrence knew that… but he had to do the best… ##### Arabia Those minimal revolts were suppressed by the Turks, but the Ottoman authorities worried that there would be more than those ones. They spent a night to talk. No one knew why. Those authorities also worried about their sovereignty as their land was close to Britain. British force in Egypt was looking for an invasion, so the Turks must try to do… … And everything was on the verge of a Middle East war… Britain vs. Ottoman…[Chapter 41] And so… ##### Today… Rio de Janeiro, Brazil At the day the final arrived, the gang was invited to take a seat in the Maracanã. In there, they were taking back the book of Ali… \"So, Lawrence would go around somewhere?\" \"According from history? Yes.\" Tom examined: \"There are some more things to talk. Do anybody think that Neymar has some link with that Briton?\" Tom did make that question since he saw something unsure about Neymar. Kid just said: \"Later, I will try.\" They just stepped out from it, they thought much as possible. To cross this wasn't simple. The only thing they could really see, was totally a Lawrence's story. They found themselves stuck with it, they were interested… \"Well said, now, is this the time?\" \"We have just slept, and then, we continued to seek a ticket to Rio de Janeiro, what else damn it?\" \"Okay okay!\" Dora-rinho tried to convince them: \"We have to go!\" They then came out, to check. They checked on their place, they checked the stade… They watched everything they got… They seemed to be interested… … … … … … … … … … … And then, Doraemon… \"Ouch!\" He just made a contact. But when he looked up, he was surprised… \"Wait, it's… you again!\" \"Oh, sorry!\" She was… oh, Doraemon soon found that she was Linda Gunderson, no difference. So, Doraemon quickly noticed again. Might be she had something to tell. Contacting with her over more than 3 times must be a sign. Doraemon arrived to Kid and whispered… But Dora-the-Kid just laughed: \"It is useless man, what can we hope for?\" \"Huh? I just read a little circle around the book, and I saw that… this girl must be playing a special potential place in the past, don't you think?\" To not forget, after a day reading, they found themselves had to sleep. After that, they returned, waiting for the final. They prepared themselves carefully, but Linda's existence later made some of them began to read this again. Not to mention her role, simply about the spix-macaws. And how those macaws linked to T. E. Lawrence in the past? Doraemon claimed he had read the middle for a while, but he was amazed about macaws. So, what did it give for them… … \"I guess we should listen to our leader.\" Wang Dora opened… \"I believe Doraemon has something to tell. Don't you think?\" \"Uhhhmmm…\" Kiddo just kept a moment in silent, then… \"Okay, so, where are we going?\" \"Just read!\" Tom, Jerry and others also agreed… And so be it, their trip continued… \"Well, let's watch on. Story in continue!\" … … … … … And by taking the book, they continued their trips… to the past. Also, when they were seeking, they also followed Linda Gunderson… For serious…[Chapter 42] Just crossing the time, through months and months, after watching the video and the story, they could understand a lot of thing behind it. It was more than just one of those… Lawrence's training test to Coco was getting harder, thanked for Newcombe's advises. About the headquarter, General Murray had been waiting for an answer. Finally, he decided to send some officers too. Garland volunteered himself, so then, he had allowed to leave. Finally, Garland reached Arabia… Meanwhile, days to days, Baron van Dora only waited the time when the 7 best arrive… ##### Late 1916 Arabia… Seeing the fate of the Ottoman Empire, but Sharif Hussein did not know how to do. Then, he decided to send a letter to the British headquarter in Cairo… He wrote by any cost, willing to see more men from Britain aiding the revolt. It was the time, no matter what it cost, had to be complete immediately. The war in Arabia was about to come, therefore, only the matter of time as Britain sent more men… … ##### Cairo, Egypt The late training to Coco finally gave Lawrence's result! He had passed! \"Well done, Coco!\" \"Thank you, Major!\" Nozomi also attended to cheer him too: \"Finally…\" Thomas Edward Lawrence, now felt the training was over, had decided to return to his own house in Cairo, where he would paint something about Arabia. Turning out, over months training for Coco wasn't simple for him. It was October, 1916… Nozomi came to hug Coco, making Coco's face turned red… About T. E., he just returned to it, he painted the pic at 7:00 A.M. in Egyptian time. Yeah, with him, he had to finish the analyzing paint about the Near East. The Arab tribes, the Ottomans, history of this region, would be a matter for him, thanked for Syria. \"Yeah, I am willing to end the painting, thanks.\" In here, he painted very well, nice and quick for him. It was the beginning of new month. So Lawrence felt like he needs more powers from it. In there, only old bazaar, with some harem houses, and pharaohs with pyramids, with British existence… He needed more! \"Waaaaaaaaaaaaaa, so tired, oh boy, Coco exhausted my energy a lot…\" He just sat down, painted… …and painted… …and painted… … … … … … … … … … … ##### Now Rio de Janeiro, Brazil \"So what the hell? Nothing said about the training?\" Tom asked. \"Well, Lawrence never admitted about that. He really did not want to put something that too annoying and useless to his story. The same Ali felt. Ali understood so he did not put it.\" Wang said. \"Strange, but, welcome to Maracanã. We have to move on.\" Jerry told something about the Final: \"Go now. We have to read too.\" \"Sure sure, anything else? Good.\" Dora-the-Kid made some question, but Doraemon stated that need more times. Therefore, they had to delay a few, until they got some new results. So the story moved on… … … … ##### October 1916 Cairo, Egypt When Lawrence was busy painting, suddenly, he heard that two officers came to his room. They were… …allowed by General Murray. \"Mr. Lawrence, you have a message!\" \"Message?\" Lawrence turned behind, seeing two men, both gave a letter to him. Then they stated that General Murray wanted to meet him. Lawrence was really surprised… \"Meet me?\" \"Yes, General is waiting for you. Please come with us.\" \"Uhhhh…\" Two officers just left the room, leaving Lawrence behind. Lawrence just opened the letter, and checked it. But the answer totally shocked him… \"What?\" … Lawrence had to go inside the building. In here, General Murray wanna meet him something, so he had to go. When he was going, suddenly Mr. Brighton appeared. \"Mr. Brighton.\" \"Lawrence.\" They both hugged. Mr. Brighton knew what's happening… \"So, General Murray is calling you?\" \"Yeah, teacher. I think he wanna say something for me.\" \"Exactly!\" Mr. Brighton agreed: \"Now, you need to know, when he called you like that, it must be a very important job. Newcombe, Garland,… all have moved to Arabia. So you might be the next.\" \"Me? But…\" \"My boy, do not fear. Just face it. He will grant you permission.\" \"Okay, I will. Make sure about that.\" In there, Spike had been waiting. For a long time, Spike and Brighton did less contact to Lawrence, now they hope they could reconcile again. Spike was waiting for him. After ten months… Yeah… … Lawrence just walked slowly, quite fast and finally… He opened the door… … … … \"Ahh, welcome, you are back!\"[Chapter 43] A very special warm up: When Lawrence saw the job, he was used to participate in the journey into Arabia, by General Murray. Although seemed Lawrence wasn't interested on it, however, his knowledge over Arabia was the only reason for him to go. Even General Murray promised would promote him into a Lieutenant-General. Before the journey, Murray unveiled a special, but he allowed only Lawrence to use. And how to use? It depended on Lawrence. On the horse, Lawrence called Coco, in order to go. Mr. Brighton, he also encouraged Spike to get ready and make step. Spike later went out. Newcombe also followed them. Following the group, was the main order from Pierce C. Joyce. Joyce and Newcombe both walked first before Lawrence followed behind, but later Newcombe refused to follow with Joyce, in order to help Lawrence understanding more about the future war… The Arab Revolt. Let's see what would happen next.[Chapter 44] The time had cleared… … … … Europe Western Front… Lawrence's future partners were at the battlefield… \"FIRE!\" Too many smells of the artillery as those cannons continued to fire. Under pressure of the Germans they had to repulse back as well. Many of German attacks were repulsed. Bombardments everywhere! In this frontier, a man, definitely, he yelled: \"ALRIGHT GANG, THEY ARE RETREATING! NOW!\" It was the soldiers of the King! All hail the Empire! As long as those men were there, they still managed to fight. At least. They went up and ran fast into the German line. Now, a fierce fighting started. \"KILL!\" Those Germans fired from their trench. However in this line, there would be an amazing story. A boy, who found himself had to protect his master. Meanwhile, those future allies of Lawrence, they showed their skills. They smashed. They clashed. Even they created thunder. The battlefield had become like a magical warfare. Too many things that normal people couldn't do were shown. \"ARRRRGGGGHHHHH!\" The earth shook up. All the ground became deadly and painful. But no one listened on it. Then, their swords turned blade. They clashed again. Boom! But the Britons finally reached the German line. \"HERE WE GO!\" \"ARRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!\" Kill, kill, kill and kill! It was their only order. However, with that boy, he only wanted to defend his friend, but also, his partner, the best person. He yelled: \"JUUDAIME!\" As in the frontline, General Douglas Haig looked up. He really, really worried for it. \"Those Doraemons we selected have finally shown up their skills. No wonder they were only used for important battles.\" \"Changing the sky, blast up, destroy everything… Man, they were no longer humans, they are demons now…\" Meanwhile, the boy tried: \"BOSS!\" Huh? He looked back, but suddenly… There was… \"Oh no! Boss! Boss!\" \"BLAM!\" There was a shot… what just happened? No one knew… … … … … … ##### Arabia… After all, Lawrence was offered to take a trip to Arabia. Now, with Coco, and with Spike too, alongside Newcombe, their journey had officially begun. However, Lawrence's eyes closed. He heard something… … … … \" NOW NOW NOW…\" … \" Here are your new allies…\" … \" Take cover on it!\" \" Really?\" … \" Don't let them go…\" … \" Hhhiiccc… ARRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH…\" \" SOMEONE IS YELLING! CHECK OUT!\" … \" It was scarier than I imagined…\" … … … Lawrence suddenly woke up, he found himself unclear for it… \"What does it mean?\" Meanwhile, Coco, Spike and Newcombe were on their trip, seeing Lawrence's face for a while must have taken a question on it. \"What's wrong, Lawrence?\" Lawrence quickly woke up: \"Nothing, nothing at all, guys.\" Generally, those men would have made some questions about Lawrence and why Lawrence had some sudden acts. However, to ensure that their trip was not interrupted, they decided to move on. Lawrence also went as well. On their camels, they moved from this road to other road. But in this desert, what could they do? Of course, just sitting down for nothing at all. It seemed to be acceptable position. And in that road, they went on. With nothing else to say, they could realize that, the heat of Arabia was waiting… ##### Arab Revolt's camp… \"Joyce, is this true that those Arabs could use MG?\" \"You kidding? Wilson, it would be great!\" The charming gentleman, Pierce C. Joyce went up on Cyril when the big fat British officer asked for it. Meanwhile, the leader of those Arabs finally made a question on them. \"Joyce, Cyril!\" \"Ahh, My Lord! So, what just happened?\" Voice from Joyce. \"Tell me, Joyce, how far from here to Istanbul?\" \"Well, I doubt that with this weapon, we are getting closer to those Turks.\" \"Hahaha, seriously, I hope you are right.\" And when they were discussing, suddenly, there was a sound, like… … \"Hold on, Cyril, is this…\" Both three looked into the sky and saw something… flying. Just like big birds with steels… … … \"Oh my Gosh, aircraft! DAMN IT!\" Wilson and Joyce all got surprised, but they soon discovered that would not be an easy welcome. Instead, it would be a massacre if they kept standing. So they yelled: \"ATTACK! LOOK OUT!\" The Prince was fast as well. He yelled in Arabic that a strike from the Turks was here. Therefore, all put the weapons and fired back. But to engage with pilots and aircrafts? It was impossible. The mass bombings had happened… … … … So, the beginning, just started shortly…[Chapter 45] Well, welcome to the Arabian Peninsula. At the time they traveled, they together traveled with a local Arab man, a Bedouin. Lawrence had studied about the Bedouins, therefore, this man might be the chance for him to discover the life of the Bedouin people. The Bedouins are the largest minority group in Arabia, following by some other minorities such as the Turks, the Afro-Arabs, Bedoons and some Berbers living in Arabia as well as sizeable minorities like Persians, Indians, Africans as well. However, since the Ottomans arrival, the Arabs had become overshadowed by the Turks. Even before the Great War, the Arabs were sometimes mistaken to be \"the Turkish dwellers\". Until 1915… … … … Yup, after the British failure to attempt a major route that help Russia, Britain and France connected together, thus caused problem with the losses of Serbia, Romania and Montenegro by the Central Powers, while Bulgaria joined the Germans, the collapse of the Ottoman Empire was declared to be the notable situation in attempt to save the war. France was in deep trouble in Europe, so Lawrence and his gang understood how important their job. As they just still riding… … … \"Hey, Lawrence, is this Arab guy can be trusted?\" Suddenly, on their camels, Spike pointed to the Arab guy wearing all white. Lawrence noticed that, only an Arab could deal with desert. They all covered their heads with helmets, plus they carried a sizeable water to maintain themselves on the hot sand. Lawrence calmly answered: \"Well, this man, is our friend. Neither against us, nor against the Turks, good for us in all way!\" \"Do you think you are a bit of too trustworthy with him, Lawrence?\" \"Spike, everything is composed by me.\" Lawrence smiled. Sounds like Lawrence knew everything and how to deal with it. But did he really know about the real life of the Bedouins? It was about it… … His guider, Nassir, a Bedouin itself, charged his own camel on the road. Nassir's English skills seemed not bad at all. \"Well, Sirs, here we are. We are both crossing through Transjordan to Hejaz Region.\" They quickly noticed… \"Here we go. Hejaz Region.\" \"Suddenly… Hejaz!\" Everyone was surprised that they were in Hejaz. Because of its nature which covered only sand, no one could recognize this. But now, they would encounter one of their biggest missions in their whole life… Yup. Welcome to the Arab world. Officer Coco, T. E. Lawrence, Spike, Newcombe… yeah, with Nassir, they would continue it, until now, they would have nothing to deal with… … … … … … And their trip might just boring like that… until… … … … A well that changed everything![Chapter 46] \"What make a man strong?\" Ahh, yes, this is a typical question. Back to the current era, Kid asked Nikov. They all read and knew it, a question that dated during the ancient era. Of course, it remained into their heads… \"Why you ask that, Kid?\" Doraemon asked. \"I suppose this can be traced from Lawrence.\" \"Lawrence?\" Wang surprised, but looking to here, seemed that he had nothing better to do. \"Well, we gotta keep reading this, dude.\" El Matadora smiled: \"Kid would continue!\" Tom, Jerry and Spike spent more times, and they read again… … … … ##### 1916 Arabia… Under the heat of the desert, the gang continued to move and move… …they knew this was desert, no ending, which made them hard to see… … … … … … Until… \"Hold on!\" the Arab guider, Nassir, told them to rest here. He would go out for a while and took water to drink. So, nearby had a well with a lot of underground water. It was warm… Underground water was the drink of majority Arab population. After the collapse of many Emirates while fighting against the Turks, they always lived like that, still sitting and riding camels… …and taking water from the well… …so be it, Lawrence, and his men, decided to stay on the camels. None of them thought it would be dangerous, as Nassir still went to take water… … … … … following then, I saw someone was touching into our tribe's well. Damn it, I was just coming here. Right on schedule of my patrol. Taking on it, I put my shotgun up. However, I must be fast, because I guessed he had recognized me. And I was right. He found me. He was stealing our water when I came, so he had to take the pistol. At first, I didn't say anything, then I aimed to him. Exactly. He also did the same, put the anaconda, and looked to me. I was riding camel as well. Finally, I decided to shoot at first. And of course, my skill was far superior to this man. He was quickly knocked down by me. But I knew that, it would awaken somebody… … … … Surprised, just like what Ali said. Lawrence and all of the others got surprised with a man who arrived. However, the man had quickly ridden his horse into their place… … …and he just made a statement: \"What are you doing here?\" Right in English language. It surprised all of them. Never saw anyone who spoke English fluently like him. Lawrence asked back: \"Why you kill our guider?\" \"He stole our well to drink water. In our tradition, it is death penalty.\" The man in black costume said: \"Now, if you wanna be alive, follow me. If not, I won't shoot, but you will die lonely in the desert.\" Realizing this was their only choice, Lawrence believed, he would open his heart. So he voiced: \"Alright, let's follow him!\" In that way, they found themselves in the whole new level… … … … …not just the meeting only, but also, might be, this meeting, would be a new upcoming story… for them… … … … … …[Chapter 47] Alright, from this part, we will talk short like this \"As part of this adventure, they would follow a man, who was believed to be close to someone. Of course, at that day, they didn't know who was the person. But I could confirm from my own eyes, I viewed that, the power was very strong. They were nothing like normal people. Definitely! There were something telling me that, trust him, he would. But just not went too far, because there were something, you might never know on him. The trust, based on what happened, just like … … … … Welcome to join us, brother Lawrence.\" It was a part of the book, which would reveal something, this would lead into a story of a further adventure …[Chapter 48] It was that time, Lawrence and his men went on. They stepped on the heat of the sand. Their guide was replaced from the death one to the newly man wearing all black, even covering his body. They were still ongoing a trip that no one was sure about their destination. Meanwhile, the Turks, they were preparing … … … … … Let's hope that, none of them knew … … … … … … The Turks were looking into the situation. They were sending some troops as well. However, it seemed like the order from the high command didn't permit them to do this mission. Instead, they would use the other … \"Hey! Ne oluyor? Bizi izin vermemekteyiz?\" ( Hey! What's happening? They don't allow us? ) \"Onlar özel bir silah istiyorum. Bu yüzden pozisyonları kalmak için anlattı.\" ( They want a special weapon. So they told us to remain positions. ) \"Hhhmmm …\" About that, they just stood there. On the heat of the desert, the Turks would introduce something … … … … … … While Lawrence and his gang were on their way, far from them, it was a camp that a man sat here. Who? Ahhh, an honorable person … \"استمر في التحرك!\" ( Keep moving! ) Meanwhile, many of Arab troops, with guns, were looking on. They were simply preparing for a war … … … … … … And who know. It should be worked … … here we go![Chapter 49] A top secret discussion … outside the British headquarter in Cairo, they showed something over and over again. They requested something to talk over Lawrence and the gang's trip to Arabia. … … … \"Can you sign this please?\" \"We have already announced this.\" … … … \"Don't know what do our Arab friends think but I can seriously believe on some occasion.\" … … … \"Do they need some suggestion I guess. This trip we allowed Lawrence is a very risky deal. I don't even be honest if there is something bad happen. You know the Turks.\" \"By all the way, my Lord, I can assure you, he is the only key for British victory.\" \"Lawrence is a honest by what? I don't even know how talent he is! Damn it!\" \"Lord Murray, no worry. We will handle it.\" … … … \"You need to know what are they doing with.\" \"Time to go, my boy.\" … … … \"Do the great job, then go back to England.\" … … … … … \" Do the great job, then go back to England.\" ","Summary":" So… after someone talked to me about the trailer of Lawrence of Arabia: An Unexpected Journey , I t"}]