[{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"The Window","Author":"Nina Ridgmont","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10121831","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lux sat in her bed in the room she and Cecilia shared. She stared at the empty bed beside her. Wrapped in silence she had yet to accustom herself to, Lux failed to notice her father's approaching footsteps. He stopped by her doorway, studying the room with a frown. \"Why did you open the window?\" Lux's shoulders jerked. She tilted her head towards the window. It gaped open, a tantalizing breeze floating in and tickling at her skin. Beckoning. Luring. \"I don't know.\" Her father left and returned with a hammer and nails. He slid the window shut, then pounded away, driving the nails deep into the sill. His pounding grew heavier, wilder. He finished, shuddering, yet managed to suppress his sobs of grief. \"Good night,\" he said formally to Lux, then strode out. Lux slept. She dreamed that Cecilia was clawing at the window, trying to get out. ","Summary":" Lux sat in her bed in the room she and Cecilia shared. She stared at the empty bed beside her. Wrap"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Tim and Cecelia","Author":"PicnicAtHangingRockGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5593046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own The Virgin Suicides. Cecelia gripped the sink and raised her head to look in the mirror, meeting her own spiritual eyes that observed more bad things then good in the world. She looked away, letting them fall on her father's razor Mr. Lisbon had forgotten to put away. She took it in her small feminine hand, bringing it close to her wrist. She looked up at the mirror again, now seeing her spiritual eyes filled with the fear her trembling body revealed. A week before, her sisters Mary and Lux had taken her along to the convenience store to simply get away from the house. Once inside, the girls scanned over every magazine the store had. \" Which one do you think I should buy?\" Mary had asked. \" Which ever one you like,\" Cecelia had answered in a bored voice. Mary frowned, but Lux smiled at her, \"I bet I know which one you'd like.\" \" Leave her alone, Luxie.\" Mary scolded her. \" You sound like mom.\" Lux said before going off to talk to the handsome young man at the counter. Mary put her arm around Cecelia, \"You can get a wedding magazine if you want, I'll pay for it. You can get what ever you want.\" Cecelia chose one wedding magazine and another magazine at random. Mary paid for both, without question. * * * When they got home Cecelia took them up to her room and looked at the one she had selected randomly, finding an article about a girl who used to cut herself to ease, as the article put it, \"…all the pain she locked away.\" At the time, Cecelia thought the girls actions were the epitome of bad choices parents warned their kids from making. She looked away from the frightened girl in the mirror and watched her father's razor press hard against her skin. Cecelia braced herself for the pain she knew was about to come by taking a deep breath, like she was at the doctor's office and not about to self-mutilate herself. She dragged the blades down, biting her lip not cry out in pain, and gave a twitch of agony. Despite the ache her wrist felt, she put the razor in that hand to press and drag it down her other wrist. She accidentally dropped the razor that time in the toilet and stared at solemnly her bloody wrists. She tried to imagine her problems mixed in the blood pumping out of her veins and then felt her heart skip a beat. Panic engulfed her, with the memory that the article had said the girl nearly killed herself by cutting her wrists. Cecelia, not wanting to die, turned on the shower, fighting the pain it gave her wrists, so she could wash the cuts she had made. All the times of adults telling her to clean injuries had Cecelia convinced that she could save her life with a bathtub full of water. She laid down in the lukewarm water and kept her dress on because she wanted to her cuts to get cleaned before it was too late, all the while reliving a moment of her recent past. She had been lying on the grass, a breeze pulling it in all directions. The clouds overhead made images of rabbits, elephants, and giraffes for her too look at. \" Cecelia, time to come in!\" her mother's voice called, making her sigh and get up. After having bee lying down so long, her head felt dizzy and she lost her balance. She would have fallen if it hadn't been for the reliable arms of Tim Weiner. She looked up to see his friendly and trustworthy face. \" Are you alright?\" he asked, genuinely concerned. She straightened up, \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" He smiled in a way that made her heart flutter like the wings of a butterfly, \"Well, that's good. I wouldn't want anything bad happen to you.\" Cecelia smiled a little, \"Thank you.\" Tim smiled more, like he was laughing, \"You have a pretty smile.\" \" I do?\" Cecelia inquired. \" Yeah,\" he said, \"everyone thought so too when you were baby. I got to hold you and you looked,\" he ran his fingers through his hair, \"really cute when you smiled.\" \" Oh,\" Cecelia said, both of them looking away meekly. \" I like your dress,\" he said about her old wedding dress she had cut to make a summer dress, \"it looks good on you.\" \" Thanks,\" Cecelia said. As an awkward silence set in, she said, \"I better go before my mom comes out.\" \" Bye.\" he said a little reluctantly. \" Bye.\" she said, walking away. Before she went inside she looked in back of her and saw he was still there. She waved and he waved back, looking like he desperately wanted to tell her something. \" What?\" Cecelia asked, seeing the shock in his face from her knowing he wanted to speak. \" It was nice talking to you.\" he said. She smiled at Tim a little, \"It was nice for me too.\" and she walked toward the house. Cecelia could barely remember being carried out of the bath tub, but they told her all about it when she woke up in the hospital. They labeled her incident as an attempt at sending her own life even after she explained how she kept her face above water so she wouldn't drown. When they asked about the deep cuts in her wrists, she was too embarrassed to explain. The doctor, a fat man with a moustache, came to see her. He looked at her like someone who's been through war, \"You're not even old enough to know how bad life gets.\" She didn't try to explain that she didn't try to kill herself, (she had accepted the fact that no one at the hospital or anyone else would believe her) but told Dr. Horniker with a bored expression, \"Obviously, doctor, you've never been a thirteen year old girl.\" … and in love , she had wanted to add. * * * Cecelia sat alone on a stool in the basement, waiting for the guests to arrive. She was wearing her usual 1920's wedding dress, cut at the bottom. She hadn't told anyone, not even her sisters, why she washed it everyday so she could wear. \" I like your dress, it looks good on you.\" She had looked good enough to him, for him to tell her so. From that day on, Cecelia had decided she always wanted to look that good to him. She secretly prayed it would make him talk to her again. And on the night of the party, she thought her prayers might be answered. They filed in one by one, the neighborhood boys they had decided to invite over, and Cecelia immediately picked out Tim. She tried to will him with her mind to come over and talk to her, but he chose Therese. All she could do was watch Therese enjoy his company instead of hers. To avoid crying in public, she asked her mother to be excused. She pulled herself up the stairs, all the while thinking about what a fool she'd been to think a seventeen year old boy would love a thirteen year old girl. * * * Cecelia pushed open the gaping window in her room, feeling the cold air of the night caress her bare arms. She shivered a moment, but then climbed outside the window. Cecelia took a last look at her room, considering she might never see it again after running away. She had to run away because if she stayed here it meant having to face Tim. It was the only solution, she decided. He probably already thought she was a \"kook\" after her alleged suicide attempt. She even had to wonder if he had ever liked her at all. \" It was nice talking to you.\" he said. She smiled at Tim a little, \"It was nice for me too.\" and she walked toward the house. She reached out to support herself on the top of another window ledge, but she slipped off as soon as she let go off the one she had come out of. She fell so fast through the air that she couldn't even manage to get out a scream. * * * After the boys found Cecelia's diary… Tim sat on the floor alone in his room that night, with a spotlight from the moon being what aloud him to read Cecelia's diary. He flipped through the countless entries on trees, but then felt his heart skip a beat at the sight of his name. Today I was watching clouds in the front yard, but then mom said I had to come. When I got up, I felt dizzy and nearly collapsed, but one of the neighborhood boys caught me before that happened. His name is Tim and he's really smart. He told me I have a nice smile and that I looked pretty in that old wedding dress I have. I'm going to keep wearing it everyday so that I look pretty to him, even with all the washing I'm going to have to have to do. I know he's seventeen, but maybe seeing me in a wedding dress will make him think about me as a bride. Maybe, he'll ask me to marry him or at least ask me out. I think I'm in love with him. It must be love because I feel like I'll die without him. Tim stared at the page for a few seconds, without a response. His breathing became heavy and he could feel himself shaking. Tim looked at the other side of the page to see Cecelia Weiner (his last name) scribbled all over it at different angles. He began snapping the page out of the page out of the diary, careful to make it look like no other page had originally been there. He couldn't tell the other guys this, was all he thought as he felt the urge to cry push against him from the inside. He crumbled the severed page in his fist, letting it rest near his heart. He thumped the back of his head against the wall, without verbally releasing any sign of pain. All the while thinking, I would have asked her out. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own The Virgin Suicides. Cecelia gripped the sink and raised her head to look i"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Amor de Recreo","Author":"RocketQueen18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6763393","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Su amor de recreo. Así le gustaba llamar Trip Fontaine a Lux Lisbon, ya que en el recreo era el único momento del día donde la podía ver. Claro que nunca de cerca, se limitaba a sentarse en las sombras del edificio central escolar para observar la rubia cabellera de Lux brillar al sol junto a la de sus hermanas. Era preciosa. Muchas veces había tratado de acercarse, pero nunca se había animado. Un bloqueo mental asaltaba su mente cada vez que la tenía frente a él y lo peor de todo es que mas nervioso se ponía al tener que hablar con ella mientras estaba rodeada de sus hermanas. Pero ese día había sido diferente, luego de invitarla al baile hace dos días Lux le pidió que al sonar la campana la esperara justo donde estaba parado él. En las sombras. Finalmente sonó ese timbre tan ansiado por él y su respiración comenzó a agitarse. Sus manos temblaban levemente y sus músculos se tensaban. Todos los estudiantes regresaban a sus clases. Todos menos Trip y Lux que al ver a sus hermanas esperarla les pidió que le dejaran un momento sola. Lux se sentaba sobre una mesa en el medio de parque, Trip la observaba apoyado contra la pared con las manos en los bolsillos. Ella se levantó, lo miró, le sonrió y le hizo una señal con su dedo para que se acercara sin decir nada. Trip obedeció como un perro que lo llama su amo. En ese momento ella rodeó la mesa y comenzó a caminar hacia el pequeño edificio de mantenimiento, Trip la seguía sin decir una palabra. Lux entró y arrimo la puerta, a los pocos segundos entró Trip. Todo sucedió en un segundo, al cerrar la puerta ella se abalanzó sobre él rodeando sus caderas con las piernas y enlazándolas en su espalda. Él tomo sus muslos y la sostuvo mientras los acariciaba y descubría que Lux no presentaba ninguna queja ante el tacto, es mas, suspiraba al parecer de placer. Se besaron desesperadamente, como si fuera el último beso en la tierra. La misma pasión que hubo en el primer beso que le dio Lux en su auto, esa misma pasión, estaba presente en ese pequeño armario con olor a humedad. Ella no paraba, comenzó a abrirle la camisa del uniforme escolar por los botones superiores, pero Trip la detuvo. - Lux…- susurró sin fuerzas, un susurro de placer y pasión. Ella respondió besándole el cuello, provocando que las rodillas del muchacho flaquearan. Ella lo silenció de un chistido, pero el volvió a llamarla. - Lux… acá no.- Trip le pidió que no hicieran nada en ese armario. No le gustaba en absoluto el olor a humedad, las herramientas colgadas de las paredes, los sonido de el patio, la poca luz. - ¿Entonces donde?-preguntó Lux alejando un poco su torso de el de él para mirarlo fijamente en la oscuridad. - En el baile.-le contestó en un susurro. Lux desprendió su agarre de las piernas y bajo poniéndose en pie, era mucho mas baja que él. Una sensación de soledad recorrió el cuerpo de ambos. Se tenían sed. El la beso nuevamente y ella se pegó a Trip completamente. El muchacho inspiro sorprendido. No debía suceder nada en ese cuarto de mantenimiento. No en ese momento. Ella rió y caminó hacia la puerta, abrió una rendija y miro hacia afuera para comprobar que nadie rondaba. Al estar segura la abrió y salio corriendo hacia el edificio central, donde las clases ya habían comenzado hace muchos minutos. Trip la siguió mascando el chicle sabor frutilla que Lux se olvido en su boca. Era distinta a toda chica que hubiera conocido en toda su vida. Parecía una virgen, pero las apariencias engañan. Ahí iba corriendo por el patio del colegio la chica que le hacia sentir tantas cosas en un instante, la que despertó un nuevo sentimiento en él. Ahí iba corriendo su amor de recreo. Pequeño Drabble inventado por mí. En la pelicula nunca sucede esta situación, pero se me ocurrió y bueno... aca esta. Espero que les guste y dejen su Review, se lo voy a agradecer. Saludos, Flor Black ","Summary":" Su amor de recreo. Así le gustaba llamar Trip Fontaine a Lux Lisbon, ya que en el recreo era el úni"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"For The Records","Author":"sora kazega","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8934153","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Truly i enjoyed writing this as much as i enjoyed the movie and the book, which I read and saw only last weekend. I wrote this whilst i was still in the VS-zone and am happy with how it turned out: since what i was trying to emulate was the narrative that Eugenides wrote the book with, which i find truly marvelous and Coppola's great choice of quotes for the movie made it exactly as it should be. This is a little something about the boys and how the girls affected them later in life. It came to me as i read about the 'song conversation', and as such you should read it with them on, take your pick: \"Alone Again, Naturally,\" Gilbert O'Sullivan \"You've Got a Friend,\" James Taylor \"Where Do the Children Play?, Cat Stevens \"Dear Prudence, \" The Beatles \"Candle in the Wind, \" Elton John \"Wild Horses,\"The Rolling Stones \"At Seventeen, \" Janice Ian us \"Time in a Bottle,\"Jim Croce the Lisbon girls \"So Far Away,\" Carole Kingand most of all \"Make it with you\", Bread. That last one is a must! Disclaimer : Coppola and Eugenides own this, I could never have come up with something this great! Nor do any of the lyrics belong to my mind as the spot of their creation. Italics = actual lyrics For the Records Over the years we forget more and more about them, even the evidence we collected in order to try and understand the girls and their reasoning is wasting away at the hands of time. Evidently, so are we; wasting away our life as thoughts of what-ifs plague our brain continuously. How our brain and eyes make us imagine every love and lover we've had as one of them, most especially as Lux on those cold days on the roof. Tim even got to do it on a roof for real once, and yet he said: \" It was so close and yet the furthest away I've ever been.\" What that exactly entailed even he doesn't know. We make them put on that strawberry lipstick, that forbidden red fruit of our deepest desire, and Joe Hill Conley makes every one of them drink peach schnapps to go back in time to that one night when he had Bonnie and thus the world. He still regrets not having called when he had the chance and perhaps in some sort of act to ask for forgiveness he has an iguana as a pet. On that very same night Mary completely rejected Parkie Denton, no kiss, handshake or hug even though he'd been her date. Had even been denied the pleasure of walking her to the door, but he still stubbornly drives that Yellow Cadillac, listening to the same station that Lux had put on after finally finding her favorite song. We asked if he ever became tired of it, he shot the question right back and the ensuing silence said enough. Chase, out of all of us, has it the worst as he blames himself for things we didn't do. For things which we didn't, don't and in all honesty probably never will understand. Yes, when Lux undid that belt buckle of his she left a part of herself behind. He smokes now and elongated that belt so that he could always wear it, as if to carry that part of her around with him forever. When another blonde undoes its clasp he'll see her standing in that room looking on with that wry and mocking smile of hers, cigarette in hand and those velvet eyes. \" Never found another set like them, and I've looked.\" Kevin Head tries to find Mary in girls who are just as aloof but has yet to succeed. When we ask he says with a shake of his head: \"Not one of them has a capped tooth.\" or \" They don't care about mirrors.\" Tim on the other hand searches for the lightest blonde of the five, Therese, and has had no better luck. Even the Ivy League girls, whom she would have become one of, didn't snare him up. We think he put it best when he said something we all agree upon: \" You see those girls we meet, they don't wear the right things. No nightgowns of pure white, no white puritan dresses which hide everything and make touching the skin beneath that fabric the most sensual thing. We don't like things that reveal, because we've become addicted to the mystery. Only orange bikinis do it, man. Only goddamn orange bikinis.\" During the day we see only the bare glimpses of them at times, a shimmering mirage for a hungered out man in the desert. We don't like our days and trudge through them as if it were made of hot sand resigned until night takes us away to where we want to go: a world unblemished and long gone. It's here that we quench our thirst because remembering them during the day is almost impossible, but in our dreams they are still as vivid as if they hadn't been dead for twenty years. On the photos, exhibit #1 through #97, the colors are fading and the dimples and such details are gone and make the five of them indistinguishable from each other. In our dreams, however, we see them crystal clear: Cecilia, dreamy yellow eyes looking out to the sky whilst on her lap rests her diary unruffled whilst her own brown hair lies on her shoulders; Lux sun tanning on her green towel clad only in orange bikini and that smirk as she caught us looking, eyes crinkled in vague amusement; Bonnie like an angel, serene and serious sitting with her feather-filled jumper on the footsteps looking at the sunrise; Mary blowdrying her hair which flutters in front of an open window whilst looking in her mirror and for once smiling instead of that aloof almost bored look; and Therese, soft spoken, golden haired and too tooth filled smiling Therese as she spun round and round on the only dance she would ever go to. We never say it out loud, never confess to it, but we know it of each other anyway. Every single one of us still gets those travel magazines and with some alcohol in our system were once again travelling trough the countries we don't know with the girls at our side only this time as a family; one of them our wife, the bearer of our children. And whilst we read these magazines of unfamiliar places we listen to songs we know with all our heart, the lyrics engraved on our souls. They are the songs we played in some absurd game of Ping-Pong on those last summer days before Lux, Bonnie, Mary and Therese joined Cecilia. Gods, how these melodies make us dance, laugh and smile and most of all how they make us cry because no matter how much we imagine whilst listening to them we never come any closer to understanding those girls, or perhaps in a moment of broken and drunken lucidity we do, which makes us break down all the same. Chase is most prone to these drunken spells because he carries a piece of Lux's soul, which is stronger than any we posses in memorabilia and photo's. He's the happiest in them. She talks to him, and he to her, of days long gone by when the world was full of sunshine and still innocent. When Elms still stood tall with green leaves instead of yellow and when the biggest event was touching a whale and commenting on the smell of it. And always right before she goes she unclasps that buckle, but this time she smiles. He wakes up without hang over and can go through the next few days whilst still high on a conversation with a ghost, one of \"a high school girl with a clear skin smile\". Those lyrics, we know them so well that we've even self-styled a few of them to fit our own situation. For 'Time in a Bottle' by Jim Croce: \"If I had box full of wishes, of dreams that never came true. Then it'd be full, each one of them there due to you.\" And for 'Make it with you' by Bread: \" Life can be short or long . Yours being short made our love go wrong.\" The only song we could not, and never will change is Elton John's 'Candle in the Wind' because it is too fitting. \" Your candle burnt out long before your legend ever did.\" It's the song that usually makes us let a few manly tears fall. A girl once broke one of Demo Karafilis' records and it's the only time he's ever hit a girl, he wasn't sorry about it neither. It'd been ' Make it with you'; the one song that we knew meant the girls loved us too. And that is ultimately the reason why we hold on so tightly to anything of them: objects, a dream, a memory or even a phantasm or drunken hallucination. We try to find out why they did it because we want to understand and help them still twenty years post mortem. We want to, like naïve children, make ourselves believe that love transcends time and death. When they appear, flickering like lights in their irregular pattern, we think back to that red Chinese lantern and try to figure out the message they are sending to us now. In the end, like them, we haven't truly aged or changed; were still a group of boys trying to reach for the other side, climbing on rainbows. ","Summary":" AN: Truly i enjoyed writing this as much as i enjoyed the movie and the book, which I read and saw "},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Marcas de nacimiento","Author":"femmetroublee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8284173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Marcas de nacimiento , por femmetroublee . Después de la desaparición de Cecilia, Mary también desapareció. . En el barrio decimos desaparecer porque morir es una palabra muy fuerte. Las vecinas dicen: la chiquilla ya está descansando . Necesitaba descansar del ajetreo de la casa . Su madre seguramente la tenía agobiada . Dictan. Esto es así. Esto es de esta manera. No preguntan sobre la composición de las cosas; las componen, a trazos brutos, y al final se caen solas a pedazos. Nuestros padres hablan en murmullos. Nos acercamos y otra vez silencio. Se huele el miedo, nos miran dormir en nuestras camas, donde todavía descansamos con los ojos abiertos, esperando a que duerman, despreocupados. No somos Cecilia, no vamos a morirnos porque queremos, vamos a envejecer y el miedo que tienen de perder a lo más querido en el mundo va a terminar por ser inútil. Pero quién se los dice. Quién les dice que después de una bomba nuclear nos podremos concentrar de nuevo en mirar si las hormigas viven, o no. O no. . Mary se volvió etérea. Con la excusa de los casilleros conjuntos, la espié entre las rejillas, entre el aire y el calor de los corredores de la escuela; los cuadernos que se le caían al suelo y recogía al instante; las sobras de comida que olvidaba y apestaban a lo largo del día. Le espié los mismos calcetones, el cabello rubio y lacio, la marca de nacimiento que escondía mientras ladeaba la cabeza, las uñas mordidas. Mary se volvió etérea. Su presencia olía a agua, a humedad, al olor de la lluvia sobre la tierra y, de pronto, a nada. Se desvanecía, caminaba. Los calcetones; un tropiezo, la mancha amarillenta sobre el talón, los zapatos más chicos que de costumbre. Los zapatos de Cecilia. En un momento le vi en el rostro la maldición que las chicas Lisbon cargaron hasta el último día. Lo olvidé a la mañana siguiente. Me pareció ver a Cecilia sentada en donde la vieja verja estaba. Busqué a Mary en la clase del señor Lisbon y contestó, apenado, que le había dado una diarrea terrible. Mary se hubiera muerto de haberlo escuchado. Mary se hubiera muerto. . -No hay necesidad de que me hables. O también: -No hay necesidad de que hablemos. O: -Te conozco desde que tengo memoria. Y no tienes por qué hablarme. . De cualquier manera, los mismos calcetones. Los zapatos empequeñecidos y tomados sin permiso, una barrera invisible entre Mary Lisbon y el mundo entero. Una barrera entre cualquiera de las cuatro hermanas: un fantasma que no deseaba quedarse, pero que igualmente arrastraban consigo. . Mary desapareció y en los noticieros se siguió hablando de Cecilia. \"No hay necesidad\", hubiera dicho alguien como rumor, afirmando, atrapando lo poco humano que le quedaba a Mary en los zapatos pequeños de Cecilia. Mary se volvió Cecilia. El resto de las Lisbon también. Nosotros, nuestros padres, la misma huelga de los obreros del cementerio. Y aún así nunca fuimos ella, no en serio. Nos sabíamos de memoria su destino , o como lo llamaran las vecinas, el futuro brillante que podría haber tenido e incluso, para las más soñadoras, que sería una activista social aliada a Greenland, o como fuera que se llamara esa asociación que está en contra de que maten árboles y ballenas. Nunca fuimos ella, ellas. . Tampoco tienes por qué enterarte, pero todos morimos un poco cuando nos dimos cuenta de que también podíamos morir. Y huimos. Justo después de los señores Lisbon, huimos todos. De vez en cuando volvemos, pasamos por las casas con la intención de no quedarnos, de volver a huir antes de que el barco se hunda, y ahí está Cecilia, con el mismo vestido, una marca de nacimiento en la mejilla, descalza. . . ","Summary":" Marcas de nacimiento , por femmetroublee . Después de la desaparición de Cecilia, Mary también desa"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Why did you leave like this","Author":"Supernaturalchick85","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4029474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I dornnot own the movie the virgin suicides Storyline: Luxrnpoint of view on how Cecelia's death effected her on the inside. Lux laid on her bed.rnShe been like that all day. Since her parents pulled her and sisterrnout of school they all couldn't do anything that was fun anymore.rnLux knew it was her fault. She shouldn't have went to the fieldrnthat night of the dance and made out with on the field. Seeing thatrnhe just left and abandon her in the middle of nowhere even hurted herrnmore. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I dornnot own the movie the virgin suicides Storyline: Luxrnpoint of view on how Ceceli"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Laughter Hauntings","Author":"Teen Mom Kelly","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5164557","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the year 2010 when I moved into the house that hadn't been occupied for more then three months at a time. I remember driving up to house in the back of my father's BMW convertible while looking out the window. I remember my mother telling my father that the front of the house had been remodeled so it wouldn't look so old fashion. I stared at the front door in wonder. I'd heard stories about this house, how one woman was taken from this house to an insane asylum. As I stepped out of the car I saw adults staring at us as we walked up to the walk way. My father patted the top of my head before unlocking the front door. As I entered the house I was immediately chilled as I stared at the empty space that was filled with things that just didn't belong. My mother pushed me towards the stairs as if prompting me to explore. My mother was a proud woman; she had set her foot in the ground and insisted we wouldn't be scared away by fairy-tales. I wasn't so sure. Slowly I ascended the stairs. When I reached the top I stared at the hallway. Family pictures already lined the walls as if they belonged there. Slowly I went the last step up to the floor. I stepped forward into the hallway that made me want to turn and flee. Slowly I walk to the room at the end of the hall. I pushed open the door to my new room. The room was big with large windows that filled it with sunlight. Even though it was bright I couldn't help but feel cold and dark. That night as I climbed into bed I heard water droplets in the bathroom. I turned on my side, away from the bathroom, hoping it would go away. My father came in and told me one of his famous stories from his childhood. When I woke it wasn't to sunlight or my mother in the kitchen, it was to the sound feet against the floor. I turned to look at my clock to see it was only four in the morning. I got out of my bed and walked into the hallway to hear five different voices. The voices where laughing. Slowly I walked down to the first floor, then farther down to the basement. When I got to the basement the voices disappeared. My eyes shifted around the basement and for a split moment I saw party decorations and a scream of a name that I couldn't quite understand. I stared at the basement for a moment before turning and walking up the stairs to the first floor. I sat at the counter for two hours, listening for a sign of life. That's when my mother came down. My mother was happy and gay but I wasn't. I walked to the living room to watch TV when my eyes caught a glimpse of something out the window. I quickly walked towards it to find a man standing in front of our house. He was staring at the house with a dark shadow of a face. Suddenly his eyes turned to me. I jumped back in fright as I stared out the curtained window. An hour later, while I was up in my room doing my homework at my desk, when I saw something out my window. A child no older then ten was stopped on his bike, staring up at the house in a wonder that mirrored my own. The only difference was my wonder was magnified ten times. Finally he mounted his bike and left. My eyes were about to go back to my textbook when I saw a flash of white. I looked back out and saw four wisps of blonde hair and white silk nightgowns. They were standing in front of a tree with their pale hands clasped. With a blink of my eyes they were gone. The night came too soon. As I crawled into bed I heard the dripping of water again. I stayed in bed for an hour before I realized I wasn't going to sleep till the water dripping seized. I walked into my bathroom and stopped at the sink. It was then I realized there was something wet on my foot. I looked down at realized I'd stepped in a few drops of a red liquid. I turned to my bathtub and saw a girl amerced in red water. I screamed and stepped back staring at her. My parents came running in and asked me what was wrong. When I pointed to the tub they asked me what happened. I looked over the rim to see it was clean, nothing was in it. I quickly told them I'd seen a spider and they put me back to bed. My father told me a story to comfort me and my mother sang me a childhood lullaby. It was morning when I finally had enough courage to get out of bed. I ran down the steps to the kitchen. Why was I seeing these things? What was my connection to these girls? What happened to them that was so horrible? Later that night I felt the brush of a tiny hand on my shoulder. I shivered as I turned to see quick wisps of blonde hair disappearing behind the wall. Before I could look my mother took my hand and led me up the stairs to my bed. She told me goodnight and disappeared through the doorway. I stared at the door, thinking of the five girls that I'd seen. I wondered about them. What had happened to them? Why did they haunt this house? Why did they scare you, taunt you? I listen for my parents. When I don't hear anything I creep down the stairs to the computer room. I got in and typed in my address. A few articles popped up but nothing popped out at me. I sighed as I walked out of the room into the kitchen. I took a brownie off the plate on the counter and turned to leave when something caught my eye, again. Lying on the counter was a gift with a bow. I walked over to it to and opened it to reveal a green book that looked old. I sat at the counter to read it. When I arrived to the last page I found something written in different handwriting. This handwriting was defiantly a boy's. It read: Virgin Suicides with four names at the bottom. Quickly I ran to the computer and typed in the address + Virgin Suicide. Only one article came up. I clicked on it. The Virgin Suicides In the early 1970s, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon had five daughters. Their youngest daughter, Cecilia, was the first to kill herself. About a month after the remaining four daughters had a suicide free for all. Therese was the second of the five sisters to go by taking sleeping pills. Bonnie was the third to go, committing suicide less then ten minutes after her eldest sister by hanging herself. Mary was the next to go by sticking her head in the oven. Luz was the last to go by carbon monoxide poisoning. The girls committed suicide without any suicide notes, leaving the reason for their suicides impossible to determine. The suicides were later known as the Virgin Suicides. I leaned back in my chair as I realized the connection. It was stupid, yes, but now I understood. The next day I was out on the front lawn, watching the blonde girls laugh as they played ring around the rosy. I smiled as I listened to their laughter. I had stayed up all night, reading Cecilia's diary. I knew then why the girls haunted the house. They finally having fun together like real children. A smile spread across my lips as I watched them in their white nightgowns, running across the lawn and dancing around the tree. It was then Cecilia turned and waved to me. I waved back and offered her a real smile that was sincere and true. It was then my mother called out to me. \"Cecilia, come inside.\" I smiled one last time to the girls as they laughed and waved at me. I smiled and returned the wave to them before turning and running into the house that to this day sends shivers down my spine. Never did I marry because of the five girls that roamed the halls. I never had children. I never spoke to the girls, but I took care of them till the day I died. \" Cecilia!\" The name I had not understood as a child. ","Summary":" It was the year 2010 when I moved into the house that hadn't been occupied for more then three mont"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Cecilia's tale","Author":"Mrsdarrenshan95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5470942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cecilia The tree was planted when I was born. So, as it's leaves grew scarce and the twigs dried out, I felt like I was drying out, my good thoughts growing scarce. I remember hot summers reading Jane Austen amongst its branches. I remember cold winters, watching the tree in all it's naked beauty. The red squirrels, quarrelling and chasing each other to the top of the tree. Giggling as little chicks toddle around awkwardly. All them, gone. An end of an era. It seemed right that I should go with it. I explained all this to my parents as I lay on the hospital bed. The itchy blanket causing a rash on my thigh. It feels reassuring to know I can still feel pain. They sit there in disbelief. My mothers face as pale as the sheet on my bed and my father, trying to see some logic in it. The air feels awkward. I take in the room around me with my nose wrinkling as the smell of stale disinfectant hits my nose and makes a permanent imprint. The cotton blue walls and crystal white floors which surround me in a never ending prison. The only reassurance is the view out of the window. The hospitals green lush garden alive with life. Each bush with it's own red admiral butterfly. Daisy's littered the lawn. Oh what I wouldn't give to be out there with my sisters, making daisy chains and braiding each others hair. I look back at my parents. My mother seems to have regained composure and is getting up to leave. My father gets up and kisses me on the forehead. I feel emptiness as they go and I wish I was going with them. Cecilia came home last night. She walked in and went straight up to her room to gaze out of her window. Bonnie went in to talk to her and cheer her up a bit. Bonnie was the one who first found her. She walked into the bathroom to get the aspirin and Cecilia was lying on the floor with blood spurting out of her hands. Back in my room. These four walls encompassing me... again. I'm glad the tree is still there. My sisters are still sleeping and my father is downstairs. I cant believe everything is just normal. You'd think that nothing had ever happened. I guess I'm glad, I don't want them to be upset. Bonnie screamed and I came running. My blood ran cold and my head jumped to the worst scenario. Sadly, it was the worst case scenario. The bathroom was cold and icy and the window was wide open. The curtains were billowing out as if they were trying to escape. I remember wondering, why? My dad's razor was in the bath with a puddle of blood. My mother pushing past, shielding us from the worst. My father called the ambulance and we were herded into our room... I write in my journal. I go through family albums and feel... nothing. No remorse, no regret. Nothing. I don't laugh at Therese with ice cream on her nose. I don't sigh happily at the holiday pictures. But whenever I look at photos of that tree, a surge of shock shakes me. Well, she's home now. I'm lying in bed staring at the ceiling. The cozy home tiles mismatched the pattern and were going a bit grey. I hear my dad going to the toilet and Bonnie is tossing and turning next to me. I get up and open the window. It feels nice to breathe the fresh air and to look around at the neighbours gardens. All the funny little gnomes with their plastic fishing rods. I look down, just below the window. Lovely lush grass fresh with dew. I feel an overwhelming urge to jump, I feel safe, as if the grass would catch me. I want to jump... but I don't. I'm sitting at the table with my family. Bonnie has been really supportive but my other sisters seem to be a bit off with me. It feels like dinner has taken forever. The stiff wooden chairs are making my back ache. I look over at Lux. She inherited the looks. Her long blonde hair and her bright blue eyes with her slender cheek bones. Then there's me. My dull dark hair which makes me look paler and my boring brown eyes which never sparkles like lux's do. It was horribly awkward at dinner. Cecilia kept staring at me with her long hard eyes. The thing is... I have nothing to say to her. I find her scary, as if her innocence has been taken by the accident. Mother told me to be as normal as possible around her and to celebrate her being alive she's throwing a party and is inviting the boys from over the street. They're always watching us and Mary fancies the tall one. It seems we're having a party... with boys. I know I should be excited, Mary is, but I'm dreading it. There'll be dancing and pretty dresses. And then there'll be me and my bandages all alone in a corner. Lux will be flirting and Bonnie would be dancing. She promised to tape some bangles to my bracelets to sparkle them up a bit. I told her it's no use but she won't listen. I feel so pretty. My dress is like a fountain of silk which swishes at my feet and my hair is as slick as Elvis'. I can't stop grinning and my legs feel like jelly. I hear the door bell and my heart flutters. They may not be attractive but still, they're boys. I head downstairs and I feel their eyes on me. I give them my best smile and greet them. They looked quite smart in their shirts I suppose and the short one has cute dimples. I follow Bonnie down the stairs and smile briefly at the boys. Lux is giggling and tossing her hair away like a trooper. I feel embarrassed and ugly and I would give anything for them to leave. Mother leads us to the basement with it's horribly cheap and tacky plastic decorations. The basement looked amazing. Better than I've ever seen it. The floor was sparkling and the ceiling was littered with bouncy, bubbly balloons. The food looked fit for a king and the punch was a glittering bowl of pink fruitiness. The music started playing and it was quite a good combination of songs. I suppose this was an uplift to the party. Bonnie is talking to the boy with all the zits and Lux is dancing with the short boy. I take a glass of the lurid pink drink and make my way upstairs... I sit on my bed and fiddle with my dress. I think of my family but I feel nothing. I think of my tree and i start to cry. Tears stream down my face as i pore through my journal. I think of the unfairness of it. That tree is dying. Let it die gracefully. Who cares if it infects other trees. That tree was my tree. They can get new trees but my tree... I open the window... The party was just kicking off when it happened... I took in the air... The atmosphere dropped... I see the spikes beneath me... The screams sounded as if they were a mile away... I jump... I felt numb and as if everything was going in slow motion... Wait! What am I...? Cecilia, the youngest, was the first to go. ","Summary":" Cecilia The tree was planted when I was born. So, as it's leaves grew scarce and the twigs dried ou"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"The Immortal Insomniac","Author":"El Chacal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4119680","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Immortal Insomniac By El Chacal Disclaimer: You all know the drill. Don't own 'em. Don't sue me. All thanks to Jeffrey Eugenides and all praise to Sofia Coppola for the book and the movie. Summary: This story depicts everything that happened from an unseen eye.Author's notes: If you have any suggestions, comments or ideas, Read and Review please. If anyone has the idea of posting this anywhere else, let me know where and when, please? -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- We would never be certain as to the sequence of events. We argue about it still… She gazed down at the contents in her hands. In her left hand was an empty bottle of gin she lifted from her mother's secret stash while her right hand held an empty bottle of sleeping pills. Her death, in comparison to the others, had perhaps been the least painful. Fire and vapor would not scald her pale countenance nor would her neck be fractured from the end of a noose. Her lungs would not revolt in vain against the onslaught of carbon monoxide and nicotine fumes. She would find eternal slumber in peace. She began to fall into the darkness as death took her. As she lay down, she then thought of the boys. Parker Denton, who took Bonnie to the homecoming dance; Tim Weiner, who spoke to her about Yale at the basement party; Chase Buell and David Barker: their 'knights in shining armor'. She knew that they wanted to be their 'prince charming', to come sweep them away from their nightmarish prison and ride off into the sunset with them. Alas, she doubted that there would ever be the proverbial 'happily ever after' for her and her sisters, who would soon be meeting their ends at their own hands. She had a dream one dreary evening of her giving birth to Mary, Bonnie, Lux and Cecilia. Perhaps it was a mental tribute of her life; the eldest sister, who was, in many ways, more of a mother figure for them than their real mother. That image brought her a somber smile to her soul before she felt her heart stop beating. Did Mary wear hairspray before she consecrated her body to the flames? The gas began to seep from the oven as the kitchen began to fill with the scent of smoldering flesh and locks. Mary always wanted to be a cheerleader. Not just because the guys would gush over her because they would and they were already doing that. She wanted to show herself to the world. Their mother turned tyrant wouldn't allow her to do that. She never even allowed them to grow up right; as though she had set out to keep them as her little girls forever. The sounds of the station wagon brought her attention to her rebellious and wanton sister, Lux. Apparently, she wanted to illustrate clearly that she was suffocating. Their sanctimonious, despotic mother turned their once happy home into a prison. Had that been the very thing that drove Lux to those midnight rendezvous with guys on the roof every night? Was it to spite her mother? Or was it to numb the pain of how that pompous jerk, Trip used her and walked away as though it meant nothing. Or had it been her last gasp or hope at finding love and affection from another human being? She remembered watching Lux drag those peach crates down the stairs, tears in her eyes as she was forced to give up her rock records. It was music. It did not compel her to do anything against her will or corrupt her mind. The stench of burning music was as excruciating as her heartrending cries for clemency. Where was their father when all this happened? Did he have the backbone to stand up for them? That old fool, though she loved him dearly, was blind and could not face the horrors that lived in his home or in his family. Or wouldn't. Because that would have to mean he would have to face up to what was happening to his family. When Cecilia died, he couldn't't open up to Father Moody, who was reaching out to him, offering him counsel and comfort in the face of an intolerable bereavement. As well, being a teacher at the very school they went to, how could he have not noticed their unexplained absence? From Cecilia, Lux, Bonnie and Mary, he may not have thought much about it, but if Therese, the most studious of the five, was absent for one day, he would have found out immediately why. Would he have? The squeaking sounds of Bonnie's lifeless body dangling from the noose; the very concept in and of itself was too terrible to imagine or to remember. Perhaps that had been the reason she chose to end her life in the privacy of the basement. Wherever they were going, there wasn't going be any bright light at the end of any tunnel or any pearly gates waiting for them. Most likely, they were going to join Cecilia in hell for taking their own lives. On the other hand, their life since the impromptu incarceration heralded by their mother wasn't exactly a blissful heaven. One hell for another, as it was. The clock on the wall read \"2:00am\". In the morning, the boys woke up to a surprise of their own. The Cougar that Chase offered to drive the Lisbon girls out in was gone. Everyone was too shocked to notice or care in the wake of the Lisbon girls' suicides. The aftermath of such an event was a field day for reporters, particularly the insensitive and superficial Lydia Perl. She was licking her chops when the coroner's office was called in and the story hit. You couldn't't turn the television on without hearing about the cataclysmic suicide free-for-all. The four boys watched with icy glares as the craven, benevolent father and the haughty, priggish mother drive away from the house. The four boys hoped that those two would be dealt their castigation for his cowardice and her dictatorship. None of my daughters lacked for any love. There was plenty of love in our house. I'll never understand why. She would never understand because she would not want to understand that it she had a hand in driving her daughters to the edge of the proverbial cliff. Three months after the demise of the Lisbon girls, an all points bulletin was enforced to find the missing Cougar, which then brought up a state search for not only the car thief but as well the potential murderer of the Lisbon girls. The last point, which seemed to be more speculation than fact lasted for the better part of half a decade. The Cougar was found deserted near an overpass with no sign of the guilty party. The case turned cold and declared unsolved. No one spoke the names of the Lisbon girls ever again save for David Barker, Chase Buell, Parker Denton and Tim Weiner, who were perhaps the only ones, along with Paul Baldino and Joe Larson who had attended the funeral. Larson's slow mind was unable to comprehend what was happening but he felt it just the same. Baldino was dressed as though he was a 'Made Man' in his black pinstripe suit, white pressed shirt, burgundy tie and scarlet roses that would be laid on each of their respective graves. Parker Denton remembers the taste in his mouth, though he's unable to distinguish one from the other. Whenever he walks into a liquor store, he always gets the same thing: Peach Schapps. To others, they would get drunk on the hops, barley and alcoholic contents. Parker got drunk on a different high. He would kick back a throat-full, imagining that he was drinking in the sweet nectar from Bonnie's lips; lips that were as innocent and a tongue as shy as a church mouse at Sunday mass. Tim Weiner, Chase Buell and David Barker are amongst themselves with guilt. They wonder how things would have changed had they arrived sooner. Perhaps they could have saved the girls from such an atrocious fate. Many questions came to them over the years though they still have not found an answer to any one of them. Did they want to be saved at all? Did Cecilia ignite the fuse for it all to happen? If Cecilia lived, would they still have gone through with it? Did Trip's conquest of Lux condemn them all to such a degree that it brought upon their deaths? Had they been summoned when Lux was the only one left? Paul Baldino went to take art classes. He once said he wanted to draw Therese. With the way things turned out, he was too late to carry out his heartfelt intention. They all had to return to their lives, yet they all still return to that sidewalk every year and light a vigil for the Lisbon girls, praying that God may forgive them for their actions and that they might be delivered from eternal damnation. As the boys walked back home, they were all thinking the same thing. We would never be certain as to the sequence of events. We argue about it still… Had they looked closer, they would have noticed that there were 5 graves……only four bodies. ","Summary":" The Immortal Insomniac By El Chacal Disclaimer: You all know the drill. Don't own 'em. Don't sue me"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Clearly, you've never been a 13 year old girl","Author":"cheeseish","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2716670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] How long have I beennlaying here? Senseless, in my ownnworld It's a mess in here, I confess, in here Is where all thoughtsnflow freely No discretion needed For my soul to fly Fuck, there's a fly Buzzing in my head A constant drone in mynhead As I sit here on my bed Why am I thinking innrhymes? It's just like me, To get caught up In life's roughntwists and turns I don't know where tongo, what to do The sun shines in on mynface Groan I turn around, it hurtsnmy eyes I sit up and trudge To the bathroom My feet heavy, Dragging against thenfloor. The mirror. Crap Is that me? What others see? My skin, pale almostngrey 'dead' I thought The sunken face lookingnback at me Couldn't be mine Eyes red and glossy Vampire Came to mind This has to stop In my room There it is A pocket knife My lifeless bodynreached for it I was in a dream as Inran the Bathe water, feeling itnon my skin, soothing Slipping in The crimson streamsnflowed and Engulfed me A stupor I couldncontrol no longer I saw My mother scream whennshe came upon My dead body. I could do nothing tonsoothe her This is what I wanted to feel Nothing. ","Summary":" How long have I beennlaying here? Senseless, in my ownnworld It's a mess in here, I confess, in her"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Missing","Author":"QueenoftheHamptons","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4105029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Missing DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the 'Virgin Suicides' characters, although I really wish I did at times. 'The Virgin Suicides' by Jeffery Eugenides and 'Missing' by Evanescence belong to their respectful owners. I don't own either. No profit is being made from this. AUTHOR'S NOTE: My first and probably only Virgin Suicides fanfiction, It was written originally about a year and a half ago but have only gotten the guts to put it up now. A song fic was really only the way I could picture trying to do this, and despite the song not being on the movie soundtrack. I think it would've been nice if it had. This fic also paralleled a FMV that my sister Dylan made and put on YouTube. It was the highest grossing music video for The Virgin Sucides for nearly an entire year. It was amazingly well done and I thank her for her help with this. It was kind of tricky in some parts, despite being so small. By the way, This story had no beta. Any mistakes/spelling errors are all mine. R&R; please, but keep the flames to yourself! I hate flamers! Please, please forgive me, But I won't be home again. Maybe someday you'll look up, And, barely conscious, you'll say to no one: \"Isn't something missing?\" Cecilia had been the first to hear it, the calling. She had no idea of where it came from, but she was the only one who could hear it. For now anyways. Someday she knew they all would, that had been their promise after all- to follow each of their sisters until the end of time. They're pact was made in the small room that Bonnie and Lux shared, candles all aglow, Therese's old ham radio going- there were 6 candles burning, as if they were saving a space for someone else to join them on that night. The girls held huddled together and in hushed voices made vows that they would all escape the confines of their lives and would join each other on the other side. The other four hesitantly agreed, not knowing that soon enough they themselves would follow Cecilia to limbo to spend eternitys. You won't cry for my absence, I know - You forgot me long ago. Am I that unimportant...? Am I so insignificant...? Isn't something missing? Isn't someone missing me? Ceel hadn't spoken of her first attempt since she came back from the hospital in her parents rustsy old car. \"It was a mistake.\" Thats what that noisy doctor had been told, but Cecilia knew it hadn't been, but she couldn't explain why she hadn't ended her life in the bathtub, the way she had planned it. \"It just wasn't the right time.\" She told herself at nights, the night the party came- It was the right time, Cecilia could feel it. She didn't help her sisters decorate the invitations for the neighbourhood boys, nor put up the decorations with her mother, or help pick out the food that was to be served. She did however spend endless hours in the bathtub, thinking- under the watchful eye of Mr and Mrs. Lisbon- She kept her eyes shut and head leaned against the cold ceramic of the tub, her brown hair resting on her face. When Bonnie called her to tell her it was time, She didn't rush to get ready. The old dress was the one she was to die in, more like a long shapeless sack of a dress from the 20's- Cecilia had colored her lips with a red crayon, and she looked like a starlet from those noir movies, Each of her sisters gazed over at her during the party, and while she didn't say anything- her eyes and small nod said it all. They knew she was going to die that night, and each in their own ways said a goodbye to her, although their lips never moved and they never went directly over to where she was sitting. Even though I'm the sacrifice, You won't try for me, not now. Though I'd die to know you love me, I'm all alone. Isn't someone missing me? Mrs. Lisbon was the first to hear the sound of something slipping, however she did not know it at the time- But it was Cecilia, who had excused herself from her party and walked slowly up the old creeky steps of the Surburban home, and to her old bedroom where she lifted the once too heavy window open. The metal lawn spike lay waiting below for her. When she jumped, Cecilia probably thought she could fly. What the Lisbon's had there, was a dreamer, someone who was completely out of touch with reality. Her parents buried her in a hideous gown that she hadn't worn in life, and even though her youngest was dead all Mrs. Lisbon could complain about was Cecilia's nails. \"Couldn't they have done something about them?\" No one who attended saw the Lisbon girls shed a single tear but when they walked by her coffin they just stared at her, then as they walked away Lux gave a small wink to her dead sister. \"Those girls had bright futures ahead of them, the other was just a nut.\" Someone later said of the girls, long after they had too died. The summer went quickly, and the new school year started off on a chilly September morning, in the assembly the girls all sat together, and left one seat folded down- as if they were saving it for Cecilia. Please, please forgive me, But I won't be home again. I know what you do to yourself, I breathe deep and cry out, \"Isn't something missing? Isn't someone missing me?\" Trip, The Prom, The lockdown of the Lisbon house, everyone could see it coming. But the girls didn't just disapear from exsistance without even a goodbye- No. When they went it was with style, and although many things had happend before it came to that, Lux's numerous escapades on the roof of her house with boys and men alike, the burning of her favorite rock records which her mother never could stand, Therese's ham radio playing at all hours of the day, Mary's sudden interest in cosmetics, she had spent all morning, noon and night in front of a small light up table she had bought, and tried to make herself look perfect. Bonnie's quick belief in the Catholic religion- and the notes that only a group of boys received, ones like \"Dear whoever, tell Trip I'm over him.\" and \"In the darkness there will be a light, will you help us?\" Only that group of boys had heard from the Lisbon girls in their final days of life, they played records for each other- eagerly skipping school so they could talk to the girls, try and make them feel better. But when the boys had gone to the Lisbon house to take the girls away from their parents, and on a trip. \"Maybe Flordia.\" Lux said, all they found was Lux sitting in a bean bag chair, smoking and she had told them that they weren't ready yet and to wait in Chase's car- and that they'd be out in a few minutes. Even though I'm the sacrifice, You won't try for me, not now. Though I'd die to know you love me, I'm all alone. Isn't someone missing me? But the girls never did meet them in the car, and when the four boys had gone to find them in their house of solitude that no one had visited for nearly a year- they came face to face with a swinging Bonnie, who had hung herself from a beam that was in the basement where Cecilia's party had been held- all of the food was still there, and a silent Therese- who had taken sleeping pills with a bottle of vodka and was lying in a sleeping bag, as if ready for a camping trip, they ran right past Mary, who had put her blonde little head in the kitchen oven and was lying there on the ground, not dead but quite nearly. They missed her by two feet give or take in the dark, and they didn't even stay to find Lux, who was in the garage- on her own trip in the car, her arm hanging out the window a ciggerette in her hand and would have later had her death been determined as carbon monoxide poisoning from the car, which she had kept her foot on- reving it until the end. Only after the news crews had butchered the story so badly did the boys come to understand how the girls lives had ended. And if I bleed, I'll bleed, Knowing you don't care. And if I sleep just to dream of you I'll wake without you there, Isn't something missing? Isn't something... Mary lived through her burning, scared beyond repair but even then the calling continued and she too had fallen under its spell, for when her parents had gone shopping and she was left home alone- Mary had used Therese's method, sleeping pills, but not before she had dressed for the occasion, a black dress that fit her perfectly and eventually became her burial dress, her makeup was also done but was slightly smudged as she cried to herself before she died. Although they're lives had ended, the girls story had not. It continued on for many years, often getting changed in the re-tellings but one thing always stayed the same, that after Cecilia's death, she had called out to her sisters, and they had heard her, no one would ever know what was heard but it had kept the girls at bay, until it was their time to join their sister, for forever and an eternity. Even though I'm the sacrifice, You won't try for me, not now. Though I'd die to know you love me, I'm all alone. Isn't someone missing me? ","Summary":" Missing DISCLAIMER: I do not own any of the 'Virgin Suicides' characters, although I really wish I "},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Missing Pieces","Author":"ssavaged","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2930676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: JefferynEugenides and Sofia Coppola In the perspective of TripnFontaine. -- I was passing the Lisbonnhouse on my route home from work, clad in my mechanic attire. Inwouldn't have stopped, had I not seen the mob scene on the frontnlawn, the ambulances, several stretchers, a team of police, thenneighbors, and even Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon, standing with not sorrow,nbut with shock and terror. Yes, I knew what hadnhappened, even without truly knowing it. \"Mr. and Mrs.nLisbon,\" I called out softly as I broke across the lawn, afternparking my car nearly half a block away. Mr. Lisbon was nearly inntears, but Mrs. Lisbon seemed dazed, her hair frayed and out ofnplace, while her eyes were bloodshot. Although her appearance wasnanything but welcoming, this was the only time I was truly afraid ofnthat woman. And yet I continued, \"I want to go in.\" It took a lot ofnpersuasion, but the police agreed to let me follow them into thenhouse, so long as I stayed out of the way. Of course they informed menthat if I were to feel sick, they couldn't cater to my needs. I thinknthe only reason they let me is because of Mr. Lisbon, who claimed Inwas a good friend of the family, Lux's date to the prom. It seemed asnthough they had put the fact that Lux came home the next morningnbeside them, if that was the time she actually went home. I wouldn'tnknow; I left her on the field after we had sex. If only her father knewnwhat truly happened, I bet I wouldn't have gone into that house thatncold morning. -- The Lisbon house wasnalways intimidating, although the decor was hardly fabulous, or evennclose. Many women often scoffed and mocked Mrs. Lisbon's lack ofncreativity, but I found it to be enlightening. This is what thenmagnificent Lisbon girls lived in, this is what they were like. Innever truly glanced at the walls until that day, even though I hadnbeen there twice already. To be honest, all I could remember then wasna staircase, the one the girls had descended on the night of ournprom. Lux was the only thing that caught my eye that night, though. We made our way throughnthe Lisbon house, and a soft stench of stale air, dead air, was soonninhaled through my nostrils. They were all dead, every one of them. Inknew this before I entered the two-story building, though. At first, a group of threenpolice made for the stairs, and I followed quickly, running a handnthrough my locks in anticipation of what was to come. We entered thenfirst bedroom on the right, Cecilia's bedroom, and found Therese in,nwhat looked like, a peaceful slumber on the twin-sized bed. I foundnout later that she was stuffed with dozens of sleeping pills from hernmother's medicine cabinet. Therese was never a girl I had thought tonbe pretty, more like enchanting. It was the golden Lisbon hair thatncaught any boys' eyes, but at that moment, Therese's hair looked tonbe gray, or at least anything but golden. An officer mutterednsomething into his walkie-talkie, and before I could even bring mynbrain to work again, two of them had dragged me back down the stairs.nI reassured them that I was alright, and continued on through thenmain hallway, and onto the kitchen floor. The stench was foul in thenkitchen; something along the lines of burned flesh and tarred food.nMy assumptions were correct, when we found the oven door wide open,nand sixteen-year-old Mary sitting against it with her face glued tonthe bars. Her skin had melted against the red-hot bars, and she wasnno longer the beautiful girl we all knew her as. She was mutated. We then made for thenbasement, like the boys from down the street told us to do. The stairs to the basementnwere cement and cold, even though thick soles. Although I soon foundnBonnie's fate to be better than Mary's the air smelled worse in thenbasement. It was stale, musty, confined, and deathly. I could see thenfreedom in the sixteen-year-old's blue eyes as she hung from a beam,namongst the balloons and various-colored streamers that hadn't beennremoved since Cecilia's party. These girls were all sonbeautiful, so mysterious. I think that's why we loved them so. Itnalways seemed so impossible for two oddballs to create such marvelousncreatures, but someone Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon did. And now they arendead. It all seemed to quick,ntoo simple. Cecilia jumped onto the fence from her window; Theresenoverdosed on sleeping pills; Mary burned her face off in the oven;nBonnie hanged herself; and Lux ... where was Lux? We had found threenout of four girls, technically five, but mine remained. The one I hadngained and lost was still amiss. And then we paid closernattention to the music coming from the Lisbon's garage. -- The strong smell of carnfumes and carbon monoxide was strong as the garage doors opened. Inknew it was over. A police officer was firstnto enter, holding a towel to his mouth as he swiped at the airndramatically. This was hardly effective, since he was to step backnanyway and exert a coughing attack. I couldn't wait any longer; I hadnto see that girl, in all her glory. With one thing on my mind,nthe disgusting fumes and cigarette smoke hardly bothered me as Inpushed through to the garage, and soon stood beside the passengernseat. There she sat, Lux Lisbon, dead as stone with a lovely smilenplastered on her soft lips. Her golden hair wasncascading down two feminine shoulders, skin white as snow. I thinknher face had turned a gray color from the poison, but I don'tnremember much else from that morning. She was beautiful, though, evennin her condtions. Even as a corpse. I still loved her. From then on I knew that Inwould never forget about her, about Lux Lisbon. She was one of thosengirls that always stayed in your mind, haunted your dreams. Even if Inwanted to forget about her, I knew very well that I couldn't. Just standing in hernpresence, I was able to recall what it was that might have drivennthis mass suicide. Perhaps it wasn't Cecilia's doing? What if it wasnmine? The Lisbon girls seemed just fine after their youngest sister'sndeath, so maybe it was my fault that they had gone under intensenlock-down, which resulted in this madness. There were no answers tonthis puzzle, no missing pieces. It's still the same unanswerednjourney that no one can piece together. But we don't need to. Thengirls were there for each other, before, during, and probably evennafter death. I think the reason they wanted those boys to witnessnthis most was so they could let someone see how they lived, who theynwere. They just wanted to benfree. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: JefferynEugenides and Sofia Coppola In the perspective of TripnFontaine. -- I was passi"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Alone In Suicide","Author":"Red-Birch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3884570","Passage":"[Chapter 1] We watchedrntheir undoing Much likerna play Theirrnscene dark with shadow But clearrnas day With emptyrneyes And vacantrnsmiles The drewrnus in Where wernstay for a while Theirrncalculated movements Manipulativerngaze Curling usrnaround their fingers We enteredrnin a daze Naively wernthought Everythingrnwas okay Gettingrnready to leave Take themrnaway Theresernwas sleeping An overdose her death Drinking the bottle of gin 'Tillrnthere was nothing left Bonnie wasrnin the basement Sharplyrnshe went As shernkicked over her platform Rope tightrnaround her neck While inrnthe kitchen Wherernthings were created Mary'srnhead was in the oven Whererninstead her soul faded Luxrnlistened in the car To musicrnshe loved Whilerncarbon monoxide Poisonedrnher blood Andrnwaiting for them Amongstrnthe clouds Ceceliarnknew She had norndoubts Herrnsisters would find her After theyrnleft their rooms Togetherrnin a heaven Withoutrnany wounds And wherernthey will be alone For all ofrntime Butrntogether again In suicide ","Summary":" We watchedrntheir undoing Much likerna play Theirrnscene dark with shadow But clearrnas day With em"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Cecilia","Author":"frankeebabee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2668190","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was always a dreamernalways the one wondering when my fairy tale would begin and my horridnreality would end. That's why I have decided I will kill myself.nDominic loves that rich bitch Porter and who is yet to love me? Insometimes don't even believe my own parents do. Not even my sistersnfor that matter. Luxie is so concerned about Kevin Haynes the garbagenman she lost it over about a month ago. She gets up at the crack ofndawn and waits on the front steps just to see him. For him to seenher. As if it was oh so casual to sit on the steps at 4 o'clock innthe morning. Mary is so social and concerned with friends andncheerleading. But if they only knew she chipped her tooth on thenmonkey bars and had a fake tooth would they still like her? I would.nBonnie always the one to lecture. But I think she is desperatelyntrying to get mother to love her just a little bit more the rest ofnus. And Therese so afraid but yet wise. The one I can tolerate thenmost. She was accepted to college last month. Yet she won't shownmom and dad. That's cowardice for you. The escapades of my sistersnare many im just caught in the middle. ","Summary":" I was always a dreamernalways the one wondering when my fairy tale would begin and my horridnrealit"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"I can't be the one for her","Author":"Supernaturalchick85","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4029492","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Irndon't own the movie the virgin suicides Storyline: Triprnpoint of view about him looking at Lux as she sleeps on the foot ballrnfield after they made out all night before he walks away from her. He woke up in thernmiddle of the night. Staring at her into the night. She was sornbeautiful and so innocent that he knew it was wrong to take advantagernof a 14 year old. He was 18 and she was 14. Trip just couldn't takernit. Yes she was the one that caught his eye. Even as a player like hernwas he fell for her when he shouldn't. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Irndon't own the movie the virgin suicides Storyline: Triprnpoint of view about him loo"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Gloomy Sunday: Ode to Cecilia","Author":"Vixi-Vampiress","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2844200","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cecilia's Suicide Thisnis a songfiction about Cecilia's final suicide. The lyrics arentranslated from Szomoru Vasarnap in Hungarian, better known as GloomynSunday or the Suicide song. They cannot fail to move me, along withnthe urban legends of the Hungarian suicides, many of them clutchingnthe sheet music to Rezso Seress' song as they fell to their deathnin the Danube. I decided to relate this to Cecilia, as the songncaptures accurately her mood and feelings. Itnis autumn and the leaves are falling, Allnlove has died on earth. Thenwind is weeping with sorrowful tears, Mynheart will never hope for a new spring again. Useless,nshe felt so useless and pathetic. Her sisters, Bonnie, Therese, Luxnand Mary were all downstairs at the party pretending to be having angood time with the boys under the beady eye of their mother. How theynlied to themselves. Cecilia scowled at the memories she had of hernsister's facades of happiness. They were all false, so very false.nShe wanted nothing more than to escape this counterfeit existance inna world that didn't care. Myntears and my sorrows are all in vain, Peoplenare heartless, greedy and wicked. Lovenhas died! Shentook a final look at her taped up wrists, covered with brightlyncoloured bangles and bracelets, her first failed attempt. Shenremembered the cool water drifting about her, the streams of crimsonncoursing from her veins as she held the Virgin Mary close to hernheart. She recollected the way that her life was slowly flowing fromnher weak body and her coveted salvation that she had come so closento. Thenworld has come to its end; hope has ceased to have meaning, Citiesnare being wiped out, shrapnel is making music. Meadowsnare coloured red with human blood, CecilianLisbon edged her way to the open window. This time she would succeed.nThis time she would escape the world she despised so much, herndisillusioned fancies to damn her in the beliefs of her sisters.nExcept Lux of course, who seemed to hate God. She peered down ontonthe spikes of the fence that lay below and did not even feel remorsenor sadness at her imminent suicide. No tears were shed as she jumped… Therenare dead people on the streets everywhere, Inwill say another quiet prayer. Peoplenare sinners, lord, they make mistakes… Hernweak frail body plummeted towards her end, her torso meeting thenspike which killed her. It stabbed through her, piercing her internalnorgans and spilling her blood. But no screams were heard from CecilianLisbon. When the ambulance arrived to remove her limp corpse from thenfront garden fence, one could almost see a faint smile dancing on thenlips of the deceased thirteen year old child. The flame of her soulnwas put out in defiance to the world. … thenworld has ended! ","Summary":" Cecilia's Suicide Thisnis a songfiction about Cecilia's final suicide. The lyrics arentranslated fr"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Dirty Trip","Author":"Luxikova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3087754","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own The Virgin Suicides. This story is based on the movie version.Just a short on what happened to Lux the night of the suicides. I changed parts of the story. She told them to wait in the living room, but she knew they would run. She heard a crashing in the yard and saw the boys dashing home. The Lisbon girls never intended to leave the house that night, at least not physically. They just needed someone to know, someone to see them end the suffocation before their parents found the bodies. But Lux couldn't do it, not yet. She roamed into the kitchen and saw Mary's body lying in the center, her head cooking in the oven. Lux thought it was a shame such a beautiful face had to sizzle and melt. But she knew that Mary no longer cared what she looked like. Next she wandered into the TV room where Therese lay. Her lips were blue and laced with vomit; a pile of which pooled next to her gorgeous face. She had swallowed the pills all at once, frantic and ready to die. Finally she walked silently into the basement. A bowl of muddy punch sat on the table in the middle of the room and deflated balloons were spread out in random places. No one had cleaned up after the party the night Cecelia died. No one had even stepped foot in the basement. But Lux noticed it now. She noticed a lot of things that she never cared about before. She heard a light creak and looked up in time to catch a drop of blood on her cheek from Bonnie's body. Lux noticed the blood came from her sister's palm, which she had obviously clenched tight enough to break the skin in her body's fit for air before she had finally suffocated. Lux took Bonnie's hand and kissed the wound before walking up the stairs. They were all gone. They were all waiting for her to join them, but no matter how much she wanted to, Lux couldn't do it. At least, not yet. She knew what it was. It was Trip Fontaine. She had tried to hate him and she had succeeded. But she had also tried to stop loving him, but unfortunately she never could. She had seen him waiting in his car watching the house, many times, but she never once came out, or let him see her staring back. He had taken her body, the first man to ever do so, and he had left her, never to speak to her again. It still hurt her to think about him, but she still wanted him, and that hurt even more. She left the house and quietly sprinted down the street. She ran all the way until she reached the school's football field. She collapsed in the middle of it, out of breath and tired. Why had she come back here? She didn't know for sure. But she began to pound the ground and rip up the grass. Tears of frustration streamed down her face as the object of her anger turned to her body; scratching her limbs bloody, pulling her hair and tearing her clothes until she couldn't move. She lay motionless, lost in time, until she heard soft footsteps coming towards her. She sat up and watched the figure of Trip Fontaine as he stopped just a few feet in front of her. \"I've come here countless times, late at night, hoping that, maybe, you would be here.\" he began, \"I never stopped wanting you, but that night, I just didn't care what you did after I left. I never thought of what would happen. I'm sorry.\" Lux looked up at Trip, thinking that it must be a dream, but it wasn't. She slowly stood and walked towards him. He towered above her petit body but she was the lion and he was the lamb. She raised her hand and slapped him. He froze where he was, as if he had been waiting a long time for Lux to do it. When he finally turned his head back to her she hit him again, and again, and again until the welt on his cheek was red and raw. He grabbed her wrist firmly as if to say, \"Enough. Not even if you hit me forever, will it change that night.\" Her soft sorrow was heard through the darkness and her anger was felt as she struggled to free herself. But as she did, Trip pulled Lux into a passionate kiss that was so sudden; she hit herself in the face by accident. With a forceful shove, she pushed him down onto the ground and unzipped his jeans. She pulled off her own and began to grind on his body. He felt the pleasure as he gripped her hips, but he knew that this time she was in control. Their bodies reconnected again, but in a passion far different from the night of Homecoming. This time it was heartbreaking, rough, and filled with sorrow. When all was down with, Lux pulled her clothes back on, looking at Trip's face one last time. Then she turned and sprinted all the way home, not ever looking back at her abandoned lover. She knew why she couldn't join her sisters before. She hadn't let go of Trip. But this time it was her turn to leave. When she reached the house the sky had turned from a star-sprinkled midnight to a pale azure. It would be dawn in a few hours and her sisters silently called her name through the stale walls. She turned on the car engine and lit a cigarette. She took a long drag, her last, before the toxic air burned her throat and stung her eyes. Finally her heart stopped beating and she closed her beautifully tortured eyes for the last time. ","Summary":" I do not own The Virgin Suicides. This story is based on the movie version.Just a short on what hap"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"The Life and Death of a Diamond","Author":"Ivory Novelist","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2564538","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: My first VS fic. Please read and review. Thanks. Disclaimer: Movie belongs to Sofia Coppola and book belongs to Jeffery Eugenides The Life and Death of a Diamond ","Summary":" A/N: My first VS fic. Please read and review. Thanks. Disclaimer: Movie belongs to Sofia Coppola an"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Twilight","Author":"Asphodel Lives","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3056150","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes : Hi! This is my first VS fic. I know this is a really cliché topic, but I wanted to do my own drabble about Ceclia's final and successful attempt to kill herself. Please read and review! It gets better as it goes on. Disclaimer: I do not own Cecilia Lisbon. She looked up at the darkness, stars glistening in the ever – present moonlight. She never wanted to be here. She wanted to rest. Nobody understood, not the so – called doctors or her parents', or the numerous priests'. She was alone in the world, misunderstood and overshadowed. But it was all she knew. She had tried to change for her sisters, pining for the smiles that graced their features every day. But she wasn't like that. ","Summary":" Author's Notes : Hi! This is my first VS fic. I know this is a really cliché topic, but I wanted to"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Obviously","Author":"inspire.me","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2730928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok so this is my first attempt at something VS related. I first saw the movie a few weeks ago, and I loved it so much! The cinematography and of course the soundtrack were both great and the movie was just so poetic and tragically beautiful. I'll probably write more VS fanfiction,but for now I leave you with this poem-like thing... not great but please review and say anything, good or bad... This is based on the scene in the hospital where Cecilia tells the psychiatrist he's \"obviously never been a thirteen year old girl\". Obviously, Doctor, you've never lived in the darkness of your own mind, your soul trapped somewhere beneath. Obviously, Doctor, you've never been loved to the point where the love in fact no longer exsists, only another's desire to keep you protected from the world. Obviously, Doctor, you've never seen the evil in the way humanity kills everything in it's path, as if we are the most important species on the earth. Obviously, Doctor, you've never been alive, yet not allowed to live. ","Summary":" Ok so this is my first attempt at something VS related. I first saw the movie a few weeks ago, and "},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Waiting","Author":"MadelynStorm","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2444330","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Waiting… Author: Jennaleigh Rating: PG Ship: Cecillia Summary: Cecilla looking over her sisters as they live their last few weeks. Author's note: Please read and review, flames are NOT appreciated. Movie: Virgin Suicides Dear Journal, As I lay in the untouched grass I think to myself, this is where I should have always been and will stay forever. The sun shining on my face, trees swaying, wind whistling, I know this is real. My dark, mysterious, abandoned house, my sisters, each one with the slightest imperfection never seemed as real as this feels right now. Looking down on them in such pain, loneliness, helplessness… I think why is it so hard when it can be as easy as this. Just a few seconds and this is it. This is what became of me. A light in the sky, a tiny rain drop on my sisters face or a bird sitting on the windowsill. I'm all these things, watching over them like a hawk, waiting and waiting until its time. Their time. Finally I've seen the light and stopped living in the dark. I'm here, but I was never really there. And soon they will be here too… with me. ","Summary":" Title: Waiting… Author: Jennaleigh Rating: PG Ship: Cecillia Summary: Cecilla looking over her sist"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"five portraits","Author":"Cesario21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2572309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:nOne Thousand Words Author:nBranwyn Summary:na snapshot of each sister, 200 words apiece. Notes:nDo you have any idea how small a number 200 is? Feedback:nAs hard as I worked on this one, I'm begging. Flight–Cecilia Shenlived from one beautiful moment to the next. Ugliness warded away bynritual: incense, chimes, the pallid face of the Virgin. Butncolored votive candles lost their charm every morning, when hernmother's grey face emerged over the breakfast table. In daylightnCecilia rode her bicycle with no hands; and at night she tended hernaltars, searching for a charm to cling to by day. Everywherenshe turned, her mother was waiting like an open hand, catching at hernlacy hem and dragging her down into the closeted heat of their housenin summer. Such days all her movements were heavy, and she would lienand wait until twilight cooled the viscous air. Onensuch night, Cecilia opened her wrists. For a time, she floated. Thennthey pulled her back; into the greyness of time, the sluggishness ofnflesh. Yet much of her remained in the shadow, where the light wasncool. The dim light called to her as a voice, whispering flight. Lovingnbeauty, Cecilia relaxed again into its thrall; she jumped, spinningnherself like silk across the warm night. She floated; the cordnsnapped; she soared. Smiling:nfor no reality, however cold, would bring her down again. 2. Pretty–Lux WhennLux was little, her mother was pretty; the steel wool hair was a bob,nand more blonde than grey. There are pictures to prove it. At hernwedding she looked like Mary, but there is something of Lux in herneyes. Luxnis prettier than her mother. She has absolute confidence in the shapenof her nose and the ruler straight line of her teeth. She has waitednall her life for everyone else to notice it. Unfortunately, the firstnperson to do so is her mother. Shencannot grasp the depth of her mother's obsession with her purity.nShe pillages Lux's hidden makeup with the authority of God Almightynon her shoulder. Lux's music also collapses before hernrighteousness, and if her mother ever meets Tripp again she willnprobably smite his soul with the storm of her eyes. Lux'snmother has gone mad. Lux'snmother watches each of them jealously. She has shut the doors tonensure that chance does not steal them away; but clearly she fearsnthey will remove themselves from her care, from the task appointednher by God Almighty. Andnshouldn't she be scared? Shouldn'tnshe fear their hands more than their faces? 3. Holy–Bonnie \"Innthe name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, Amen.\" Shencrosses herself, Bonaventure, and in the yellow light of the candlenshe is no longer sallow. When she is at her prayers she is rapturous,nsanctified. Free. Dutifully,nshe thanks God for the pious mother who raised her in the Church.nPrivately, she wishes her mother were in heaven, where, sainted, shenwould be...safe. Itnis impossible to be truly holy in this house. There is no place forncontemplation, not when her mother will not let her close the door tonher room. Not when her mother's eyes follow her constantly,nquestioning her if she is too quiet, too solemn. Shenprays for Cecilia. Father Mackey says that she is in heaven, butnBonnie knows this is a lie put forth to comfort her mother. Ceciliantook her own life, removed herself from the possibility of grace. Shenis damned. Butnshe is free. Bonnie crosses herself hastily, knowing the thought forna sin. But like all sins, it is too tantalizing to forgetnimmediately. Shenlies in bed at night, watches the curtains flutter at the window.nGoes to sleep, and dreams of heaven. 4. Mary–Normal Shennever cared about cheerleading very much. Mary reads books, and shenis just as smart as Therese, even if Therese doesn't know it. Ifnanything, she is smarter than Therese, because she figured out earlynthat it didn't pay to make her intelligence obvious. Not in theirnhouse. Cheerleadingnwas just a means to an end. Sometimes, Mary wants to stop being thenexception to every rule. She has gone to Immaculate Heart since shenwas in kindergarten, but even though she has known her classmatesnforever she has never been part of their lives. Mary and her sistersnlive like fish in an aquarium, separated from the world around themnby the invisible walls of their mother's obsessions and theirnfather's blindness. Whilenshe is a cheerleader, those walls become, briefly, thinner. She has anlanguage in common with the other girls, even if it does consist ofnwords spelled out with their arms. But one day she comes home fromnpractice smelling like cigarette smoke, and that is the end. \"Thisnis where you belong, anyway.\" Her mother bends to kiss hernforehead, and Mary, looks down, pretending not to see the triumph innher mother's eyes. 5. Therese–Older Shenhides the papers from Brown for weeks after she gets them, deflectingnher parents' inquiries with shrugs and smiles. Theresenhas spent the last four years working for her freedom. Her GPA, hernclass standing, all the awards she has won, not for their own sakesnbut for the right to list them on a college application—they arenher ticket out. Fornyears, she has deferred all her hopes. Borne her mother's outrageousnrestrictions by telling herself that when she is older, she will benfree. Hernmother finds the papers while Therese is at school. Cleaning hernroom, she says, though Therese keeps her room immaculate so that hernmother will never have the excuse to snoop. Hernparents take her aside after dinner, and explain that Brown is toonfar away, too expensive. Her mother suggests St. Catherine's, thenteacher's college near their school. \"Your father could take younon his way to work in the morning,\" her mother says, smiling,nbecause she knows she has won. Theresengoes to her room and strips her walls of her plaques and honor rollncertificates, staring at the blankness. Thinks of Cecilia. Wondersnwhy she even bothered to try. ","Summary":" Title:nOne Thousand Words Author:nBranwyn Summary:na snapshot of each sister, 200 words apiece. Not"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"La mort des soeurs Lisbon","Author":"Yioline","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2968312","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour à tous !nVoici un poème sur les filles Lisbon et mon avis sur leursnsuicides : Cécilia, Lux,nBonnie, Mary, Thérèse 25 ans déjànet nous y revoilà A cette époquensombre, Où toi et tes sœurs Non pas avide de bonheur Mais sous l'empilementndu malheur Vous, vous êtesndonnées la mort Sans un mot, sans un cri Dans le silence le plusntotal Toi, Cécilia sur langrille Toi, Lux par le gaz de lanvoiture, dans le garage Toi, Bonnie la têtendans le four Toi, Mary en prenant desnsomnifères Toi, Thérèsen en te pendant Cécilia fut lanpremière, Ensuite il y eu Thérèse, Et Bonnie, Et Mary, Et ensuite Lux Vous n'êtes pasnmortes sans raisons Mais votre mère nenl'a pas compris Votre mort reste unnmystère Arriverons nous ànle percer un jour ? Voilà j'espèrenque ça vous a plus ! Enfin moi je le trouve pas terriblenmais c'est mon premier alors j'en ferais d'autres mieux ! Pour un chapitren(enfin nan mais bon) sur mon avis sur leur mort le pourquoi duncomment selon moi, comme je le vois quoi ! Après çann'engage que moi.[Chapter 2] Monnavis sur la mort des sœurs Lisbon On ne saitnpas vraiment pourquoi Cécilia est morte. Elle apparaîtntout de suite dans la baignoire ensanglanté. C'est lanpremière image des Lisbon.(Dans ce sens je dis la premièrenimage où on voit, soit un ou plusieurs des filles ou lesnparents, la première image ou on voit la famille ou un morceaunen gros. Elle ne dit pas au médecin ce qu'elle a dans sonncœur pour avoir fait sa tentative. « onnvoit bien que vous n'avez jamais été une fille de 13nans » est la phrase qu'elle dit au médecinnquand il lui demande ce qu'elle a. La mort de Cécilia , sanraison d'avoir voulu mourir reste donc pour moi un mystère.nEnsuite les 4 autres ont du se suicider a cause des parents. Drôlende parents. Entre le père qui devient fou a la mort denCécilia et la mère horrible( !) les 4 sœurs ontnquand même tenu quelque temps. Oh 1 mois pas plus c'est sur,nmais la mère était HORRIBLEnje le dirais toujours et jamais assez. La dernière phrasenqu'elle dit est « Mesnenfants n'ont jamais manqués d'amour. Il y a toujours eunbeaucoup d'amour dans monnfoyer » Finally la mère n'avait pas lenmême amour qu'il fallait avoir avec ses filles. Ensuite anpropos de Trip. Lux l'aimait car elle écrivait le nom desngarçons qu'elle aimait sur ses sous-vêtements et quandnTrip et ses amies viennent chercher les 4 sœurs Lisbon pour le balnon voit que Lux a inscrit « Trip »nsur sa petite culotte. Hors quand les 4 garçons lisent lenjournal de Cécilia, Elle dit : « Luxna écrit le nom de Kévin sur sa petite culotte sonnnouveau coup de cœur, Maman lui a faitnnettoyer a l'eau de javel » On voitndonc qu'elle aime Trip, surtout qu'une fois qu'elle estnenfermer chez elle , elle regarde a la fenêtre et elle a lenregard brouillé de larmes. Et un des 4 garçons quinraconte l'histoire dit : « Tripnne donnait plus de nouvelles a Lux » C'estndonc aussi par chagrin d'amour qu'on peut supposer que Lux sensuicide. Voilà! Envoyeznmoi des reviews pour que je sache ce que vous en pensez ! Yio-chan ","Summary":" Bonjour à tous !nVoici un poème sur les filles Lisbon et mon avis sur leursnsuicides : Cécilia, Lux"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Bubblegum","Author":"SupremeOverlordHaru","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12862675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hello, everyone! While writing my other story, I found myself getting kind of depressed because of how angsty it is right now. So, I figured I'd balance it out with some candy for everyone to enjoy. I didn't think ghosts were real. I mean, if ghosts existed, you'd think someone would would have seen one by now. I wasn't raised religious. I never really thought about God. Monday morning started like any other day, but while waiting at the bus stop I noticed, out the corner of my eye, a kid I'd never seen before. I figured he just moved into the neighborhood. I mean, I hadn't heard about a new family, but, honestly, I didn't keep up with local news. He slowly inched up to me until we were standing a few feet apart. My personal space invaded, I turned to glare at him and he backed off a little. He was a weird looking one. His nose was bright red, almost like he had a cold, and his mouth seemed too big for his face. It looked like a tornado had dressed him in an array of clashing colors and styles. It was cold out. My mind hadn't quite caught up to my body yet. I ignored the weird looking kid and stared ahead at the house in front of me. Eventually the bus came and I sat down in my usual spot. The bus started and the houses out the window began to slowly roll past. You know the sensation you get when a pet is looking at you? That's what I felt. I turned to find the new kid standing next to me, his fade slightly tilted. I had my headphones on, so I was hoping if I let him sit next to me, he wouldn't talk to me and I could go back to sitting in silence. I moved my bag and he flopped down next to me. I kept ignoring him. He must be one of those alleged morning persons. I always figured they were kind of like bigfoot or the loch ness monster. You hear about them, but never seem to be quite able to find one. I figured he'd go off to his classes as soon as the bus stopped, so I wasn't really all that worried. I ditched him almost immediately. I'm not sure what it was about, but something was off. It was a strange feeling, kind of like he wasn't really there. I felt like he knew about me as well, not like a physical, \"oh there's a person over there\" kind of way, but more like he knew me specifically. I made it to my first class and took my seat at the back of the room. I knew I had, like, ten minutes before it started, but I didn't have anything better to do while I waited so I always get to class early. I usually get there before the teacher. The rest of my class slowly filled in, most of them only seconds before the bell. The teacher put up our daily writing prompt on the projector. \"Begin a poem that begins with \"Hello\".\" I usually like doing the writing prompts. I'm a songwriter and a musician, on the side, so I'm pretty good with words and rhymes. I'm not sure where the idea came from, but a lot of people in my class seemed surprised the first few day when I showed up, did the work, and left. I'm not sure what they were expecting of me. As I was working, I felt the same sensation as I had earlier that morning. I looked to my left. It was the kid. He was sitting at the desk next to me. He was leaning over next to me, his hands pressed firmly on the top of the desk. I glared at him and tried to subtly move farther away. Writing prompts were completion grades. He could come up with his own idea; it didn't have to be great. As I watched, he overbalanced. The desk went crashing down on top of him, tangled in his legs. I rolled my eyes, but before I could go back to work, the teacher called out: \"Jonathan!\" In an accusatory tone. My mouth fell open. I hadn't done anything! I looked back at the kid on the floor. He stood up and pulled the desk up. For a second, it looked like his fingers were glitching through the top. It was impossible though. I thought I must be playing too many games. I couldn't focus the rest of the class. Normally I'm not a problem. I'm like a plant, as long as you water me from time to time, I'll be fine. I like sitting in the back and absorbing information uninterrupted, but this new guy was making it impossible to do anything. I figured out about five more minutes into class that he didn't even have any school supplies. He didn't even have a bag or something so I knew he wasn't hiding them in there. \" Ok, fine,\" I thought to myself. \"He's just in one class.\" But no-ho-ho! Without fail he showed up in every single one of my morning classes. Even math, which didn't have any extra seats. He just stood next to me the whole time, occasionally making stupid faces or derpy smiles. I wondered why the teachers hadn't mentioned him at all. It was kind of weird to make the new kid stand for the whole period without at least saying sorry first. By the time lunch came around, I was 1,000% done. There are probably only three things I love in this world: Valhalla Soundbox, writing music, and sandwiches. I was going to sit in peace and quiet. I was going to enjoy my delicious sandwich. Then I would go outside and stare at the scenery for a while. The school had a small courtyard that no one ever went into anymore. It was slightly overgrown, but it was very relaxing. It always cleared my head. I had just sat down and taken out my sandwich. I was about to take a bite when I saw him. He was walking straight towards me. Ignore him. Ignore him. Ignore him. He sat down right next to me. Well, maybe sitting wasn't the best way to describe it. It was more like he jumped and landed on his butt in whatever chair we was aiming for. He turned his face towards me and shot me another one of his over large smiles before putting his hand under his chin. He didn't have any food either. He was watching me. He was only here to watch me. Didn't he have any other friends? I decided ignoring wasn't working. I got up form the table. I guess I'd be eating on the way to the courtyard. Thankfully, the weird kid didn't follow me. He seemed almost upset when I left, but I wasn't my problem. It wasn't like I even knew his name. I was very hopeful when I got to gym class. He wasn't in the changing room anywhere. I spent a few minutes looking before I was satisfied. No, it wasn't weird. At the very least it meant we would have one class apart. We were doing the basketball unit. It was pretty easy. I mean, I'm not the tallest guy in the world, but I'm not a midget either. We started off the match. I turned and there he was! It was the new kid! He wasn't wearing a uniform. He hadn't even taken off his hat, which was against school dress code. He looked like he'd wandered onto the court. I was so sick of this guy following me. He waved his arms, like he wanted me to pass the ball to him. Fine. If that's what he wanted. I wound up all my strength. And threw the ball. Straight at his head. He moved out of the way. The ball bounced along the floor. He followed me all the way home. Now, I live on a culdesac. And I know, for a fact, that he was not from any other houses. I wondered, for a second, if he'd actually follow me into my house. I took off my headphones. Ignoring him wasn't working. \"What do you want?\" He looked shocked. His mouth popped open for a second before he closed it again. He puffed out his chest. \"I, uh…\" The confidence was gone. The kid seemed to shrink as he floundered around, trying to form a sentence. \"I'm a demon…\" He eyes locked on to mine. I felt the same sensation as before. The same unworldly sense that he really wasn't human. Then they were gone again, hidden under his hat and his hair. \"And I'm here to haunt you?\" It ended in a question. I put my hand on the door knob. \"Wait!\" he called after me. \"That was terrible...I, uh...\" I walked into my house and shut the door. It wasn't possible I told myself. So what if he was a little creepy looking. That didn't really mean he was a demon. I was not going to get involved. He would have to find someone else to bug at school. I took a step forward, but something made me stop. Maybe I remembered the look on his face when I left him at lunch. I went back to the door and looked through the peephole. He was still standing in my driveway. His head was down, and his shoulders had turned in on themselves. It made him look thinner than he was. I saw his nose twitch and he quicktly rubbed it with the back of his hand. He looked so sad. A twinge of guilt setted in my stomach. As I watched, the new kid sighed. He seemed to straighten up, until he was much taller than he should have been. My eyes widened in shock as I looked down at his feet. There weren't on the ground. He was floating a few feet above the ground, his legs tucked up neatly under him. I immediately feel to the ground. Had he saw me? What was going on? What if he could see me through the wall? I peaked through the peephole again, but the new kid had gone. I fumbled with the door for a few seconds. The handle slipped through my fingers a few times before I got a good grip on it. I flung open the door and looked down the street. I couldn't see him anywhere. It was like he had just disappeared. That was when I knew I had a problem. Little did I know, it was just the start. ","Summary":" AN: Hello, everyone! While writing my other story, I found myself getting kind of depressed because"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Musical Catharsis","Author":"pingnova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12580892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first time it happened was in Prague. Valhalla Soundbox was about to perform another sold out show. The stadium was a yawning cavity until people showed up. Their setup crew and the venue's management were completely dwarfed by the size. Sock rarely got nervous before a show, but something about the place was giving him the heebie jeebies. Maybe it was the small crowd of technicians gathered in a far corner, pointing at something on the ground. He went over to investigate. What was on the ground was paint. Dried black spray paint, to be exact. In a large circle filled with demonic looking symbols and shapes. \"What is this?\" He definitely didn't think the management had mentioned potential demon portals came with the venue. Not that it wouldn't blend right in with the band's theme, besides being sick as hell. One of the technicians was on his hands and knees trying to scrub it off the floor, to little effect. It looked like it had been baked into the cement. He shook his head. \"Just some graffitti. Showed up this morning. Having a hell of a time getting rid of it. We're trying different solutions to see what will get it off.\" Sock nodded awkwardly and thanked him for his work. The show went fine that night, with the crowd whooping and moshing like any other show. The next two went almost exactly the same. Eerily the same. Similar grafitti made an appearance at each one. By the fourth appearance, another circle with foreign symbols inside of it painted between the seats of ANZ Stadium in Sydney, the band decided to take some action. \"Hey everyone,\" Jonathan began during a lull in the music. The stadium hushed almost immediately. He was sweating from the heat of the lights and licked his lips before continuing. Thousands of eyes caught the quick swipe of his tongue and someone in the audience screamed in delight. \"Make sure you're respecting the venue. Someone's been leaving graffiti at our shows and while we're flattered by the dedication, we're really not into the extra work it's giving the staff. Everybody got it?\" The stadium roared in response. Jonathan nodded and Sock strummed out the first note of their next song. Sock was in his element onstage. A performer at heart, onstage he was a pulsing, sweating mass of passion, grabbing the mic to his mouth like he was going to swallow it, or make out with it. Tossing his extremities around in dance or manic frenzy. Some publications called him berserker, like the gale-force Norsemen of old. Meanwhile, Jonathan just kind of stood there. He paced around the stage, smiling every once in awhile at a fan who would promptly faint. Offstage, he couldn't even be bothered to grimace for photos. He was cool as a cucumber. Of course, this just made him a cool guy. There were all sorts who made him out to be someone who carefully controlled his internal squall until he released himself in song on stage. Singing was the one situation where he would emote. There were hordes of girls across the world vying to romance him over it. Jonathan just held himself close to his chest. That's what he told Sock, anyway. If you asked him, Jonathan needed an outlet for those emotions he claimed he never had. And if he found it most cathartic in front of screaming mobs of thousands, Sock couldn't blame him. He felt that way too. Lil, Jojo—the whole band did. That's why they were in the business in the first place. Musical catharsis. In Sock's case, that ended with a lot of smashed guitars and sometimes smashed limbs. He blew across the stage, accosting Jonathan and Lil and Jojo in equal measure (maybe Jonathan a tad more often), working the instruments and crowd into a thrumming fever-pitch that brought out the raging rocker that lurked in all people. Parents criticized his talent for riling up crowds into healthy mosh pits that occasionally broke a few arms or blackened a few eyes (like anyone could directly blame him for that). When it manifested in writhing all around, gleefully destroying props and looking like he'd destroy bodies too, he knew the band was sometimes concerned about it as well. On their last North American tour, he went through eight guitars. Eight! He would have gone through more too if it weren't for those meddling kids. Their concern was heartening, if unwelcome. People cared about him. He almost couldn't believe it. \"This is Zack.\" Jonathan gestured to the young man standing to attention outside Jonathan's tour bus. Zack was taller than Jonathan, built like a linebacker, but his shoulders were hunched like he was nervous. \"He's a huge fan,\" Jonathan continued. \"He saw us in Sydney, too. Been saving to catch us on tour in a couple places. Zack, this is Sock, but I'm sure you know that.\" Zack nodded and stuck out a hopeful hand. \"It's nice to finally meet you.\" Sock took the hand and stretched his lips in a grimace. \"Nice to meet you too.\" He never liked fans hanging out around their buses. It was like someone loitering around his home. He wasn't sure what Jonathan was doing talking to a fan out here. Although, when the hopeful look on Zack's face morphed into awe upon the handshake, Sock thought that maybe he understood. Jonathan never could resist the big fans. They were easy to please - they dreamed of meeting the members of Valhalla Soundbox someday, and Jonathan could fulfill such a simple innocent dream. Zack clutched a photo in his free hand. Sock caught a glimpse of Jonathan with his head thrown back in a rare moment of unawareness on stage, when he was completely wrapped up in the moment. It was high contrast, obviously professional, and probably cost a lot of money. Jonathan had signed across the brightest part of the photo, his face, in looping black script. So, he was a Jonathan fan. \"You're lucky to meet Jonathan, Zack. He's probably the best singer out there, you'll never hear anyone better.\" Sock lightly pushed Jonathan's shoulder. \"He's the greatest man I know.\" Jonathan rolled his eyes. He was annoyed, but there was something more to it. Some gratitude. \"Sock…\" \"Oh, totally,\" Zack agreed. Leaning forward, he continued enthusiastically. \"His vocals are so raw, in a pure way. I really admire you, Jonathan.\" \"Thanks.\" Jonathan scratched the back of his head sheepishly. \"I need to get going now so if you don't mind…\" \"Yes. Right.\" Zack righted himself and pointed towards the main thoroughfare. \"I'll leave. It's been an honor to meet you two.\" Sock and Jonathan waved as he left. \"He's nice,\" Jonathan said. \"You know I hate it when they hang around the buses.\" Sock rubbed his face. \"But yes, he wasn't bad.\" Jonathan had been acting weird around fans lately. Not his usual self. They had a rule that fans didn't touch Jonathan, because he just wasn't comfortable with that. So when one placed a bold kiss on his cheek after their sold out Sydney show, nobody could blame Sock for getting a little tense. Uncharacteristically, Jonathan just blinked and laughed, giving the fan a big hug and sending them on their way. It was weird of the normally reserved rocker, and Sock let him know that after the meet and greet. \"I just wanted to,\" Jonathan explained. \"Maybe she needed it.\" Sock guessed he couldn't argue with Jonathan's intuition. Their music had been a source of inspiration and hope for people across the world. Jonathan knew a bit of validation went a long way. That didn't make the memory any less strange. \"I won't do it again, Sock. Don't worry. He was chasing his picture over here, the wind got it, and I helped him out.\" In response to Sock's raised eyebrow: \"I know it sounds fake, but it really happened. And it looked like an expensive picture.\" Sock had to allow that. Sock was chained to the interview room table when his lawyer bustled through the heavy metal door. He wasn't restrained too badly, his ankles and left hand were free, but he was a risk and no one wanted to give him free reign of the room. His lawyer took the seat across from Sock and held out a hand. \"Benny. Despite the circumstances, it's nice to meet you, Napoleon.\" Sock shook the hand. \"Nice to meet you too. You can call me Sock. Everyone else does.\" Benny cocked his head in question and then shrugged, like he'd heard worse in his time as a public defender. \"I'm going to get right down to it,\" Benny began, flicking a briefcase open on the tall table. \"You're fifteen, but you do know that your case automatically qualifies for adult court, right?\" Sock nodded. A double homicide would do that. \"But you turned yourself in. That's good, N– Sock. That significantly helps your case. What doesn't help is, um, the sleepwalking?\" Benny placed a transcript of Sock's 911 call on the table. A couple lines were highlighted. I was asleep, I just woke up and they're dead. I don't remember what happened. He remembered hyperventilating into the phone, awake like he'd never been before, because his fingers were tacky with the blood of his parents, who were sprawled unmoving in their bed. The freak out was more because he was actually doing it, actually calling the police on himself, and less because he'd apparently just killed his parents. Killing things wasn't new. Killing people, though… The phone was almost glued to his hand with blood. An officer had to pry it from him when they arrived. Benny was calling his name. He looked minutely concerned. \"I think we should order a psych eval.\" \"I was in therapy for awhile,\" Sock admits. \"For homicidal urges. I passed their evals, I dunno if a new one would show anything.\" \"They tested you for substances, correct?\" Sock made a face. \"Yes, they won't find anything. I was really asleep.\" \"For what it's worth, Sock, I believe you. I don't know if a court will.\" There was a knock on the window. Benny turned to the one-way glass and waved at the blank pane, shuffling papers back into his briefcase. \"The police are going to send someone in to talk to you, so I want you to remember a few things about your rights…\" They were almost there. Last verse of the last song of the night. Jojo crashed away on the drums, Lil was bent over the bass in concentration, and Sock was jumping in time with the tempo, fingers aching on the strings of his guitar. Arm raised for the final stroke, Sock bared his teeth at Jonathan, waiting for the vocals that signified the end. Jonathan smiled back, leaned into the mic, and opened his mouth to begin. He was framed in white light, too bright to be from the tech, concentrated around his feet. It cut off the sound of his voice before he got a single syllable in, but Sock, Lil, and Jojo still followed the beat, playing without him. Sock's hand faltered on a note as the white consumed Jonathan on stage. It illuminated the stadium, throwing the faces in the first few rows into stark contrast, forcing eyes closed and mouths open. Sock squinted into the light, looking for Jonathan's figure, but the light cleared in an instant, and Jonathan was nowhere to be seen. The stadium roared and whooped, started chanting for an encore as Sock met Lil and Jojo by Jonathan's mic. They looked at the ground where he had been standing and then at each other, searching faces for any trace of knowledge about what had just happened. But everyone was equally confused. The light and Jonathan disappearing were not part of their routine. Tech wasn't even equipped with light that bright or the ability to pop someone offstage. Jonathan was gone and they had no idea why. \"What happened out there?\" Jojo faced Lil and threw her drumsticks on the shelf by her bunk. \"No idea.\" \"Jonathan just… He vanished, right?\" Lil folded into the booth between the kitchen and bunks, hugging herself. \"I didn't just hallucinate that?\" \"No, I saw it too.\" Jojo joined her in the booth, placing a light hand on her lower back. \"I'm sure security will find out what happened.\" Lil leaned into her, eyes closing with a satisfied sigh. It was a small gesture, but huge for them. Sock knew they were dating in secret, that they hadn't even told the rest of the band yet. The paparazzi were relentless, and they'd want to stay out of the limelight for as long as they could. Sock shucked off his costume, opting for a pair of worn jeans and a soft T-shirt. Civilian clothes, for mixing with the general public. \"Where you going?\" Jojo watched him lace up his boots. \"I'm going to check out the stage, it might have a clue about what happened to Jonathan.\" Jojo's eyebrows crinkled. \"I think we should leave investigating to security, Sock. They know what they're doing. If they can't find Jonathan, they'll call the police.\" \"I'm not waiting for security or the police.\" Sock yanked the knots on his boots and threw open the door. \"You can come.\" She didn't get up, and he left by himself. Sock and Jojo were a bit of a sore spot with the band. They had known each other since childhood, and their relationship hadn't always been pleasant. Maybe Sock had been a bit of a tormentor as a kid, maybe not. Sock was certain that his insistence on showing Jojo dead things as a child was his way of trying to connect, while she believed it was his malicious attempt to disturb her deeply. Whatever the intention, it landed him in psychotherapy. He was proud to say he maintained his interest in taxidermy as an adult, at least. Years of medication and talk doctors couldn't take that from him. Jojo knew what Sock had done, why he'd gone to prison. And given the fact that it was she he had tormented with his childhood kills, she was well acquainted with all of his homicidal behavior. Despite this, she still returned his calls and hung out with him. Sock thought that maybe she still saw that lonely little boy who tore up her favorite Squirrely. It was actually Jojo who suggested to Sock that they form a band. They were already half a band: a guitarist and drummer. Jojo knew Lil, a bassist, and Sock knew a closeted singer: Jonathan. There was no reason to be in a band other than they could, and Sock mostly wanted in to see Jonathan sing. He wasn't shy about his skills, but he definitely wasn't going around sharing them with everyone. It took a considerable amount of liquor and blackmail to get him to the mic for their first practice. Jonathan learned to sing by participating in church choir since he was a child. In high school he was singled out for one-on-one lessons and once he graduated he would make the rounds on karaoke nights. The first time Sock met Jonathan, he was singing quite beautifully, despite how drunk he was. It was funny watching him attempt to follow the words scrolling across the screen, until it wasn't. In that bar, long ago, the song ended and Jonathan squinted out at the audience. Everyone was clapping and hollering. He split a watery grin. His bow turned into a seated fetal position, and in the uncomfortable silence that followed, his shaking shoulders and hidden face made it obvious he was having some kind of breakdown. Patrons turned back to their drinks and murmured conversations. The quiet went on too long and Sock stood up with a sigh. Somebody had to help the poor sap. He put a hand on karaoke-guy's shoulder and shook it a bit. \"Hey, buddy, it's going to embarrass you later that you sat down in the spotlight and sobbed your face off.\" He looked down at his hands and up at Sock, mouth opened like he'd just realized what was happening. This guy was really out of it. Sock waved at the bartender's curious look to indicate that he had control of the situation and he took a seat next to karaoke-guy, completely comfortable in the bright light of the stage. \"I'm Sock,\" he said, offering a hand. \"Jonathan,\" the other man mumbled. \"You look like a Jonathan,\" Sock offered. \"It's in the eyes. They just scream, 'Jonathan!'\" He said it in a small squeaky voice, how he imagined eyes would sound if they had vocal chords. Jonathan grinned. \"You don't look like a Sock. You look like a person. Like a high schooler, actually.\" He narrowed his eyes. \"Should you even be in a bar?\" Sock laughed, a quick 'HAH'. \"You'd be surprised how often I get people doubting my age. I'm not going to let the drunk guy card me, though. I swear on my mother's grave I'm of age.\" Without warning, Jonathan keened and buried his head in his arms again. Sock held up his hands. Was it something he said? \"I'm sorry,\" Jonathan began, rubbing his arm over his eyes. He was in a thick gray hoodie, arms and torso buried in layers of fleece, like he was hiding himself from prying eyes. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Hey, uh. It's okay,\" Sock offered. \"Maybe you should go home. Do you want me to call you a cab?\" \"Please.\" After Sock made the call, he put his hand on Jonathan's shoulder again. \"I probably shouldn't ask, but what's got you in such a knot? Is it a girl?\" Jonathan hugged his knees, contemplating the edge of the stage. In the bright lights, he was white like a ghost. Sock could only see one eye, which seemed to look beyond the floor, down deeper, into the cold compact earth. \"My mom died,\" he admitted quietly. Sock almost didn't hear it over the conversation that had resumed around the bar. He pursed his lips. \"I'm sorry.\" Jonathan shook his head. \"Don't be, it's not your fault.\" \"Well, I'm sorry it's got you in such a bad way.\" Jonathan turned that piercing gaze on Sock, and he shivered. Whatever Jonathan was looking for, he found it in Sock's face. \"She died a couple months ago, actually. But this is the first time I've left my apartment since then. Look where that got me.\" He grimaced. \"Stupid!\" He got up as if to leave and swayed on his feet. Sock stood and offered his shoulder, which Jonathan accepted with another grimace, like he regretted everything that brought him to this moment. Sock was slightly insulted. He made a very good crutch, thank you very much. When someone needed help, they practically begged to lean on him. \"You know,\" Sock said as they waited under the bar's overhang for the taxi. \"You're really good at singing, even drunk. You should try out for something. I'm sure all us bums would miss you down here, but your voice should be on the radio.\" Jonathan laughed bitterly. It twisted Sock's gut and made bile rise into the back of his throat. He'd poked the wasp's nest. \"Thanks, but I don't think so.\" Sock handed Jonathan his number on a receipt as he climbed into the cab. \"Text me to let me know you got back okay.\" Jonathan gave him a suspicious eye. \"Why?\" \"I don't have to be your life partner to worry about someone making it home alright,\" Sock huffed. \"You don't have to but it would be nice to know you're not lying dead in a ditch somewhere.\" Jonathan pulled the door shut without an answer, but Sock got a message as he keyed into his own apartment. Not dead in a ditch , from an unknown number. Sock texted a thumbs up emoji, then after some thought, a squinty-eyed smiley and a party cracker. Geeze , he got back. Then, Thank you . Night . Hey. Im not sure how to ask this, but would you be up to seeing a movie with me? Who is this? Jonathan. Didn't you save my number? No This is Sock, right? Yes Ten minutes with no response. Is that a no? If it's Saturday, it's a yes I can do Saturday Sock stared at his smartphone, trying to think of a polite way to put his thoughts. Didn't you just meet me? Why do you want to do a movie? He got an answer the next day, like Jonathan had spent the night thinking about his reply. You're all I've got Jonathan, for all he had a breakdown the first time they met, was usually an exceptionally stable person. Even though they saw a romantic comedy, Sock wasn't sure Jonathan even caught the comedy aspect of the film. Not a twitch of the lip or huff of laughter the entire time. That, or he was repressing everything in the wake of his mother's death. Sock chose to believe he had someone significantly well-adjusted in his life instead. \"Dude,\" Sock said as he tossed his trash on the way out. \"It must suck to play you in poker.\" \"I don't gamble,\" Jonathan said, taking out his phone to check the time. Sock rolled his eyes. \"Of course you don't.\" He wondered if Jonathan did anything at all, aside from taking strangers he met at the bar to rom-coms. They ended up at another bar across the street. Sock settled into the unfamiliar barstool and poked Jonathan's shoulder a few times. \"So, spill.\" Jonathan raised an eyebrow. He had no idea what Sock was talking about. \"The texts? Movie? 'I'm all you've got'?\" Sock gestured to encompass their outing. Jonathan hunched and took a swig of his beer. \"You were the first person I talked to in months. It was easier to ask you.\" \"Easier to ask me instead of who?\" \"My family, or my old friends. I only had a few, and I haven't spoken to them since the funeral.\" Jonathan stares over the bar, at his reflection in the mirror behind the shelves of bottles. \"I don't know if I can bring myself to talk to anyone I know.\" Sock nodded sagely. \"You can unload on a stranger though.\" \"It's not like that. Not like, 'unloading.'\" Jonathan looks away from his own gaze, uncomfortable. \"I need to do something different in my life. I understand if you don't want to be here, though. I wouldn't blame you if you left. We just met.\" Sock held his response on his tongue. He wanted to tell Jonathan that he actually didn't have any close friends, just some acquaintances and coworkers. He could admit to Jonathan that he needed something new too, that the absence weighed on him like tar. That Jonathan was the first human being he had a real conversation with since that gas station attendant a few weeks ago. But they just met. Instead, he says, \"My parents are dead too.\" Jonathan grunts. \"Then you know how I'm doing, six weeks into it.\" Sock just nods. They go quiet. \"You're very good at singing,\" Sock tries again. \"I know you laughed at me when I suggested going along with it, but you really shouldn't dismiss it. Where did you learn to sing like that?\" Jonathan told him about church choir, high school lessons, showers and weddings and duets with his mom. She had been the wind under his wings. She didn't have any background in music but tried to encourage his interests as best she knew how, with the little money she had. \"Singing was free,\" Jonathan said. \"I don't need to buy anything to sing, not like with guitar or hockey. I could afford my own voice.\" He goes quiet, contemplative. \"When I was very young, after my father died, I wouldn't speak to people. They called it 'selective mutism,' an anxiety disorder that happened to me after trauma.\" He put down his drink and held up his hands, making a few precise gestures to Sock's face. \"I said, 'nice to meet you.'\" \"You can sign ASL?\" Sock had never met anyone who could sign. \"A little bit.\" Jonathan took a heartening gulp of beer. \"Don't need it much now that I can speak again. But it's been useful before, so I still practice.\" \"So that's why singing is such a big deal? Because you weren't able to talk for awhile?\" Jonathan nodded. \"It's like a gift. 'You don't know what you've got until it's gone.'\" Sock smiled. This was a man of many talents. Someone who had been through a lot of pain, but turned his suffering into art with his muscles and skin, with gestures and song. \"Sing for me,\" Sock requested a few weeks later. They lounged on his couch, watching Ghost Adventures on TV to make fun of the cast as they ran screaming from creaking doors. \"C'mon, you can't talk about how important it is and then not do it.\" Jonathan pursed his lips. \"Maybe some other time.\" \"Please?\" \"Sock.\" Sock frowned. He hadn't seen Jonathan at karaoke night again and Jonathan had admitted that the last time he went to a church was for his mother's funeral. \"You're not singing, are you? Not since your mom died.\" Jonathan kept his eyes on the TV, intently watching a commercial for McDonald's. Sock rolled his eyes. Looking back, it seemed like another form of his childhood anxiety disorder. Someone he loved died, and part of his expression went with them: his voice. His mother took his song with her to the grave. Jonathan couldn't fly without any wind. It must hurt terribly, to have part of himself locked away. Sock thought about his psychotherapy, the instructions to control his homicidal urges and leave the neighborhood pests alone. To leave Jojo alone. Sock sat on the edge of the stage and strummed his guitar gently, thoughtful. He had scoured the stage for any sign of Jonathan. Nothing. They were nearing the last show of their world tour. Jonathan performed in front of crowds of thousands without an ounce of doubt. He had come a long way from the man Sock had first met. Sock wondered if the same could be said for him. He was ready to hype the finale's crowd like no other, to see the night out with a bang. There would be more shows and more opportunities to rile up fans, but the finale was a special night. It was a night he wanted to drown in noise and passion. It was the night he got out of prison. It was awhile before Jonathan returned to the bar where they first met. Their relationship was different this time, not because the movie had affected some great change, but because Sock was working the bar that evening. \"You work here?\" Jonathan raised an eyebrow as he took a seat and hashed out his order. \"Yeah.\" Sock grinned and prepped his drink. \"The boss is always cranky and they always leave the drunk people to me, but it's work.\" \"So why do you work here if you hate it so much?\" Sock frowned at the glass he wiped. \"Do you want the truth or the lie I want to say?\" Jonathan looked taken-aback, like the answer should have been something simple and inoffensive, instead of the Earth-shattering revelation it would probably be. \"The truth, I guess.\" Sock paused. \"This place hires felons.\" \"Oh,\" Jonathan said. Then, \"Are those places hard to find?\" Sock rolled his eyes. \"God, yes. You don't know the half of it. It's like making a rock bleed.\" But he smiled. Jonathan didn't freak or seem surprised. Just sympathetic. He'd see how long that would hold. \"I bet you want to know why I'm a felon.\" Jonathan shrugged. \"Only if you want to tell.\" Sock placed the glass gently on the drying rack. Water dripped down his hands, slicing cold trails into his skin. So cold it was almost warm. The ghosts of bloody hands holding knives and receivers. He didn't want to tell, really. \"You'd be okay with not knowing? With hanging around an ex-con and being in the dark about what he's done?\" \"You're working a shitty job at a shitty bar, socializing with a shitty singer. Whatever you've done, you've served time and now you're here, slogging through life with a smile on your face. You're trying. That's got to count for something.\" One second, Sock and Jonathan were safely separated by the bar, a solid wall of wood and glass keeping their worlds apart. The next, Sock wrapped around Jonathan in a crushing hug, pressed against his chest the moment Jonathan sucked in a breath of shock. \"Thanks,\" Sock said quietly. \"Thank you for giving me a chance.\" I won't let you down . Fans were something both precious and annoying. Sock found that as their listener base grew, he had less and less patience for the more enthusiastic members. He appreciated their dedication, of course. They contributed to hype, his paycheck, and maybe even a little to his ego. But he couldn't get over the fact that they obsessed over the band from afar without even knowing who Sock, Jonathan, Lil, and Jojo really were. Jonathan's fanbase, for example, was massive, and Sock was pretty sure a good amount of his fans wrote themselves into stories starring a fictional Jonathan, someone they'd probably never meet and definitely never know. He'd seen some things on the Internet that would have offended his mother's sensibilities. The band got cards and figurines and all sorts of gifts from fans. They had a closet in headquarters for all of it, because as much as each instance meant to them, they couldn't haul it around their busy lives. Their music meant a lot to people all over the world. He knew the creative power of music, how it contributed to healing and motivation. Music could understand him when no one else could. It allowed him to process his parents' deaths, his stint in prison, his hardships as a free man. His experiences melded with those of Jonathan, Lil, and Jojo. They made something beautiful out of agony. It's what anyone would want in the aftermath of something terrible. He had to wonder if their situation would one day become music, like all the other painful things in their lives. It was two days since Jonathan had gone missing. They had to wait one more day before making a case with the police, a technicality Sock wanted to piss all over. An international superstar doesn't just disappear in front of a crowd of thousands. There was no arguing that was suspicious. He wished this had at least happened back in the United States. Germany's system was unfamiliar. He knew they would inform the US embassy when they informed the police too, but it didn't make him feel much better. He remembered the last time he was this agitated. Jonathan was scared. And because Jonathan was scared, Sock was nervous. It was difficult to get to Jonathan, but this situation was really knocking him off his rocker. Jonathan stood offstage, just behind the curtains, peering out at the audience every once in awhile. It was their second show at this particular venue, a fairly popular bar by the name of Pourhouse. It had a real stage, with a projection and light setup. Even curtains, which were open, revealing their instruments, set up and waiting to be played. Lil and Jojo were backstage somewhere. Sock was trying to keep their lead singer on this plane of existence. \"I don't feel right,\" Jonathan said, refusing to face Sock. The only sign of his anxiety was how he gripped the edge of the curtain like a security blanket. \"It's gonna be weird at first, but you'll get used to you,\" Sock tried to reassure him. \"What if I can't do it? What if the alcohol gave me all my stage presence? What if I slip up?\" Jonathan cupped his hands and leaned into them, like he was praying. \"This is my first sober show. What if I fuck it up?\" Sock hesitantly put a hand on his shoulder, wishing he could physically transfer a sense of calm. \"I know you'll pull through.\" Jonathan finally glanced at Sock, just briefly, then he heaved a resigned sigh. No matter how Jonathan felt about singing sober onstage, it had to be done. His drinking habits were bordering on out-of-control. If asked, Jojo would assure anyone that Jonathan was already a full-blown alcoholic. Sock thought that was a bit much, he wasn't smuggling alcohol into the apartment or anything, but it was still worrying. It was never just about the drinking. Alcohol was an early coping mechanism after his mother died a year ago. Jonathan had to let go of her one way or another if he wanted to really live, not just exist as a pale memory on two legs. So tonight, no matter how it went, was progress. Jonathan was sober onstage for the first time since the band began performing. In their free time, Jonathan would teach Sock some ASL. Jonathan's own skills were limited to what a child would have known, but he still managed to get the basic sentence structure and vocabulary across. They used it to communicate privately when they were in public or when neither could hear. Jonathan would covertly make the gesture for get me out of here and Sock would wrap up whatever they were doing. Sock would would indicate that they should skip the next song in a set and Jonathan would sign back, got it . Or they would argue over it. It was thrilling, like their own secret language. Their relationship was something like friendship. It wasn't like they always got along. In fact, as time progressed, Sock felt that they got along less. They fought and stormed out and got tired of each other. But they stuck together, inexplicably. Always, they mended things and sat back like friends. It struck Sock that as only children, neither of them knew what it was like to have a sibling. Maybe this was it. Sock didn't want to call them anything like friends or siblings, though. He didn't deserve a title like that. Not until Jonathan knew everything. About the death of his parents, his time in prison. He doubted any relationship would survive that. To save himself the heartache, he was going to consider them good acquaintances. When Jonathan broke it off it would hurt less that way. The lie sat bitterly in his chest. It was the driving force of an electric guitar that carried Valhalla Soundbox's tone. Every instrument―the voice, bass, drums, guitar―was vital. Each were threads woven into a full picture. But what really pulled the tapestry together was, without a doubt, Sock and his electric guitar. It helped that he basically wrote the music. Sure he collaborated with everyone else, especially Jonathan, but it was he that demoed new songs and brainstormed nonstop. Sock's fingers hesitated a moment too long and he tossed his guitar away in disgust. Trying to lose himself to music, practicing unreleased material, wasn't bringing him the same serenity. Not with Jonathan missing. He couldn't focus. There was a knock on Sock's door. On the other side was none other than Zack, the fan Jonathan had introduced Sock to a few days ago. \"Zack?\" His mouth dropped open. \"You remember my name.\" Sock didn't feel like dealing with a starry-eyed superfan right now. \"Yeah. Listen, I can sign one thing, but then you have to leave. We've got a situation right now and I need to help deal with it.\" \"That's why I'm here.\" Zack sobered up. \"Jonathan's missing.\" \"How did you know? We haven't even told the police.\" \"I heard security talking.\" \"No offense, I appreciate the worry, but we're handling it.\" Sock began to close the door. \"Have a nice day.\" \"Wait, wait.\" Zack caught the door. \"I might know where Jonathan is.\" Sock paused. He narrowed his eyes. \"How?\" Zack licked his lips nervously. \"The person who runs the biggest Valhalla Sounbox fanclub, Ilse? We're kinda good friends. I found her some rare merch once and she returned the favor. She, uh, she's been talking about this big project she's working on. She said Jonathan was involved and today she told me it's almost done and Jonathan's there, helping her.\" \"And I should believe the crazy fangirl, why?\" Zack pulled a phone out of his pocket and swiped across the screen. He handed the phone to Sock. It was a selfie. Jonathan smiled back, hugging another person with long brown hair and joy in their eyes. Sock had known Jonathan for years and had never seen him look so carefree. It was disconcerting. \"I came here as soon as I got off the phone, you can check the timestamp on the picture. I'm telling the truth. I might know where he is.\" Sock handed the phone back and steeled himself. It was time to trust a fan. \"Show me.\" It was so stereotypical, it almost made him laugh. The run down warehouse, with weeds all around the perimeter and busted doors hanging off their hinges. It wouldn't have been out of place in a crime television show. Jonathan was in there. Sock hoped that every single person who had a hand in his disappearance would be present, so he could brain them himself. There were no words for how wrong the situation was. Lil waved from behind one of the busted doors. The coast was clear. Inside, there was nothing. Just dust, a few abandoned crates. The space stretched for what seemed like miles of echoing darkness. Sock heard his footsteps reflected across the room, like someone was mirroring his movements, following them. He hunched, avoiding the few spots of dim light from boarded up windows high above their heads. \"This place is really creepy,\" Jojo whispered. She noticed Lil's wide eyes and grabbed her hand. \"What else did you expect from the weirdoes who kidnapped an international superstar,\" Sock mumbled. \"Only someone who frequents a place like this would even cook up that idea.\" Everyone looked at Zack, who shuffled behind them uncomfortably. \"I don't see anything,\" Lil said. \"Literally. It's so dark in here. Zack, do you know where they would be? Are there secret rooms or something?\" \"No,\" Zack said. \"I don't know anything else, just that she would always stop here.\" \"Okay,\" Lil dropped Jojo's hand to face the group. \"We should split up, see if we can find any doors or signs of life.\" Jojo grabbed Lil's hand back. \"Have you seen a single horror movie in your life? You are definitely not supposed to split up in the creepy warehouse. I'm not leaving you.\" Lil blinked, gazing at Jojo in silence. Jojo gazed back and readjusted her grip on Lil's hand, bringing it up to her cheek. \"Okay!\" Sock said, not wanting to see another minute of intimacy. Those two were supposed to be keeping their relationship a secret and were really not doing a good job at it. \"You two go to the right, Zack and I will go to the left. See you!\" And he quickly left the scene. He didn't even care whether or not Zack followed him. Sock and Zack reached the far wall. It was even darker here, so when Zack bumped into Sock's back with an exclamation of \"oomph!\", Sock blamed the reflexive punch on his lack of vision. If Zack suspected otherwise, he wisely stayed silent. Sock kicked a board on the floor, grateful for the hollow clattering noises it made against the ground. They walked over a grate set into the cement and he dragged his feet to make it hum. The warehouse was too quiet, even with the echoes of Lil and Jojo on the other side. \"So you're really sure she never mentioned anything else about this place?\" Sock pushed. \"Zip?\" \"Yeah, she was pretty tight lipped about the whole thing.\" Zack put a hand on the wall, feeling for any disruption in the brick. \"She would just say, 'I'm going down to the Benno.'\" \"Wait, 'going down'?\" Sock backed up and felt around the grate with his foot. His toes bumped into a handle, and a hinge. It was big enough to fit two people down at once, and not at all in the same disrepair as the rest of the warehouse. No dust or debris or rust on it whatsoever. He grinned. Jojo insisted on going down first, since she was smaller and more nimble. Of course, Lil wouldn't let her be any sort of alone, so she was next. Then Sock, then Zack. They were way too prepared to crawl down a dark hole in the ground, Sock thought. He remembered when the bravest thing he had to do was rip off a Band-Aid. It was completely black and quiet underground. This time, Sock bumped into Zack, so he let him off the hook for that one. The tunnel stretched in one direction, and somewhere in the distance, there was a pinprick of light. Sock pushed his way past Lil and Jojo, who stood pressed shoulder to shoulder in his way. \"If no one's going to move, I'll go get him myself.\" \"Sock,\" Lil hissed, trailing after him. \"We don't know what's up there. We have to be careful.\" \"Careful's my middle name.\" \"I thought it was Maxwell,\" Jojo said. Lil didn't say anything, and he knew they were both thinking of his mosh pit expertise. Whatever. He was careful enough to take care of some crazy fans. He felt along the wall as he walked, just in case there was another passageway or grate. Or, hey, they were in a creepy underground lair, maybe there was a sconce on the wall that would light up so he could finally see. The darkness pressed against his eyes like it was trying to crush him. It made it difficult to breathe quietly. Jonathan. Sock set his jaw. Jonathan would be fine. They'd find him in one piece, a little freaked out, and make a clean escape. They'd hire more security. Jonathan would forever be grateful to Sock and always listen when he said his fans were creepy. He couldn't begin to consider what might happen if Jonathan wasn't okay, or if Sock really couldn't handle some crazy fans. Anyone who was capable of kidnapping such a public figure must be some kind of formidable. Even if they weren't physically good opponents, they had something on their side that Sock didn't. Whatever it was that made Jonathan disappear in an instant, like a bad Vegas magic trick. He scoffed as magic crossed his mind. Yeah, right. Someone said something. He stopped, managing to stay upright as each person following ran into each other. \"What did you say?\" he asked back across the line. \"Nobody said anything, Sock,\" Jojo responded. Sock heard it again. He turned towards the light, which was less of a pinprick and more like a disc now. Another voice joined in. It was conversation from the light. Jonathan. Sock started off again, quicker than before. The tunnel began to lighten. Lil grabbed his shoulder. \"We need some sort of plan. We can't just walk in there and ask politely.\" \"The plan...\" Sock brushed off her hand, continuing to walk. \"The plan is that we take them by surprise, Jojo, Zack, and I punch some people, you find Jonathan, and then we run.\" \"That's a terrible plan.\" \"Do you have anything better?\" \"We could call our lawyers to threaten them.\" Sock raised an eyebrow, even though no one could see it. \"Do you really think somebody that's willing to kidnap someone into an underground lair is going to be scared by lawyers?\" \"I say we punch them,\" Jojo chimed in. Lil grumbled something but didn't reject the plan. They walked for what seemed like forever in the dark and quiet, but was probably just a dozen minutes. Sock was amazed at how long the tunnel was. He had no idea what they were under anymore, because the warehouse was definitely not this big. As the voices got closer, Sock pulled himself tighter. He was pissed, and no amount of fear about going into the situation blind was alleviating that. The first face he saw, he was going to let loose. Sock neared the light, which was now a hole larger than he was tall. Beyond it, there were shelves on unfinished cinderblock walls, holding bottles and tea tins. Someone passed across the hole, throwing him into momentary shadow. Sock stiffened, ready for an attack, but none came. He could hear what they were saying now. \"You feel fine?\" said an unknown voice. \"We have potions, and tea. Tea always helps.\" \"I'll pass.\" And that was Jonathan's voice. \"I feel great. It's been awhile. Thanks for the vessel.\" Sock pressed against the wall, pulling up to the edge of the hole. The others did the same. He scrunched up his face. Vessel? Potions? What sort of conversation between captor and captive was this? \"It's no problem, Mastema. It's our honor, our honor.\" If a voice could genuflect, this one would. They sounded like they were speaking to a revered king. He quickly threw his head around the corner to see the other half of the room. It was indeed an unfinished basement, with ascending stairs on the far end and a single bulb hanging from the ceiling. Two people sat on the ground in the middle―Jonathan, who faced the hole cross legged in the middle of a circle painted on the floor, and another person in a black robe, face hidden by a hood. They faced away from the hole, but noticed when Jonathan met Sock's eyes and Jonathan raised an eyebrow. Sock drew himself back into the hole, hoping the robed figure had missed him. No one came to investigate, so he figured they were safe. Lil elbowed his arm and inclined her head towards the hole. Should they go in now? Sock nodded. There was only one person, aside from Jonathan. If they could incapacitate the robed person, the person couldn't go get help, in the case that there were more of them just out of sight. He jumped out of the hole and rushed the robed person, catching them in the back with his shoulder. The person toppled to the ground with a surprised shout. Thinking quickly, Sock clapped a hand over their mouth. The person scratched at Sock's face. Jojo finally arrived and grabbed their arms. \"Lil, do you have Jonathan?\" Sock ground out, attempting to hold the person's mouth closed when they kept squirming. Zack sauntered over, pulled back his arm, and released a punch to the back of their head. They stopped fighting and fell limply against Sock. Sock got up and let them keep falling, smacking onto the floor. He shrewdly evaluated Zack. \"That was a really hard punch. You knocked them right out.\" \"Right,\" Zack said, looking a lot less meek than he had previously. \"I work out.\" \"Hm.\" \"Jonathan,\" Lil was saying. \"Come on.\" Jonathan was still cross legged on the floor, watching the commotion with an amused tilt to his mouth. \"Who are you fine ladies and gentlemen?\" Jonathan asked, squinting up at Lil. Sock's heart dropped. \"It's us. Sock, Lil, Jojo, and… Zack.\" Jonathan raised a finger in recognition. Then he dropped it. \"Yeah, I have no idea who you are.\" \"You don't know your bandmates?\" Jojo said incredulously. \"It's not like I had to share a tour bus with your stinky ass for the past few months or anything. Glad I'm so forgettable.\" The robed figure on the floor groaned. \"Guys,\" Sock grabbed Jonathan off the floor, bringing him to his feet. His face never lost the amused expression, and Sock fought down his discomfort and fear. \"We need to go. We can deal with this later.\" Sock began to walk for the hole, but Jonathan wouldn't budge. \"Jonathan,\" Sock practically pleaded. \"We really have to go before more of those weirdoes show up.\" Jonathan cocked his head, considering Sock, then pointed towards the stairs. \"It's much shorter if you exit through the front door. I'd much prefer that to a long dark tunnel. I've already been through one too many of those today.\" Lil went up first, then Sock with Jonathan in tow. Jojo and Zack made up the rear guard. They emerged into a dank, dark room. Lil felt around for a door handle and brushed over stone and wood. \"I found a handle,\" Jojo said. \"But I don't think it's for a door.\" With a shudder and a creak, Zack pushed open the door. Light flooded the room. Jojo and Lil jumped back from the walls. Coffins were shelved neatly amongst cobwebs and piles of dust. The one nearest Jojo had handles on the sides. The steps descended from a stone tomb in the middle of the room labeled Bernhard. They were in a mausoleum. \"Okay, wow, I am leaving right now.\" Lil dashed outside. Everyone was quick to follow. Weaving through headstones, they came to a thin line of trees, beyond which was a paved road. Jojo broke cover and rushed for the road. She jumped, waving at a pair of approaching headlights, shouting. But the car zoomed by. Lil plucked herself from a bush and joined Jojo in her efforts. Still cautious, Sock shuffled closer to Jonathan, staying hidden in the foliage. \"We'll flag someone down, don't worry about it. We're world famous, someone's got to help us out.\" Jonathan hummed. \"Well at least my vessel has that going for him. What's his name again?\" Sock eyed Jonathan with a mix of annoyance and concern. \"Are you still going on about that? I don't know what they hit you with―you're going to a hospital once we're back in civilization, because you keep talking like you're not Jonathan.\" \"I'm not,\" Jonathan insisted. \"I am someone else completely. In Jonathan's body.\" \"So you're sure you're not Jonathan?\" \"Positive.\" \"Alright then.\" Sock narrowed his eyes. \"Prove it.\" \"Well, where do I even start. You went to prison for killing your parents. You got a light sentence, because it was an accident and you displayed an appropriate amount of guilt about it. You served your sentence and went to therapy like the good kid you are and then you left a reformed man. \"But that's not how it really is, is it, Sock? You don't feel bad about what you did. You regret that it happened and you miss your parents, but that's it. There's no guilt around the killing. You do worry though. What if it happens again? To Lil or Jojo? Or even Jonathan? If it happened to any of them it would probably be Jonathan. One way or another, you always drive away those closest to you, just by being truthful about who you are.\" Sock pulled away and the bushes rustled. Jonathan had no idea what he'd done. \"Who are you?\" Jonathan, or rather, whoever was in Jonathan, huffed. \"Well I can tell you I'm definitely not Mastema. Those kooks in there dialed the wrong number.\" He stuck out Jonathan's hand. \"I'm Mephistopheles. Welcome to the nightmare.\" Jojo managed to flag down a car willing to get them back to civilization. Back in one of the tour buses, they argued. \"No, guys,\" Sock agreed. \"I don't think he's Jonathan.\" \"What?\" Jojo said. \"Now you're in on it too? What would even make you think that?\" Sock averted his eyes. He couldn't look at the pain in Jojo's face, couldn't look her in the eye when he lied. \"I don't know, he just doesn't seem like Jonathan.\" \"Okay, let's pretend this isn't Jonathan. How do we get rid of this guy?\" Lil said. She clasped her hands together and watched Mephistopheles pick at the sleeve of Jonathan's hoodie, the look on his face suggesting he felt like he had been barely clothed in dirty rags. \"You could just kill him,\" Mephistopheles offered with Jonathan's voice. He dropped the sleeve to focus on the others in the room. \"That would send me back in a snap.\" \"No!\" They all cried in unison. What a terrible thought. \"Do they not do that anymore? Whatever happened to that? What year is it?\" \"Uh,\" Sock had to think for a second. \"2017.\" \"Geeze, time has been chugging along out here. The last time I was around was 1720. Humans were just figuring out yacht clubs. Pretentious, but what else do you expect.\" \"Okay. This is crazy.\" Lil's voice wobbled as she grabbed her head. Hearing Jonathan say \"humans\" like he wasn't one was too much. Mephistopheles quirked Jonathan's mouth in amusement. He spoke with a strange lilt in his voice, like he was trying for an accent and couldn't figure out how to do it on someone else's vocal chords. \"Most people who end up in my presence want to be there. You guys really don't want me here, huh?\" \"We really don't want you here. We want Jonathan back,\" Sock insisted. \"Well, there is one person who might be able to help you. But,\" Mephistopheles wagged a finger, \"if you want me to tell you, you have to do something for me. I want one of your souls.\" \"What?!\" That was Jojo. She was halfway in the fridge, hand frozen inches from a beer. \"Hey, if I have to be up here I want to damn at least one person.\" She slammed the door with more force than strictly necessary. \"No way!\" \"Looks like I'm Jonathan forever, then.\" \"Look, isn't there something else we can bargain with?\" Lil tried to reason. \"Do you want money? Fame?\" Mephistopheles contemplated that for a bit. Then he relented. \"I could use some coffee.\" \"That's it? You were demanding souls but now you can be bought off with coffee?\" \"Hey, coffee is a necessity. I only got ten years of it once the Netherlands started producing. My time with it was cut brutally short.\" The person who could help apparently lived in a castle. A castle that was a university conveniently within taxi distance. They entered through a stone arch and arrived at a thick wooden door, probably original to the building. The embossed nameplate read P. Vorsehung. Mephistopheles knocked twice and they waited. A heavy woman with a shock of purple hair on her head came to the door. \"Hallo, wie kann ich Ihnen helfen?\" she said, eyes bright and smile wide. \"Uh,\" Jojo began. \"Sorry, we don't speak German. English?\" Before the woman could look too confused, Mephistopheles stepped in. \"Vorsehung, schön dich wiederzusehen.\" \"Mephistopheles!\" she exclaimed, then continued in rapid fire German while Jonathan's face morphed into a grimace at her words. \"Hey,\" Jojo snapped. \"Maybe include us in your conversation.\" The woman turned to them and tipped her head. \"Yes, of course, sorry about that. It's just been so long since I saw Mephistopheles! I'm glad he's doing well.\" \"That yelling was supposed to be happy?\" Lil mumbled to Sock. German did have the tendency to sound angry to those who didn't speak it. \"Yeah, well, Mephistopheles doing well means our friend isn't. He said you could fix that,\" Sock said. Her eyes widened in understanding. \"Oh, that man he's possessing is your friend? Come in, I can help with that.\" She opened the door fully and everyone cleared out of the hallway. Her office was large, lined with bookcases packed with old tomes in good condition, not dusty or torn or crooked in the least. She took a seat at a heavy wooden desk set before bay windows that overlooked the grassy school grounds. Gesturing to indicate they should claim the armchairs before the desk, she got right into it. \"If you know Mephistopheles, then you know I'm not just a university professor. I'm known as Vorsehung here, but you can call me Providence.\" She carefully placed both hands on her desk and looked into each of their eyes in turn. \"You have to understand, whatever I tell you here, including my status as a witch, needs to stay between us. I have methods to enforce secrecy, but I'd prefer we all reach the same understanding instead.\" \"Of course,\" Sock said. He didn't care what anyone was, what they did, or what they told him as long as Jonathan was going to be put back to normal in the end. \"Providence, that's a name.\" She smiled. \"Yes, back when I was born, it was customary to name a child after a random word in the Christian bible. Luther had just translated it into the people's dialect, after all. They made good use of that.\" \"Luther? Like Martin Luther?\" \"The very one!\" \"When the hell were you born?\" \"Sometime around 1538.\" \"But that would make you… Over five hundred years old.\" \"And I don't look a day over thirty!\" \"Get to the point, Providence,\" Mephistopheles moaned. Her smile faded into something rueful. \"Mephistopheles, always trying to get things moving along. \"Let me tell you a bit about myself first. Thirty years after 1538, witch hysteria arrived in my hometown. Before all of that, witches were actually pretty highly regarded. It just meant I could read, write, and brew things other than beer. But learned women became something to fear. I lost a lot of sisters to it.\" Her eyes grew hard. \"They tried to burn me at the stake, but unlike a lot of the suspected witches they got, I was actually a witch. They couldn't get me. Nobody can.\" Sock got the message. Don't cross her. \"A book went missing from my library a few years ago. Now that you're here with me, your friend unwillingly possessed, I think I know where it went. One of my economics students, who doubled as a magic student in secret, stole it from me. It was about summoning a very powerful being…\" \"Mastema,\" Mephistopheles guessed. \"They messed up and got me.\" Providence nodded. \"I will help you. But if you come across my student, that book must come back to me.\" \"Of course,\" Sock agreed. For several hours, Providence gave it her best shot. Providence paced around Mephistopheles, chanting something in a foreign language that wasn't German. She paused and looked up from the book. Mephistopheles shrugged, still firmly in Jonathan. She frowned and replaced the book on the shelf. \"I've tried everything. Whatever they did to put Mephistopheles in there, it's nothing I've ever seen before. I can't undo it.\" Lil sat up in the armchair where she dozed. \"There's nothing?\" \"Well, you said that magic circles showed up at your shows?\" Everyone nodded. \"My guess, without seeing them, is that they were charging with the energy from the concerts. They're like batteries. If you take them out, Mephistopheles might leave and Jonathan might come back.\" \"No one could remove them, though,\" Sock said, remembering the poor technicians in Prague trying to scrub the paint from the cement. \"I can whip you up something for that,\" Providence assured. \"You can remove magic with magic. Show me where the circles appeared.\" She pulled out a paper map of the world and spread it on her desk, offering Jojo a red marker. Jojo thought for a minute, then began marking. Rome, Berlin, Prague, Sydney… Providence assessed the map as the number of dots grew. \"You'll have to get rid of at least half of each circle. It might be enough to erase three-fourths of all the circles, or you might have to get them all.\" \"Let's try getting them all,\" Sock decided. \"To be safe.\" Lil and Jojo nodded in agreement. \"It'll be faster if we split up,\" Lil said, drawing and invisible line down the map. \"Sock and Jonathan, er, Mephistopheles, I mean, can go east. Jojo and I can go west.\" \"How are we going to pay for this? Our manager is already suspicious about what we've been up to.\" Sock was surprised they hadn't got a call about it yet. \"Well he can suck it up,\" said Jojo. \"Just charge it to your credit card, we can deal with the fallout later. Better to ask forgiveness than permission. We need Jonathan back.\" Her voice darkened. \"I'll do anything to have him back.\" Sock had to agree. \"Alright,\" he said. \"Everybody pack up. We've got circles to destroy.\" Sock served ten years, five for each victim. According to Benny, it could have been much worse, something like fifty years to life. But he plead guilty to third-degree murder, involuntary manslaughter, since they managed to convince the court that the case was more complicated than his history of homicidal behavior. Thanks to Benny studying up on a similar case in Canada, playing up his willingness to cooperate and his apparent youth (he celebrated his birthday in county jail and was sixteen at the time of sentencing), Sock got the long end of the stick. Ten years still seemed like an eternity. Prison wasn't easy. Socially, it was hell for a sixteen year old with mental issues. For twenty-two hours of the day he was confined to solitary, as \"protection\" against the adult inmates. He wasn't sure if the isolation served him better than whatever the adults might have done. When he was released, he didn't even bother with a GED. Doors slammed in his face, literally and figuratively. Extended family, jobs, housing, even bank accounts. Everything was taken from him. It was hard for him to think of his freedom as a clean slate, like his prison therapist always claimed it would be, when the word \"felon\" was practically tattooed to his face. There had been a lot of time to think in prison, and a lot of appointments with a court-ordered therapist. None of it helped him. He didn't feel right about killing his parents. Nothing about the situation was right, of course. A son killing his mother and father was messed up. In his sleep, unconsciously? Double messed up. His therapist had suggested that maybe, subconsciously, he'd fostered a kernel of hatred for them that was suppressed for so long it exploded. Sock didn't agree. It wasn't anything personal like that. His parents were perfect saints and he never had a beef with them. They were a close, loving family. Sock felt wrong about this one thing: he was obsessed with death, and he loved it more than he loved his parents. More than he loved anyone or anything. It was the conclusion he came to after the hours of isolation in his cell and brain picking with the therapist. It was all he could think of to explain killing his parents, and the immediate urge he'd resisted that night to kill himself next. All the dead animals before that. He started off writing phrases. Quick things that popped into his head, little fragments of ideas and short paragraphs of imaginary song. The phrases became poetry when he joined the prison literary group. It was dark, but not out of place. Full of anger and confusion and heartbreak. Pointed inwards, towards his heart, and outwards, towards the system. He kept writing up until his release. Then he stopped, tried to turn a new leaf, but when rejected at every turn, he came back to the phrases. This time, exposed again to the rhythm of the real world, he hummed as he wrote. \"What's that?\" Jonathan pointed to a worn notebook sticking out of Sock's bag where it sat on the bar. He was closing up at two in the morning. Jonathan, who had spontaneously quit his job and spent the last couple nights drinking his stress away, had volunteered to keep him company. \"I write,\" Sock offered. \"Poetry. You… you want to see?\" \"Sure.\" Jonathan held out a hand. Sock passed him the notebook and opened to a newer page. It was one he had written a month ago and starred, because he liked it so much. If he could write music, he'd score it. As it stood, he could only do so much with just his guitar. \"This is good,\" Jonathan remarked, brow furrowed as he read. \"This reads like a song.\" Pleased he could communicate his desires so well, Sock grinned. \"Yeah, I like to think of some of them as songs. But I can't write music.\" \"You don't have to write music to make it. Did you have a tune for it? Show me.\" Sock coughed nervously, but couldn't wipe the grin off his face. He hummed the first verse. Jonathan asked him to repeat, then he hummed it back. Before Sock could get embarrassed, he softly sang the first verse to the tune Sock had hummed. Breath caught in his throat. Sock couldn't hear anything, not even Jonathan singing. Sock's words, his tune, the equivalent of his soul was on Jonathan's tongue. All his deepest regrets about his actions, all his pains and fears in prison. Everything he'd resolved not to tell Jonathan, or for that matter, the world. It was now vocal in this bar. He crashed back into reality when Jonathan began singing the second verse in a different tune. He was making it up as he went along. Goosebumps crawled up Sock's arms and neck. Jonathan's voice was soft, alcohol rough, laden with gravitas, like each word was sacred. It was intimate. He felt exposed, like Jonathan's lips brushed his ear, repeating all his secrets back at him. Jonathan trailed off and finally looked up from the notebook. If he noticed Sock's state of panic, he didn't say anything. Instead he smiled. \"I'd love to make more of these into songs, if you'd let me.\" \"Of course,\" Sock breathed, ready to agree to anything that voice would ask for. In some ways, it was easy to tell them apart—Jonathan and Mephistopheles. Even though they shared a body. Jonathan slouched and sported a perpetual neutral stare, where Mephistopheles stood ramrod straight, always with a smirk on Jonathan's mouth. A disaffected teenager versus an enthusiastic salesperson. It was just a matter of paying attention. Sometimes Sock didn't pay attention, he slipped up and treated Mephistopheles like Jonathan. Which he supposed wasn't entirely unwarranted. Jonathan was still in there, somewhere. He would get through to him. Sock wrapped up the story about the time Jonathan had clocked him for giving him a prank winning lottery ticket for his birthday, smiling. \"Why are you telling me this?\" Mephistopheles furrowed Jonathan's brow. The smile melted off Sock's face. \"I guess I thought Jonathan would remember how funny it was.\" \"Jonathan's not here, kiddo.\" Sock bristled. \"I know. I forgot for a second.\" Mephistopheles raised a placating hand. \"It happens. For what it's worth, I think anyone punching you would be hilarious.\" \"Ha ha,\" Sock deadpanned. Sock hung around Mephistopheles because he didn't know what else to do. He couldn't let the demon walk around in Jonathan's body unsupervised. Maybe it was selfish, but he also stuck closer than he normally would. Mephistopheles said Jonathan wasn't aware, he wouldn't remember anything Sock did or said. He could be a little more possessive and pin it on the fact that his friend was possessed, for god's sake. Jonathan would never know. He was beginning to have his doubts that hanging out with a demon was good for his mental health. \"What do you want, Sock? Mom and dad back? No more homicidal urges? Jonathan? Or what about: the homicidal urges stay, but if you were to act on them, there'd be no retaliation from the legal system?\" \"God, no.\" Sock slapped the wet cloth bundled in his hand to the ground. He was washing the circle from the cement with some enchanted holy water Providence had mixed up. Personally he thought it sounded like some grade-A nonsense, even if it was the only thing that had begun to dissolve the paint, but he wanted Jonathan back, so he was willing to give some nonsense a shot. \"Why do you think I'd want that at all?\" \"That sounds like a good deal, even to me. Definitely something that would be simple enough to arrange.\" \"Yeah, in exchange for my soul, though. No thanks.\" \"Oh,\" Mephistopheles said. \"It doesn't have to be your soul. Just something important, as important to you as your soul.\" Sock scoffed. \"Yeah, like what? What's the equivalent of a human soul?\" Mephistopheles tapped Jonathan's chin in faux thought. \"Well let's see. For Jonathan, here, that would be his voice.\" \"What is this, The Little Mermaid ? Are you going to break into a musical number?\" \"In my younger days, maybe I would have.\" Sock wasn't sure if he was being serious and decided to put that aside. \"Yeah, well, I don't have anything that's as important to me as Jonathan's voice is to him.\" \"Don't be so sure! I know for a fact you do.\" \"Well, share with the class, then. What is it?\" Mephistopheles smiled, a twist of the mouth that teased the physical bounds of Jonathan's face. \"You've got to figure it out yourself. Telling would be cheating.\" \"According to who?\" \"Me.\" He was just being difficult for the hell of it. Fine. Two could play at that game. Sock went back to scrubbing the circle. \"Well, you'll never know, because I'm never going to sell it to you.\" Mephistopheles's smile stayed as he propped Jonathan's face on his hand. \"That's what they all say.\" A week went by in a cycle. Plane, hotel, hunting for a circle, scrubbing the floor clean. Plane, hotel, hunting, scrubbing. Plane, hotel, hunting, scrubbing… Valhalla Soundbox had made dozens of stops on its world tour. Sock began to think there was no way he could get to even half the circles in time. It didn't help that Mephistopheles wouldn't shut up. If he weren't in his best friend's body, Sock would have clocked him long ago. The final show crept closer, reminding him that the anniversary of his release was within reach. He always spent that day doing what he did best, playing with the band, reminding himself that despite it all, he made it. Successful, surrounded by friends, loving what he did. No longer in solitary, no longer fighting homicidal urges. He was really living. He couldn't spend the anniversary on his hands and knees, hanging out with a demon in Jonathan's skin. He might go crazy. Sock scrubbed until his hands were raw. One day until the finale. Mephistopheles sat on the ground, far enough to be comfortably out of range of any splashing holy water. He inched forward, sticking out a hopeful hand. \"You'll be out here forever, hunting down invisible circles, scrubbing like a maid. Your final show is coming up. If you want Jonathan back, you know what you need to do.\" \"I'm not selling my soul.\" \"Fine then, don't sell me your soul. Give me something better.\" Sock bit his lip. \"I don't have anything better.\" \"No use lying to me, Sock.\" Sock took the hand. ","Summary":" The first time it happened was in Prague. Valhalla Soundbox was about to perform another sold out s"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Attempt at Fanfic","Author":"Molly-Chan the AnimeGame Fan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13027084","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: It's been so long since I've made any fanfic...I hope you enjoy and I hope you also enjoy all the other (better) works of the W2H Big Bang. Disclaimer: Of course I don't own the W2H characters...I do own the other two that pop up though. Attempt at Fanfic With a groan and a stifled yawn, Jojo was the first to roll awake that morning. The huge bed that kept the four of them held only three that dawn break. Last night was a busy night, helping Lil fight the vagrant demons of the night was a pain and Jojo's muscles screamed in soreness. It didn't help that immediately when they made it back from the battles, they had to calm Lil and her powers down, and that involved plenty of exercise on its own. Jojo rolled and hit one of the bed mates and she smiled as Jonathan laid still near her arm, passed out. He was the one Lil focused on particularly last night so he would likely stay passed out hard. A small smile spread into a sinister smile, scooting right next to the man and gave him a tiny kiss to his forehead. \"That's not fair.\" Another bedmate spoke, his face pried up with his hand and his elbow awkwardly positioned against one of the sillier of the pillows on the bed. Jojo stuck her tongue out aggressively, inwardly wanting to just punch the other man. He was simply Sock and he was the only one Jojo still could not completely fall in love with. Granted, one could never blame one for not falling in love with someone who tended to make them completely miserable. Sock scrambled and wrapped his arms around Jonathan, being the small big spoon for the blonde man. Damn it, he looked cute being so happy. Jonathan truly was tired as the two started to wrestle over who cuddled with who and didn't make a sound. The two rustled around the body, a mash of dark autumn and a bright snow moved around the bed, tiny little giggles erupting from light shoves. Eventually Sock added the pillow he had earlier been laying on, and at the serious motion of an attack Jojo pushed the boy off the bed. With a fair amount of giggling, Sock yelped out an, \"Ow!\" Jojo bent down, laying her full weight down upon Jonathan the Unmmovable and taunted the fallen man, \"You add weapons to war, you'll get dirty tactics.\" \"Yeah?\" Sock crawled to the edge of the bed where Jojo's face lay, his face pursed at hers. \"Yeah.\" He grabbed her face and gave her a kiss. Her response was to wiggle madly and start to lightly tap his shoulder. The two screamed as they were separated by long black limbs, wrapping around their waist and lifting them up in the air. \"It is way too early for this lovey-dovey junk.\" Black tentacles connected from Lil's back, she stood with arms folded and tired rings below her eyes. \"Sorry.\" Sock threw his hands up, a huge grin spreading across his face that told the obvious. He was in no way sorry. He made a short noise as Lil's dark limb guided him back to the bed and threw him roughly on it. \"I'll bite you.\" Lil sauntered to the bed, then bent over to the demon, lightly tapping his face. \"Maybe you should.\" Sock teased, his hands grabbing the dark-haired girl's arm. Jojo remarked a loud exaggerated sigh, her arms stretching to take Lil's other arm. \"What? You jealous?\" Lil's most apparent eye glanced over at the angel. \"Never. I'm much more important than that idiot.\" A pout appeared despite her confident remark. Lil gave her a short kiss, then bent down and gave Sock one as well. Heated glances spread to the trio until, \"Go back to sleep.\" Jonathan's voice finally sounded out, his face semi-buried into a pillow. It was the kind of voice that was miserable and like a record scratching. Jojo shrieked a little as Lil's extra limbs slunked back into her back and Lil joined the bed, cuddling next to the multi-hair colored male. Not so shockingly, Lil passed out after getting comfortably squished against the man. Seeing the two, the other two imitated the action, Jojo against Lil and Sock against Jonathan and drifted off, all mashed together. (Story Break) A pale hand shot into the air, lazily and despite it just being a hand in the air, one could easily read the tension of annoyance radiating from it. Connected to that hand was a man, his hair mostly brown before turning black. He wore a black sweater, and his most notable detail were three pair of wings extending from his back, and one pair in his hair and they were dark rimmed colored like blood but white feathered. He sat at a desk and stared harshly at the god in front of him. Seated on a puffy cloud sat the glorious creator of this specific universe was Providence. Her shifting dark hair of universe tilted as she rose her head to stare at the pale hand. She mockingly wore a librarian's pair of glasses. \"Yes Luci?\" Her tone taunted a little giggle. The stranger bluntly stared at her with misery laced across his features. Luci, or rather Lucifer, was a 'visitor' from another universe. His creator and this universe's creator were friends and they often did little things like today's current torture just for fun. Lucifer and Mephistopheles were forcibly transferred to each other's world to be...baby sat? Teased? Lucifer had no idea why he was there, and he had a feeling Mephistopheles was just as lost and miserable as he. \"What is the point of this?\" \"Well,\" Providence shifted, her ebony skin blinded Lucifer for a moment as a sun drifted in her hair and bounced off like a glare, \"When writing a story, you want to make the reader feel good before everything goes terribly wrong.\" \"Really.\" Lucifer blankly replied. \"Really.\" Providence stuck her nose in the air, proud of her exciting fanfic. She'd beat the creators of the other universes this time for sure! With a little hope of perhaps getting to stop reading this infuriating madness Lucifer opened his mouth, \"Well it's a horrible beginning. I don't know who any of these people asides they're in a polyamorous relationship with each other, and they fight demons? But there is a demon on the bed with them?\" Providence listened to his tirade, her lips starting to purse to the side as he continued his criticism. She zipped his mouth with her divine powers after his last sentence of the fluff being boring. How dare he! These were real people that had gone through their own little hells in life! So what if she wanted to write fluff for them? \"Well...you have some points.\" Providence squirmed a little uncomfortably at saying that, but felt a little better as Lucifer worked at his mouth in an attempt to fix the problem. Good luck with that. \"Well, since you are here. I suppose I could just write it in time, and you'll just simply give me feedback as I do.\" Lucifer's eyes widened before his entire being sunk miserably to the desk he sat at, seeing that he had truly just made it that much worse for it. (Story Break) Jonathan Combs bit into his sandwich then spat it out. Inwardly he cursed then looked through his lunch bag, seeing the little message from the most mischievous of the relationship he was in. Jonathan felt rage tease the edges of his mind and the unbidden frustration of tears started to start at the end of his eyes when he found another note in the bag. He opened the hidden compartment in the lunch bag and relief exited his mouth as he pulled out another sandwich. This time with proper ingredients like lettuce, tomato, and ham. Definitely not tomato paste, dill pickles, and a chocolate bar. His job was annoying enough that the fake sandwich would have been enough to tempt one to pick up a gun and shoot everyone in the building. Normally his apathy would have easily overridden these thoughts but he did just get off a call with a very annoying old lady who refused to listen to his instructions. He really shouldn't have gone into customer service, but it was the first job that hired him after high school with decent pay. He glanced at the note written by Lil, being reminded of why he had to take this stupid job immediately. Jonathan sighed and took another bite out of his sandwich cheerfully, the stress of the terrible lady escaping from his mind. For many people, they would say it was ridiculous that a sandwich could cure all of his woes, but it worked for him so he didn't care. He couldn't wait to get home, normal life dragged and was constantly aggravating...not helped by the fact of who just drifted into the building passing through a wall. This man was a demon, and as a demon, he was invisible to most and very similar to a ghost in a lot of aspects. One might even say ghost were actually demons all along, but with the rules of existence set as it was, no one could really tell you if this was on purpose or someone made up the name 'ghost' as a less scary alternative. \"Heeeey Joooon!\" The partner who put the fake sandwich in his lunch bag sat across him, a huge grin spread across his face. He had tanned skin, and brown hair. His eyes were a pretty bright green, and he wore weird, uncoordinated clothes. If he wasn't used to it, the weirdest thing would be the constant skirt and striped legs of clothe. \"Enjoying your sandwich?\" he asked mischievously. Fully aware Sock was invisible to everyone else Jonathan just stared over his food. \"You wanta do anything?\" He asked, his eyebrows waggling with temptation and Jonathan felt red spread on his cheeks. \"I'm at work.\" He whispered. \"I'm not hearing a noooo~\" He teased. The dark-haired man rolled part of his hair with a finger, and he stuck out his tongue, licking his lips as slowly as possible. \"Sock quit.\" He shifted his legs, \"Don't you have anyone else to bother today?\" Sock shrugged. Ever since they were actively dating, Sock's...job as a demon had been changed from making Jonathan kill himself to...something else. Jonathan was never given the full details, but Sock was busy a fair amount of time. \"I actually finished a little early today.\" Sock announced happily. Jonathan jumped as Sock started to play with Jonathan's shoe. \"Seriously stop.\" Jonathan said not so seriously. The boyfriend's lips spread in jest. \"I'm still a little sore at you though.\" Jonathan took another bite into his sandwich. \"Well it can't be that bad if you're eating it.\" Sock presumed the correct reason why he'd be angry. It wasn't a very hard guess after all. Sock's foot rose to touch Jonathan's leg, he must have gotten quite a bit of energy from his job today if he could continuously touch him like this. As a demon, Sock couldn't normally interact with the mortal plane. \"I'm not. Lil made me a different sandwich.\" \"Ah man, she's no fun.\" The dark-haired man stopped playing footsies with Jonathan and lent against the table, propping his chin on his hands. \"Did she at least put a little ghost pepper in it?\" \"Shut up.\" Jonathan kicked through Sock's leg, hitting the chair instead and pushing it away. Sock stayed sitting, unaffected by the slight disappearance of the bottom of the chair. \"Soooo?\" The brunet asked and Jonathan stared blankly as the man across him stuck his tongue out, trying to entice him for a kiss. \"Yeah okay.\" (Story Break) Lucifer's pale hand shot into the air again, it waved fanatically in the air with the urgency of someone needing to go to the bathroom. Which was silly, Lucifer couldn't go to the bathroom even if he wanted to, he didn't have the necessary parts for such a thing. Providence shot him an irritated stare then bluntly remarked, \"What?\" He glared, pointing at where his mouth should be, still a blank slate of flesh canvas. Rolling her eyes, she made a zipper on that blank slate and unzipped. \"Can I just ask why you're writing this? Don't you have anything better to do?\" Hm. \"Honey I don't know how your god does it, but I have it all set up so I can just ignore it...Though I should probably feed it. I'll be right back.\" Providence jumped off the fluffy cloud and rushed off to a giant aquarium where the Earth laid floating in it. She waved her hands and a giant canister appeared and magically she tilted it to sprinkle what looked like fish food down on the Earth. She sighed, \"There.\" She came back with confidence and sat back on her puffy cloud. \"Can I ask another question?\" She adjusted her librarian glasses and brushed her hair with her hand, causing some stars to explode, \"Does this story really need a demon? Couldn't it just be...I don't know, a cafe story?\" Providence frowned at him and Lucifer held his hands up, panic apparent in his eyes, \"I'm just saying that having demons in a love story seems to make things more complicated, and you already have it complicated enough with a foursome.\" \"Now where were we?\" She promptly ignored him and drew out her quill and started writing and speaking at the same time. Lucifer hid his face in his hands with a depressed sigh filtering through his fingers. A shriek sounded throughout the night, the perfect background music for the graveyard they fought in. \"TAKE THIS!\" Jojo threw her weight down with her oversized hammer. Blood exploded as it connected to the skull of a skeleton looking demon. His soul was decayed enough to look that way, but as a demon, he still had blood. A skeletal hand reached in agony towards her as a black tentacle pierced him, his bones started to shrink and shrivel like flesh. The disgusting sound of sucking echoed in the vicinity, until the bones were dust. Jojo smirked triumphantly. Standing like a warrior on the cover of a fantasy novel, her girlfriend was across her, two more decayed looking demons pierced on two of her other black tentacles. They came from her back like demented angel wings while sucking the corpses of the demons. Jojo's smirk flew away as she noticed Lil's eyes becoming black, her purple hair bangs were dipping into the same black. Jojo immediately reacted, running to her and gripping Lil's face. \"Shhh, shhh-\" she repeated over and over again, trying to calm the darkness inside the other woman. Lil's eyes constantly shifted between that taunting darkness and her normal color. Lil sucked her breath in and out, raggedy like a monster but before she could completely catch her breath, two more skeletal demons leaped at the two. Lil's instinct won, as two venomous tentacles burst from her back, swirling around the two, melting the bone like acid. Their shrieks did little to calm Lil, and her eyes tainted black once again in Jojo's hands. The blonde flinched as her girlfriend grasped her shoulders, the black spreading outside her eyes, slowly encompassing her face. \"Damn it!\" She cursed and separated her hands from Lil's face, a black substance trying to follow her fingers. With a fierce grimace, she slammed both of her hands on the other woman's cheeks, a shockwave of radiant energy ran through the graveyard. The demons who had persisted screeched in pain and threw themselves back into the ground, retreating back to Hell. Jojo disliked using the wave because she preferred to just destroy the damn things. The positive effect of the wave stood in front of her, slightly dazed. Jojo's stinging palms curled around Lil's face, whispering the 'shh's again. Lil ended up shaking her face and put her hands gently on the shorter blonde's hands. \"Thanks Jojo.\" She gave her a tiny kiss, \"It was pretty bad this time, wasn't it?\" \"Could have been worse.\" Jojo omitted how much worse it would have to be to be worse. Lil gave her a small smile. \"Thanks for coming with me every time.\" Jojo snorted, letting her girlfriend's face go, \"You mean 'thanks for saving my ass every time'.\" She folded her arms triumphantly. \"As if I'll ever admit that.\" Lil wrapped her arms around the shorter woman's torso, a sinister grin spreading across her face. \"Wait, what are you doing?\" Jojo's question was answered real quickly with a shriek as Lil lifted her up, carrying her on her shoulder like a sack of potatoes. \"Put me down!\" Jojo panicked and Lil snickered. The blonde wasn't adorable that often, but yelling with panic and lightly hitting her with protest was just that. \"Please don't carry me the whole way like this!\" \"You prefer princess style?\" Jojo stopped flaying and Lil laughed as her the blonde's full weight dragged on her shoulder. \"That bastard would never let me forget it.\" She muttered pitifully. Lil giggled to herself, imagining Sock just busting a gut (literally) from the sight. \"Well I guess I'll let you down...if you'll do me a favor.\" Jojo rolled her eyes and pinched the girl's butt. Lil jumped with a tiny squeak, gripping Jojo's torso harsher in response. \"Not like that!\" She scoffed out, her face lighting up despite herself. Jojo chuckled, \"So what's the favor?\" \"You're not going to like it.\" \"Just tell me.\" \"Go grocery shopping with Sock?\" Jojo groaned loudly. \"Whhhhhyyyyyyyyyy-\" Jojo just continued crying in complaint. \"So you forgot.\" Lil's voice quieted, full of sadness abruptly. The blonde blinked, her head tilted in thought when it hit her like a pro boxer to the gut. Crap. \"Yeah I did.\" Jojo admitted, and sighed in both guilt and relief when Lil put her back on solid ground. She traveled far enough that they were in paved walkways. \"Sorry. Yeah, I'll go out with that asshole.\" Jojo grumbled as Lil gave her a sorrowful smile, then kissed her. \"Love you.\" \"Love you too.\" (Story Break) The hand shot in the air once again, tiredly. \"Yes?\" Providence asked, her lips pursed intellectually. \"How long do you plan on making this story?\" The black woman's lips twitched in thought, her eyes rolled up considering. \"Not very long.\" She finally answered after many moments of hm-hawing. Lucifer bit his lips, chewing the skin lightly. With hesitation he asked, \"Is there a reason for all this setup then?\" She tilted her head to the question. With the confused look appearing upon the god's face he continued, \"If it's just a short story, then you don't really need to make everything connect...nor do you really have to give minut details about the relationship connections.\" She was staring at him with an unpleasant expression, Lucifer's words started to rush out with the anxious thought of his mouth being zipped, \"I guess I'm just saying you could get to the point?\" Instead of his mouth being zipped, his entire head was popped up from his body. His head flouted in the air, panicked screams exiting the mouth. His head then went back and forth in the air quickly, his mouth shutting up in dizziness until it was finally thrown into the giant aquarium with Earth inside of it. \"And so-\" Providence started writing in her book again, ignoring the crying angel, drowning in the spacey waters. (Story Break) \"Lil's allergic to those.\" Jojo hissed and Sock rolled his eyes, and a sigh exited his mouth. Jojo glared down at the grocery list, staring intensely and Sock grinned a little. She had to do most of the work since she had a solid form. Jojo threw the bananas out of the cart and they landed with potatoes, and she continued forward, studying the list harshly. \"You know, I like spending time with you but it's not really fun if you keep avoiding talking to me.\" \"We're in public.\" Jojo shortly spoke, her voice slightly muffled. \"That's never stopped you before.\" Sock jumped in front of the cart, leaning against it, giving her a shot of huge green eyes. Jojo sighed, and stopped studying the list. \"Okay fine, what do you want to talk about?\" \"Nothing.\" Sock shot her a huge grin, which made the angel scoff and push through the demon to grab a box of strawberries. \"What are we shopping for anyway? Anything special on the menu? I might actually try to eat if it's cake.\" He asked, a smile propping itself on his face as she grabbed two boxes. \"Hm.\" Jojo grunted, looking back at the list. A cake wouldn't be an awful idea considering the day. Lil wouldn't want to eat it right away but if she could get even Jonathan to eat it, then the two would be able to bond over food. Food was such an important thing to the human life, it tasted terrible for Jojo as an angel but she could faintly remember a day where she smiled and laughed with Sock and ice cream smeared all over their faces. Sock let out a loud exaggerated sigh, seeing the angel in deep thought over something. \"Seriously Jo, you never ask me out unless it's to like 'spar',\" he raised his fingers over the word, knowing fully well that Jojo always intended to damage him permanently if possible any time they do fight physically, \"is something going on?\" \"It's really easy for us to forget, isn't it.\" Jojo numbly remarked, pushing the shopping cart forward, making her way to the baking aisle. Yeah, she'd get ingredients for a cake. Sock raced after her, \"Forget what?\" She grabbed white cake mix and chocolate icing, blatantly ignoring the demon, angry with him and herself. \"Come on Jo.\" Sock begged, phasing through the cart with a genuine look of frustration. \"What did I forget this time?\" Right. It wasn't entirely his fault like it was Jojo's. A demon could forget unpleasant things relatively easily, it made their job easier. \"Today's the day she killed them.\" Jojo's whisper was barely audible and even harder to hear amongst the brilliant lights and humans prowling the grounds for sales. Understandably in that chaos, he didn't hear her. \"What?\" \"Today's the anniversary-\" \"Our anniversary? CRAP!\" Sock jumped out from the cart, looking ready to rush off until the blonde's next words, \"Of Lil and Jon's parents deaths.\" She hissed, glaring at the demon with bitter feelings almost leaking from her eyes. It had been the only time she couldn't have been with Lil to prevent the dark power from taking over her. It was something Jojo always regretted. Sock tripped and ended up flipping comically to the end of the aisle, the crowd of humans all shivering as he phased through them quickly. He ended up phasing out of the building with the built up speed and Jojo patiently waited for him to make his way back. \"Are you serious!?\" He yelled as he jogged back, acting out of breath despite not needing oxygen. \"Yes.\" She simply stated and continued down the aisle, trying to find the next thing on the list. \"Well what the heck are we doing just shopping? Shouldn't we be making Jonathan and Lil busy?\" \"Lil asked me specifically to take you out. She doesn't want to be happy.\" She gritted her teeth, the conversation aiding in her building anger. Sock opened his mouth, as though to argue with her but then closed his mouth, glaring off to the side. \"Well she shouldn't want to be miserable.\" Jojo felt her body shiver with anger. She pushed the cart angrily into a food court area, making it harshly crash into one of podiums and taking a fierce seat in the awkward hard tables. Her foot tapped quickly, waiting for the dark-skinned demon to sit across her. At the abrupt situation, he nervously sat across her like she wanted. \"Sometimes Sock, people need to mourn. We constantly do what we can to make sure they're happy but...we're not human anymore. We don't feel the way they do about death and that's because of what we turned into.\" Jojo never regretted turning into an angel, it was empowering and she could destroy the things that urged her death. But the act of turning into an angel muted certain emotions and erased others. Death was no big deal because she knew the answers of what happened when you died. Jojo never needed to feel sad, she could just fuel her actions through her anger. Death also meant an entirely different thing for demons, it was part of their job, and even with humans if you do something as a job after a certain amount of times it just becomes part of the routine. \"I guess.\" Sock positioned himself a bit more comfortably, staring directly at the angel with as much attentiveness as he could. \"You can't tell me you haven't noticed the difference.\" He gave her a tilt of his head, \"Nevermind.\" She growled. \"No I'm not saying I haven't noticed.\" He answered anyway, \"But it's just not that different to me.\" He smiled earnestly at her, \"I've always wanted to kill you know?\" Right. Of course. Jojo's expression grew blank. \"While I'm doing my dream job, I would love to keep Jonathan and Lil happy. That day wasn't anyone's fault. Not even a demon like me spurred it, and that isn't great.\" Jojo's blank expression morphed slightly, listening to the man across her. She tried to not spend a lot of time alone with him, she didn't mind being with everyone else with him but alone always made her a bit more tense then she would have liked. \"When death is just an accident or pure chaos, it's not any fun for me.\" A look of irritation crossed the angels face. \"And because of how that day happened, it's useless to feel sad about it and just find ways for Lil and Jonathan to be happy. If Lil had done it one purpose then it would have been fun, but she didn't and she doesn't need to feel sad about it.\" Jojo stared harshly, thinking that she possibly understood what the demon meant. She didn't agree with it, but she rarely agreed with what the brunet said. \"So that's how you think about it.\" She bluntly stated, her gaze glaring down at the table. She felt the demon shift his legs and a genuine sigh exited the brunet. She continued to stare at the table awhile longer, the mindless chaotic noise of the many humans desperately trying to either enjoy themselves or get their material things echoed loudly in the store. Momentarily she wondered if that's just how demons saw things, but having fought many, she doubted it. It was a very Sock answer. Well the demon had killed himself because he killed his parents. One should expect him to think things up a bit stranger than most. \"Okay fine.\" Jojo stood up, placing her hands on her hips, \"Hey, what was that place that Jon liked?\" Sock looked at her with a blank expression. Jojo groaned, her hands raising up in exaggeration, \"I know he doesn't like that many places, use your brain idiot!\" Sock gave her a cheeky smile, just happy to see a spark of 'life'. \"Aw come on, do you really think I'll make it that easy for you?\" An expression that was far more dark and terrifying then a demon's face filtered on the blonde's face, Sock's grin just growing bigger. \"I'll kill you.\" \"Bring it!\" Unknown to the many mortals inside the store, an explosion took place with a cackle of a demon in glee echoing off the walls. (Story Break) Providence paused her story as a loud 'poof' sounded out in her heaven. She glanced at the poof and a massive grin encompassed her face at the two figures who appeared, \"God!\" \"Provi~!\" Messy haired, and a giant diamond sticking out from her forehead, the other god rushed to hug the other woman. The two immediately launched into a very loud and hard to follow conversation. Meanwhile the other figure who appeared migrated to the giant aquarium. Looking down at his painted nails in a bored motion, mockingly the man spoke to the head in the aquarium, \"Looks like my visit went better than yours.\" Lucifer just glared at the redhead. Mephistopheles just grinned at the sour face. \"Aw, I wouldn't tease Luci if I were you Mephi.\" Providence separated from the other god hearing the man's cockiness. She sauntered over to the man, placing her hand on his hip. At her touch, the tall redhead's face flushed in both embarrassment and excitement. Her tone was full of mirth and joy. Mephistopheles felt his core shake, his face felt like a tomato. \"I heard how naughty you were over there.\" She teased the tall man. He recoiled a little at that, but found that, not surprisingly, he couldn't move. \"Looks like you had fun with Luci,\" God remarked, flicking her finger and lifting his head out of the aquarium. \"I wonder what you did to deserve this.\" Lucifer paled at the sinister smile that spread across the woman's face. \"Well no matter.\" The woman flicked the fallen angel's head back on his body and gracefully walked to stare at the aquarium. She whistled as Lucifer screeched in the background, trying to force his head in the right position. \"It's always so clean when I come over.\" \"Always flattering me,\" Providence laughed, and Mephistopheles inwardly groaned as his body was forced to bend as she moved forward. \"No I'm serious, if I ever put my world in something like this it would just get set on fire faster than the Human Torch.\" \"Who?\" God shot Providence a blank expression, then put her hand over her mouth, a thoughtful confused daze spread in the woman's teal eyes. Mephistopheles snorted a little, even though he also didn't have an idea who the Human Torch was. Luckily the name was a good giveaway, obviously a human who was also a torch. \"Well anyway,\" Providence smiled, \"Did you already finish your fic?\" \"Hm, not quite. I was kind of hoping to hear some of yours.\" Blue eyes narrowed over to the other woman, a shooting star crossed through her hair. A frown crossed the dark woman's face but then she grinned, \"Why? Are you entirely out of ideas?\" She giggled. \"Hm, maybe.\" \"Girl.\" Providence remarked, an accent of exaggeration popping the word. \"Just be honest, you know I'm pretty good at writing.\" \"It's true.\" Mephistopheles decided to say something and Providence grinned, her eyes shining and hugging the ginger close to her body, bending the tall man again. If she continued he would eventually be bent into being an L. God shot a glance past the two in front of her to see Lucifer finally succeed in putting his head back right. With a mischievous smirk, the messy-haired woman popped his head back off again. \"Well I guess it's true you are pretty good at writing. So, do you mind telling me a little of what you're writing?\" \"Well I just got to a good part, I don't know if I want to spoil it right now...Maybe I can just start from the beginning and give you a little taste of it...I do need to edit it a little…\" \"NO!\" Lucifer shouted, not even attempting to put his head back on. \"I mean...you left off at such an important part. I really want to hear the rest of it.\" Lucifer begged, desperately just wanting this whole experience to end. Providence turned to the fallen angel with a pitying expression, \"You really started to like my story, didn't you?\" \"Yes. I totally did.\" Lucifer's tone was wooden, an obvious sign he didn't lie that often. She sniffed, fake tears built at the edge of her lashes. \"I'll gladly continue Luci!\" Mephistopheles yelped as Providence threw him on a couch of clouds and jumped back into her chair, now modded to look more like a throne. God simply sat down on the vast ground of whiteness, a cheery smile of eagerness crossed her face. \"Now let's see…\" (Story Break) \"Here.\" Lil put a plate down in front of Jonathan, the two sitting in the living room, watching some inane sitcom that Jonathan liked because it sounded nice while he did other things. Jonathan jumped a little, not expecting the free sandwich. With an eagerness that only showed with his favorite food, Jonathan gave a short 'thank you' and started to devour the treat. Lil sat on the other armchair and watched him. He ate his sandwiches at a strange pace and somehow managed to make sure there were never any crumbs anywhere. Sensing someone was watching him like an animal, Jonathan stopped and looked over to the dark-haired woman. \"What?\" \"Just wanted to look at you.\" She answered honestly. \"Well quit.\" His face scrunched up a little, a tiny blush crossing his cheeks. \"That just makes me to stare harder.\" \"How are you going to stare harder?\" \"Like this.\" She got up, leaned near him as he sunk inside his armchair, getting as close as possible. She widened her eyes as much as she could. \"Don't be such a weirdo.\" He laughed through his remark. \"Seriously, what's up?\" Lil's amused smile drifted off, and she looked away for a moment. \"Do you not remember what today is?\" He gave her a serious stare, his lips pursing slightly in thought. \"Come on-\" She looked desperate, waiting for the expression she expected. It had only been four years since that awful day, it was not nearly enough time for their deaths to be faded in the heart. Lil would still wake up in the middle of the night to mourn her father's death, there's no way Jonathan didn't resent her at least a little . \"Yeah, I remember.\" He spoke before she could chastise him. \"So what?\" His voice gone dull, there was no spark of the previous light happy tone. Lil had steeled herself for this, she admitted to herself that they needed to talk about first year, they were both mourning heavily for their losses still, the second year they were both working on just surviving the horrible necessities of adult life. Neither of them wanting to touch the money either of their parents left behind. The third year, Lil was too terrified to talk to Jonathan about it. She felt constant guilt and anxiety over it. She loved him and she knew that he loved her. But she wouldn't blame him if he was starting to hate her, even a little. If that hate was truly there, it needed to be rectified as soon as possible. Even if that fix was as awful as breaking up and moving far away from him and Sock. It was not what she wanted, but it was as far as she was willing to go for him. \"Don't you have anything you need to say to me?\" Jonathan rose an eyebrow, his neutral expression becoming thoughtful. \"What do you want me to say?\" Lil felt a little of her heart bustle with a bit of anger. \"That's not what I asked!\" Jonathan's eyes grew a little dull, his immediate response to loud voices. He didn't like getting yelled at and he didn't like arguing, it was just one of the pointless things people did and it was tiresome. Lil found herself slightly pacing the living room as she spoke again, her voice straining and her body singing an unwanted tension, \"Jon please tell me, isn't there anything you want to say to me about me killing your mom and dad? We never spoke about it, and I'm-I'm just scared that somebody it'll blow up on us and then everything will be gone before I know what to do about it.\" Tears could be heard in her voice versus actually pouring from her eyes. It was always hard for Lil to actually cry, so she had to find ways to show her unhappiness and frustration growing up. \"I don't want whatever bad feelings you might have over that explode and I don't want you to leave.\" Jonathan's eyes watched her go back and forth patiently, \"I...I know I'm not happy with how that incident happened.\" She waved her arms, black tentacles arising from her back, \"That was the only time I gave completely into this power of mine, and of course,\" she laughed, a depressing wretched sound, \"it was around our parents. I didn't-\" Jonathan finally got up from his armchair and wrapped his arms around the woman. Her tentacles wrapped around him in response and he sighed. \"Lil.\" She looked up into his eyes seriously. \"I get it. Yeah, that day sucked, but I never blamed you.\" \"Come on.\" Lil frowned at him. \"I'm serious. All this supernatural stuff you guys do, I know it's not your fault, it's just a job and unfortunately sometimes your job constantly tempts you to kill people.\" A tiny smile erupted on the man's face, \"I know all about that feeling.\" Lil giggled shortly, leaning on the man's shoulder, \"There's no bad feelings whatsoever?\" \"Well there's sadness, but otherwise no. I'm allowed to be sad, and so are you, right?\" \"Right.\" Lil's actual arms wrapped around the man, feeling warm. Jonathan didn't speak a lot, so the few words he did felt right and good. Lil and Jonathan yelped as they were tackled, \"I'M HOME!\" Sock proclaimed cheerfully on the toppled couple. \"Damn it Sock!\" Jojo screeched as she opened the door to the small apartment. In her hands was a huge paper bag with anger, \"You said you'd open the door for me!\" \"I lied~\" Sock winked at her. Jojo cursed and stepped over the couple on the floor and made her way to the small kitchen. Lil found herself laughing, getting up and pantomiming a pinch on Sock's cheek. \"That was a quick trip.\" \"We didn't get everything.\" Jonathan immediately got up to those words, pacing over to the paper bag with a panic. \"Relax.\" Jojo sternly remarked, grabbing the mayonnaise jar he had been missing for the last few sandwiches. Lil laughed a little harder, seeing how much more angry he would have been if they forgot the jar then with the murders. \"We came back early because the cake would melt.\" \"Melt?\" \"Ta-da!\" Sock proclaimed, waving his fingers and an ice cream cake appeared magically. Both Lil and Jonathan stared as though they never seen him do such a thing before, and with awe at the glorious sight of the delicious treat. \"What's the occasion?\" Jonathan asked, suddenly suspicious, narrowing his gaze on the dark-haired demon. \"Who cares?\" Sock grinned. \"I watched every moment it was being prepared.\" Jojo added and there was visible relief between the two humans. \"Okay then, I get a corner piece!\" \"Of course you do.\" The apartment soon became filled with a bit of laughter and joy and of course love. (Story Break) \"That's so sweet!\" God proclaimed, her eyes looking starry and cheerful. \"I know, right!? Isn't that ending just so perfect and cute?\" Lucifer did everything he could in his will to object all aspects of the story. Having had to sit there and listen to the entire thing, he was incredibly displeased with how unsatisfactory it was overall. There was no real climax, no real arch and while the characters could have a great possibility of being interesting, the story was both too short and too assuming on the reader to know what the hell was going on. It was complete crap, but he learned earlier not to bother bringing it up anyway. \"It is!\" Lucifer rolled his eyes away from God and turned to Mephistopheles who just shrugged on his place on the couch. \"Man how did you come up with them? Do you go more into them earlier in the story?\" \"I do!\" Again Lucifer's willpower had to power up to prevent his mouth from being a smart ass. \"But I have to admit honestly, I didn't completely come up with them on my own. I based them on people on my Gaea.\" \"Oh really?\" God asked, her eyebrows going up with curiosity. \"Yeah! Want to take a look at them?\" \"Sure!\" The two drifted to the giant aquarium. Lucifer took a seat next to Mephistopheles who once again shrugged to the madness of the gods in front of them. \"ACHOO!\" \"Angels get colds?\" Jonathan sarcastically asked, placing the blanket on the sand. Ugh, this was the worst thing ever. Why did Sock have to choose a beach for their mini-vacation? \"No, I'm just allergic to your cooties.\" Jojo snarkily remarked, putting up a huge parasail over the blanket Jonathan worked on. \"Oh he has plenty of those.\" Lil jumped on the man's back, him making a large oof as her weight helped him collapse on the thick wooly blanket. She was already dressed in her bikini, black with little skulls on the top half. \"We need to get patient cleaned, stat.\" \"Don't-\" Hearing Lil's plan, Jojo and Lil teamed up and grabbed Jonathan. \"Seriously, let go of meEEE!\" Then they prompted to throw him into the ocean. He came out, covered with some algae spitting angrily. \"Damn it!\" Despite it being very out of character for them, the two girls gave huge grins to the cursing blond in the water. As a response to the hatred, a small wave of water burst from behind Jonathan and tackled him into the water, a loud noise accompanied sounding very similar to the end of famous theme of a certain shark. Lil burst out laughing as Jonathan came back out of the water with more rage and Sock attached to his neck. \"Arrrgh!\" \"Looks like the cootie machine got eaten by a shark.\" Jojo smugly remarked, sitting down on the thick blanket under shade. \"You might get eaten by a shark if keep sounding like a smart-ass.\" Jonathan hissed, his hair covering his glaring eyes completely messing with the dark aura around his shoulders. \"Man I guess that means everyone here's going to get eaten.\" Sock responded, still hanging from Jonathan's neck. Jonathan started to move towards the beach his steps slow and full of annoyed tension. Sock laughed as his feet started to drag against the sand, being unwillingly dragged to the blanket. \"Don't you dare get your feet on this.\" Jojo spread her hands, building a body wall to keep Jonathan and Sock off. Jonathan growled a little in his throat but smirked when Sock forcefully phased through him and put sand all over the blanket. \"Damn it Sock!\" Jojo hit him on the head, the harshness of it actually made the demon flinch harshly in pain and regret. \"I have to go get another blanket now, God damn-\" Jojo started lecturing and grumpling, getting up and kicking the demon in anger. She wandered off, likely back to the car. \"It wouldn't be a problem if she just played in the water like we're going to do.\" \"Speak for yourself.\" \"Whaaaa?\" Sock looked up to the dual hair colored man, his eyes going wide and becoming glazed like a puppy. \"But it won't be any fun if I don't get to bite at least one of your legs!\" \"Dude.\" \"Ah leave that sour puss alone Sock. He can just become a bean burrito.\" The men glanced over at Lil, confusion apparent on their faces. Lil grabbed Jonathan's torso once again, and tackled him to the sandy blanket. He screamed, especially as Sock caught on to the purple-haired woman's plan, and picked up the blanket to start wrapping the man in it. Curses emitted sourly into the air as the two finished their diabolical scheme of making a human burrito. \"Look at him, there's no one in their right mind that would want to eat this burrito.\" \"I'd eat him.\" Jojo came back with a brand new blanket and an obnoxious cartoon character on it. She kicked the Jon Burrito, pushing him out of the comfortable shade of the parisal. \"On a dare that is.\" She gave him a full tooth grin before sitting down on the blanket. Her one piece finally fully revealed as she got comfortable and let her loose jacket down. Lil and Sock blinked in synchronization as she mysteriously whipped out a pair of sunglasses and a pillow, leaning against the pillow to...maybe watch the ocean? \"Well I dare you!\" Sock rose one of his hands, jumping on the Jon Burrito in the same instance. A miserable 'oof' exited the man. Jojo tilted her sunglasses down to glare at the two, then shot a glance to Lil. \"I dare you too!\" Lil jumped on Sock, another cry of misery exiting the burrito. \"Well...okay.\" She acted like that was all she needed to be persuaded. Unconsciously giggles and laughter exited through the four people. The ocean waves gave a perfect background music for their friendship. \"Oh my me, they're so cute.\" God cooed, watching through a magnification glass. Providence giggled, \"See. That's why I wanted to make a fanfic off of them. They're adorable. I mean I know they're friends but-\" Providence gestured towards the unknowing party, her words lost. \"I can see that. Well I hope your fic goes far this year.\" God stopped bending towards the glass and gave the other woman a huge grin. Her eyes narrowed as though she had something up her sleeve, \"It's pretty good after all.\" Providence gave her a sharp grin back, \"Of course, always better than yours.\" She chuckled, and the two started to laugh, tension starting to circle in the air when, \"Oh for Peter's sakes, this was over that dumb thing? Neither of you are going to win! You NEVER win!\" Mephistopheles immediately scrambled away from the dumb angel, yells of panic awkwardly exiting as both gods circled to the fallen angel, demonic dark looks plastered on their faces. Lucifer sighed with misery as the two gods ganged on him. Eventually God picked up the pile of ashes that had comprised of angel and waved to Providence, \"I'll see you then. This was fun! But seriously, I bet you'll get pretty far this year.\" \"Yeah, thanks! I'll see you then sweetie!\" God waved back, and disappeared in a blink. Providence took a loud breath of air and sat, a cloud throne appearing behind her. She giggled and held her fic in her hands, \"I can't wait! I did so good this year!\" Providence then put the fic away in a traveling cloud and saw Mephistopheles still awkwardly in a 'corner' making sure he had been far away from that mess. \"Come here Mephi.\" At her bidding, he straightened, then walked over, like it was no big thing. Providence inwardly giggled at that, it reminded her of those servants...what did Earthlings call them? Right, butlers. His hand was even up all proper like, holding his suit jacket. He stood in front of her, staring down like his faux heart wasn't racing like a Nascar car. \"What do you think? Is it better than last year?\" His expression immediately morphed, and a grimace appeared unwillingly on his face. \"Mephi.\" Her tone came off as stern, but her lips quivered. \"I think...it's better.\" She smiled brightly. \"But I personally know Sock so I might be biased?\" His voice came out higher pitched than normal and he jumped as Providence jumped from her throne, her arms wrapping around the lanky man. She squeezed and rubbed her face against his chest. Mephistopheles turned redder than his hair. \"Hm, I know, but thanks anyway.\" Awkwardly, Mephistopheles rose his hands and nervously wrapped his own arms around the creator's shoulders. She was so much shorter than him, but he always felt she was perfect in his arms. \"Um...so! Why did Lucifer say you won't win? I didn't hear the whole story, but it seemed...nice.\" \"Oh that. Well no one actually wins , you know a lot of us being infallible and that junk, buuuut, we do give ourselves places. I can proudly say,\" She separated from the man, pointing at herself with her thumb, \"I've been 120,402,231 place for the last two years, but this year I'm gonna make sure I move up by at least three ranks!\" Holy crap there were a lot of gods and a lot of universes huh. Mephistopheles didn't bother to ask where exactly that was on the ranks and instead gave her a sincere smile. \"I'm bet you will.\" Providence giggled. A pause happened and she gave the tall man a thoughtful gaze, before grabbing his hand. His face lite up again as she dragged him to the aquarium. \"You know, you don't have to head out so soon.\" A couch of clouds appeared, \"Stay with me for awhile, we can watch humans doing silly things.\" \"But then I'll be here forever.\" She giggled and he smiled. She guided him perfectly until he was laying on the couch and she was situated perfectly in front of him, snuggled comfortably with his arms wrapped around her waist. Her eyes glinted cheerfully as she watched Pangaea continue to revolve and exist. This was a point they truly disagreed on, but he let it go. At least 'today' he could stay and watch her while she enjoyed herself, with her in his arms. She was in a great mood after all. It wouldn't last for eternity, but it would luckily feel like it. \"I love you.\" She whispered and with as much courage as it took for anyone Mephistopheles responded, \"Yeah, I love you too.\" ","Summary":" AN: It's been so long since I've made any fanfic...I hope you enjoy and I hope you also enjoy all t"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Estrategias","Author":"Shiro Honda OwO9","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12828675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Advertencias: posible Oc. Welcome to hell no me pertenece sino a la maravillosa persona que lo creó. -Jonathaaaaaannnn.- escuchaba canturrear al otro alargando innecesariamente las últimas dos letras, se acomodó mejor los auriculares y subió el volumen de la música en un intento por dejar de escuchar al odioso de Sock pero fue en vano ya que, aunque fingiera no escucharlo, éste le seguía llamando. Sintió la presencia del otro detrás suyo, fingió serenidad como si no se hubiera percatado de ese detalle, sin embargo, al sentir los brazos del otro rodearle el torso no pudo evitar sobresaltarse de pronto. -¿Qué demonios quieres, Sock?- cuestionó irritado mientras se sostenía el puente de la nariz, no podía hacer tranquilo la tarea si el castaño le seguía molestando. -Creo que tú ya sabes que es lo que quiero.- susurró en su oído haciéndole estremecer al sentir su aliento contra su piel. Jonathan ya sabía que es lo que seguiría a continuación. El lóbulo de su oreja fue acariciado por la punta de la nariz del otro, creyendo que pronto le dejaría en paz regresó su vista a la tarea cuando, de la nada, la cálida y húmeda lengua de Sock jugó con su oído. -¿Qué demonios haces?- se cubrió el oído completamente abochornado, se giró pretendiendo alejarlo de un golpe pero el castaño le esquivó, sonrió malicioso para luego irse por donde vino. -Te dejo.- dijo mientras se iba, antes de llegar a la puerta se giró a verle.- Te veo más tarde. Completó aquella frase levantando ambas cejas y con un tono de voz que le dejo en claro que cumpliría aquello. Una vez se marchó el otro, Jonathan dejo caer completamente su peso en la silla, golpeó su cabeza en repetidas ocasiones contra el escritorio frente suyo. Aquella situación llevaba varias semanas, Sock desde hace tiempo había dejado de insistirle que se suicidara, al principio creyó ingenuamente que al fin se había dado por vencido porque no le vio por varios días. Pensó que su vida volvería a ser como antes y, aunque al principio se dijo a si mismo que extrañaría un poco al otro, pensaba que era tiempo que el enviado de Mephistopheles se buscara algo más productivo que hacer. Los primeros días fueron tranquilos como cuando el chico de gorro aún no se había metido en su vida pero después le parecieron en extremo aburridos sin su compañía. Por eso un día, cuando le vio de nuevo, pensó que volvería a intentar, en vano como siempre, que se suicidara pero pronto se dio cuenta que el chico de ojos verdes tenía otra cosa en mente. Si, había regresado pero no con el propósito con el que llegó inicialmente sino con otro completamente distinto. Sock seguía siendo molesto e hilarante con tendencias homicidas pero algo había cambiado en él y lamentablemente sabía que. Ahora le coqueteaba y le hacía claras insinuaciones sexuales que le ponían los nervios de punta porque cuando regresó del infierno ahora contaba con la habilidad de poder tocarlo. Siempre supo que ese chico estaba loco pero no creía que tanto y pudo comprobarlo cuando en unas de las primeras noches desde que volvió le ofreció proporcionarle calor ya que hacia frio. Al principio pensó que sería una broma de mal gusto pero pronto comprobó que hablaba enserio al verle quitarse la ropa e intentar quitarle la suya para según él \"calentarse mutuamente\", aprovechando para tocar descaradamente su pecho. Le daba escalofríos pensar las demás que le siguieron a esa, cada una era más atrevida que la anterior. El ser acosado sexualmente por un fantasma no era nada halagador ni divertido pero Sock demostraba estar disfrutándolo. Debía despejar su mente si no quería matarse por golpear repetidas veces el mueble con su frente. Con pesadez se levantó y se dirigió a la cocina para comer algo. De las repisas sacó pan y un frasco de mermelada y otro de mantequilla de maní, dejo los ingredientes sobre la mesa y comenzó a preparar un sándwich, luego se acercó al frigorífico y se sirvió leche en un vaso, al cerrar la puerta del refrigerador se encontró con Sock, quien le sonreía. -Hola de nuevo.- dijo asustándolo, el rubio casi deja caer su vaso del susto.- ¿Qué haces? -Nada.- respondió entre dientes. Tomó asiento disponiéndose a ignorar al otro y comer su sándwich, escuchó la silla de enfrente ser movida, cuando miró hacia adelante vio al otro chico sonriéndole como si esperara que hiciera algo interesante, lo cual debería saber nunca pasaría si se trata de Jonathan. El vivo le miró molesto. -¿Qué quieres ahora?- dijo lanzando su emparedado al plato, el castaño solo negó con la cabeza. -Nada, solo quería pasar un poco de tiempo contigo, como amigos, ya sabes. El otro lanzó una mirada desconfiada, suponía que mientras no intentara ni hiciera nada extraño estaría bien. Mordió su sándwich y comenzó a masticar, Sock miraba la cocina en busca de algo que hacer cuando de pronto sus ojos brillaron al dar con algo, se levantó de la silla y fue a por ello. El ojiazul ni siquiera se molestó en voltear a ver a donde se dirigía el otro, continuó comiendo intentando ignorar a su atormentador. Sock volvió a tomar asiento mientras pelaba una banana, Jonathan arqueó una ceja confuso ante eso. -¿Ahora eres capaz de comer?- cuestionó con una mezcla de curiosidad y de perplejidad, el demonio asintió. -Después de haber estado unos días en el infierno llegue a un trato con mi jefe con ciertas condiciones.- explicaba como si nada.- Ahora soy capaz de hacer más cosas. Jonathan asintió dando por terminado el tema y procedió a beber un poco de su leche. -Claro que si sabes a que me refiero.- agregó Sock antes de comenzar a mover la lengua sugestivamente sobre el largo de la banana a la vez que le dirigía una mirada incitadora. El restante en la habitación empezó a ahogarse con el líquido, escupió la leche y procedió a toser, cuando fue capaz de hablar le volteó a ver molesto. -¿P-Pero que…?- su pregunta quedó sin terminar al observar como el de cabello marrón lo miraba burlonamente antes de volver a realizar movimientos circulares en la punta de la fruta mientras hacía ruidos nada inocentes. La sangre subió a las mejillas de Jonathan, que avergonzado abandonó la habitación dando zancadas. Fue directo al baño y se encerró ahí mismo una vez entró, se apoyó en la puerta y se deslizó hasta quedar sentado en el suelo. Miró hacia sus pantalones y comprobó su temor. Maldito Sock. Lo más recomendable en ese momento era ducharse con agua fría… Salió del baño refunfuñando, su desnudez solo había sido cubierta con una toalla enrollada alrededor de su cadera y llevaba otra entre las manos para secarse el cabello. Sabía que andar así por su casa era peligroso si el castaño se encontraba cerca pero no lo hacía por gusto. Su plan había sido volver a vestirse con la misma ropa que estaba usando hace rato pero esta había desaparecido como por arte de magia lo cual sabía que no era posible, eso tenía el nombre de Sock escrito por todos lados. Llegó a su habitación, la cual para su alivio estaba vacía, entró y cerró la puerta tras de sí, disponiéndose a vestirse se llevó las manos a la toalla sin embargo no estaba solo. -Te estaba esperando Jonathan.- dijo Sock que se encontraba acostado de lado sobre la cama, el mencionado saltó hacia atrás a causa de la sorpresa y estuvo a punto de dejar caer la toalla pero la sostuvo a tiempo para evitarlo. -¿Por qué estás aquí?- preguntó molesto reacomodándose la toalla. -Tu sabes porque- dijo dando palmadas al colchón.-, ven aquí y hazme compañía. -Ni lo sueñes.- se dirigió al armario con la intención de vestirse ahí dentro lejos de las miradas que le lanzaba el otro. -Me emocionas al pasearte casi sin ropa por aquí y no quieres hacer nada.- hizo un puchero, Jonathan se giró molesto al escucharle. -Yo no estoy así por gusto, seguro que tú fuiste quien se llevó mi ropa del baño.- le acusó mientras le apuntaba con el dedo. Sock se encogió de hombros. -Lo admito, me escabullí con la intención de darte una mano pero decidí mejor gastarte una broma, lástima que no contaba con que habían toallas dentro, quería verte andar desnudo por aquí.- explicó de manera casual, el rubio se dio una palmada en la cara. -Solo déjame en paz.- murmuró contra sus manos con tono cansado, Sock se levantó de la cama. -Bien, bien, me voy pero antes- con rapidez se le acercó por la espalda y lo rodeo con sus brazos, consiguiendo sobresaltarlo. Jonathan tragó saliva nervioso cuando sintió las manos del demonio recorrerle el torso, sin vergüenza alguna, las palmas del castaño tocaban descaradamente su blanca piel sintiendo sus músculos tensarse al pasarlas por encima. -¿Te gusta?- cuestionó divertido, el otro se había quedado inmóvil sin ser capaz de hacer algo por apartarse. El ojiverde al ver que no hacía nada por quitárselo de encima continuó bajando las manos peligrosamente, recargó la barbilla en el hombro del vivo.- Creo que la respuesta es sí, así que te ayudare. Las manos del demonio se dirigieron hasta la toalla para luego colarse bajo ella, Jonathan fue capaz de reaccionar cuando las cálidas manos del otro le estremecieron al tocar su hombría. Se giró rápidamente y lo apartó de un empujón, respiraba con dificultad, Sock le veía desde el piso a donde cayó y parpadeaba repetidas veces sin entender la reacción del otro. Jonathan miraba al otro y después apartó la vista avergonzado, sentía su rostro arder por lo ocurrido. -Largo.- dijo. -¿Qué?- preguntó el castaño inclinando la cabeza. -Largo.- ordenó con voz firme el rubio, le dedicó una mirada bastante molesta al ojiverde, que hizo que se fuera sin oponerse. Al escuchar la puerta cerrarse y estar por fin solo se dejó caer en la cama y se llevó ambas manos al cabello el cual desordeno bastante enfadado. Estaba harto de todo eso, de que Sock siempre se le insinuara y le provocara, que lo hiciera sentir tonto cada vez que conseguía avergonzarlo por las reacciones naturales de su cuerpo ante eso. Su vida era más tranquila cuando solo intentaba animarlo a suicidarse pero ahora, ahora… Pateó molesta una almohada, debía de ponerle fin a esta situación de una vez por todas. Se vistió con prisa y salió de su alcoba, buscaba decidido con la mirada al castaño, no fue hasta que se dirigió a la sala de estar que lo encontró acostado en un sillón hablando aparentemente solo, sin embargo, cuando le vio entrar se sentó con rapidez y nerviosismo. -Hey, Jonathan.- le apuntó con los dedos en un gesto amistoso. -¿Hablando solo de nuevo? -Es-so solo e-era…- se interrumpió a si mismo al ser apretados sus hombros por las manos del vivo.- ¿Qué estás haciendo? -Lo mismo que tú me haces todos los días, es lo que querías, ¿no?- respondió para luego juntar su boca a la contraria, acción que había pillado al otro. Al principio sentía como Sock se negaba a mover los labios, aunque él no era experto besando le incitó a hacerlo al lamer su labio inferior, lo que hizo estremecer al demonio. Sus manos tomaron por la cintura al más bajo y se subió a horcajadas sobre el otro para no inclinarse demasiado e impedirle escapar. Sus dedos se colaron bajo la ropa del castaño haciéndole dar un respingo, acariciaba con rudeza su abdomen y espalda. Jonathan sintió que Sock le mordía el labio en respuesta pero en vez de hacerlo para conseguir una oportunidad para quitárselo de encima era para corresponderle el beso de forma hambrienta. Colaron sus lenguas a la boca del otro compartiendo un beso húmedo que hizo que el calor subiera segundo a segundo para ambos, Sock paso sus brazos por el cuello del rubio y le obligó a cambiar lugares, ahora era Jonathan quien estaba sentado en el sillón con el otro encima de sus piernas. Los jadeos que lanzaban de vez en cuando y el sonido de sus bocas al besarse era lo único que sonaba en aquella habitación. Jonathan sentía como a cada segundo le faltaba más el oxígeno pero se negaba a finalizar el contacto. Fue Sock quien terminó por separarse. Ambos estaban sonrojados pero el rubio era quien mas presentaba cansancio, respiraba dificultosamente, intentaba regular su respiración dando bocanadas de aire, su pecho se movía conforme intentaba lograrlo. El muchacho de ojos verdes sonreía ante la imagen del otro jadeando y perdiendo la compostura, verle ruborizado a causa suya era satisfactorio. Al bajar la mirada se encontró con algo realmente interesante. Sin temor lo tomó con la mano por encima de la ropa provocando que el chico debajo de él salte sorprendido. -Vaya, vaya, tal parece que alguien se ha animado un poco.- se burló, Jonathan frunció el ceño. -Cállate Sock.- ordenó. -Oblígame.- acercó su rostro al contrario en una clara provocación, en la cual, el rubio cayó. Le tomó el mentón obligándole a alzar un poco más la cabeza, se acercó lentamente al otro con el objetivo de juntar una vez más sus labios, su mano restante estaba a punto de tocar el redondo trasero del castaño pero en el último momento el de gorro detuvo su mano impidiéndole poder tocarlo y poso un dedo sobre la boca del rubio. -Esto y mucho más puedes conseguir en el infierno- se levantó y caminando graciosamente mientras meneaba las caderas se dirigió a la entrada de la habitación.-, tu sabes cómo llegar ahí.- completó la frase guiñándole un ojo antes de desaparecer de la vista del otro, quien suspiró enojado. De nueva cuenta el demonio le había dejado en ridículo al hacerle caer ante él, Jonathan miró hacia abajo y se llevó con frustración ambas manos a la cara, como odiaba a Sock por tentarlo. Maldito fuera por haber conseguido que cayera en su juego, y él mismo por permitirle ganar. Sock en verdad era un demonio. -¿Y bien? ¿Lo conseguiste?- cuestionó Mephistopheles. Sock negó con la cabeza. -Aun no pero ya logré que cayera ante mis encantos.- dijo orgulloso, sabía que Jonathan no se le resistiría por mucho tiempo. Porque todo ese tiempo que había estado coqueteando e insinuándosele al rubio era una estrategia nueva que se le ocurrió durante los días que estuvo en el infierno intentando crear un plan para conseguir su objetivo de animar al otro a ponerle fin a su vida. La idea le había llegado así sin más, y al contársela a Mephistopheles, éste estuvo de acuerdo con tal de que lo lograra, Sock tuvo que explicarle a detalle lo que planeaba hacer y su jefe solo asintió en silencio sonriendo, lo difícil fue cuando le tuvo que pedir que le permitiera ser capaz de tocar al otro y viceversa, argumentó que era sumamente necesario si quería que funcionara, basto con recibir un par de advertencias por parte del pelirrojo de que no se aprovechara de ello y matara a Jonathan ni a ninguna otra cosa, a regañadientes tuvo que aceptar. Su nueva táctica empezaba a funcionar justo como imaginó, no por nada la estrategia se llamaba \"calentar el horno y no hornear\", tarde o temprano Jonathan iba a ceder como todo adolescente enloquecido por las hormonas, consistía básicamente en lo que decía el nombre: coquetearía y se le ofrecería a Jonathan hasta que éste, obligado por las reacciones de su cuerpo, cediera ante él para luego detenerse y dejarle con ganas, aplicaría el plan un par de veces y se interrumpiría intencionalmente para desesperarlo a tal punto que al final sería el mismo Jonathan quien iría corriendo al infierno para concluir lo empezado e interrumpido. Era un plan infalible, tal y como comprobó aquel día, Jonathan no era de piedra y podía ser esclavo de sus impulsos carnales como cualquier otro ser humano, solo había sido cuestión de tiempo a que cayera en la trampa. Porque en parte conseguiría cumplir con su trabajo de hacer que se suicide y una vez llegara al infierno seria suyo como le pidió a Mephistopheles a cambio. Concluirían lo empezado en la tierra en el ardiente infierno, Sock estaba también deseoso por eso. Solo esperaba que Jonathan no tardara demasiado en ello, porque a él también le apretaban un poco sus pantalones. Hola a todos, soy relativamente nueva en el fandom y me uno con este fic de esta parejita, intenté hacer los personajes lo más parecido al corto, espero haberlo logrado. Lamento las incoherencias y errores de ortografía, me estoy muriendo de sueño xc Tengo planeado escribir otro fic de estos dos, así que nos leemos luego ;) ","Summary":" Advertencias: posible Oc. Welcome to hell no me pertenece sino a la maravillosa persona que lo creó"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Efecto Sirena","Author":"DimensionalSharkitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12310920","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Efecto sirena Nunca fue mi cuento favorito, me parecía absurdo que una sirena sacrificara su fantástica vida marina por intentar estar junto a un príncipe quien al final la despreció sin saber lo duro que había trabajado por él. \"Injusto\" Es lo que solía pensar mientras que mi madre terminaba la historia con aquella princesa convertida en espuma sin luchar en contra de ello. Injusto Ahora comienzo a pensar muy distinto en cuanto a aquella sirena, solo me hizo falta suicidarme, llegar al infierno y estar a cargo de que un adolescente antipático se suicidara para poder ver la verdad tras ese cuento. Ella acepto su destino para no sufrir más, si seguía viviendo se la pasaría pensando en aquel príncipe que se casó con otra mujer, sería algo que la perseguiría por el resto de su vida por eso, prefirió terminar con ella. Mordía mi labio inferior mientras que me apoyaba en un tronco de un árbol del parque, no lo necesitaba para darme soporte pero lo necesitaba. Solté un suspiró antes de sentarme en el piso flexionando mis rodillas abrazándolas con mis brazos, muchas cosas habían pasado en el último año desde que me volví un demonio aunque obviamente entre ellas no figuraba que aquel rubio teñido se suicidase. En realidad eran cosas peores para mí. No pasó mucho tiempo desde que nos conocimos para que yo comenzara a sentirme extraño en su compañía, era muy raro ya que mis mejillas se sentían acaloradas, mi corazón está muerto pero en ocasiones podía jurar que lo escuchaba palpitar, muy raro. Me sentía nervioso, mas torpe de lo común y con el tiempo…con el tiempo dejé de insistir con el tema del suicidio volviéndome como un amigo para Jonathan. Pero yo no quería ser su amigo. ¿Qué ironía existe en tener que morir para conocer a aquella persona quien crees que está destinada a ti? Yo diría que debes tener la peor suerte de todos los universos alternos sumado a que alguien en el cielo te odie, estoy seguro que en la última parte se trata de Jojo. Al final me enamore de ese rubio teñido, ese chico pálido asocial que si le importa lo que digan los demás a pesar de que intenta ocultarlo. Por un tiempo pensé en la suerte que tenía, aunque fuera un fantasma demoníaco, de que solo yo tenía el derecho de ver las sonrisas de Jonathan cuando decía algo gracioso o me pasaba algo que le hacía reír, como pasaba todo el día a su lado y por las noches me dejaba dormir en ocasiones en su cama. Pequeños gestos que enamorarían a cualquiera, sobre todo a un demonio inexperto en el amor. Nunca en mi vida mortal había sentido deseos de acercarme a alguien para tener un romance, asesinar era mas divertido pero ahora…las cosas habían cambiado. Todavía recuerdo la vez que Mephistopheles me hizo una visita preguntando sobre mi avance, era evidente que se había dado cuenta de mis acciones. Me dedicó una mirada de lástima antes de irse dándome una fecha límite para que Jonathan se suicidara o yo ardería. Me negué a hacerle aquello a Jonathan pensando que mínimamente tendría la oportunidad de pasar esos meses con él en algo más íntimo. Que equivocado estaba. Un día lo noté, las miradas que se echaban Jonathan y aquel estúpido jugador de futbol, Zack Melto, siempre creí que el deportista odiaba al rubio y era lo mismo por su parte. Cuan equivocado estaba. Los días pasaban y Jonathan comenzó a alejarse de mí, me pedía que fuera a casa antes o que le esperara en otro lado pero después de unas semanas dejó de esconderlo. Él y Zack comenzaron a salir. Me sentía herido y lleno de ira, ira que solo podía apaciguar cometiendo un asesinato, tenía que sentir como mi cuchillo se clavaba en un caliente pecho, justo encima de su bombeante corazón para destrozarlo creando una representación de mis sentimientos. Pero el no poder hacerlo me causaba un mayor odio que pronto se desbordaba de mis ojos, aquello me sorprendió, no sabía que conservaba suficiente humanidad para poder llorar pero aun así lo saqué todo mientras me escondía para no ser descubierto en tal situación. La bruja de la sirenita fue bondadosa, sabía que esa niña no podría sobrevivir con un corazón roto ¿qué mejor que terminara volviéndose espuma? Sentí una mano en mi cabeza obligándome a alzar la mirada con rapidez, esperaba encontrarme con unos ojos azules pero en lugar de eso fue un color anaranjado, Mephistopheles. Pasé una mano por mis ojos limpiando las lágrimas traicioneras que habían salido mientras recordaba. -Veo que no cumpliste tu trabajo.-La voz del demonio mayor se escuchaba algo preocupada, no hizo bromas ni nada de eso, simplemente me miraba con lástima. -No pude, lo siento.-Me disculpe mientras volteaba hacía atrás, Jonathan y Zack estaban en el parque algo alejados platicando. No me di cuenta cuando Mephistopheles volteó soltando un suspiro. -Sabes que no tengo alternativa Sock, reglas son reglas.-Dictamino el ser de barbas anaranjadas. -Lo sé, ¿qué pasará cuando me vaya?-Pregunte con curiosidad. -Jonathan te olvidara, ¿aún quieres hacerlo? Puedo darte una ultima oportunidad. Negué con la cabeza acercándome a Mephistopheles, no había necesidad de otra oportunidad porque no haría que Jonathan se suicidara, no quería que la persona que amo terminara con su vida. -Si eso quieres, ¿no vas a despedirte de él? -No, él no me recordara de todas maneras. Solo quedaría como una posible ilusión. :-:-:-:-:-: Jonathan Combs de 17 años se levantó durante la madrugada de un viernes, su cuerpo sudaba y su respiración estaba agitada. Se sentó en la cama pasando sus manos por su frente quitándose algunos mechones teñidos que se habían pegado por culpa del sudor. Nuevamente había tenido aquella pesadilla. -¿Por qué?-Murmuró para si mismo con miedo de cerrar los ojos y volver a la pesadilla. Desde hace meses que tenía el mismo sueño, no veía nada mas que fuego alrededor de su cuerpo pero sabía que no era el. No tenía fuerzas para salir de aquel fuego que quemaba su piel ocasionándole dolores indescriptibles, era como un castigo infernal...En ese sueño no había nada mas a su alrededor, solo oscuridad mientras que seguía quemándose pero cada vez que tenía su pesadilla sentía como aquel cuerpo se volvía mas débil. -Quizás deba dejar de ver tantas películas de terror, ¿no lo crees Sock?-Murmuró a la nada sorprendiéndose por sus propias palabras. ¿Sock? No conocía a nadie con ese nombre pero, pronunciarlo le causaba tanto dolor y amargura. Seguramente no debía ser algo importante. Los personajes no me pertenecen son de Erica Wester, espero y les gustara. ","Summary":" Efecto sirena Nunca fue mi cuento favorito, me parecía absurdo que una sirena sacrificara su fantás"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Sleep Hungry","Author":"pingnova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12582452","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jonathan's face scrunched up in displeasure. His feet tangled the sheets. He threw an arm over his eyes and rolled onto his side, curling into a tight ball. His eyelids twitched as his eyes moved rapidly under them. He was deep in a dream. Watching him shift restlessly almost exhausted Sock, who couldn't sleep and didn't need to. It was a wonder Jonathan got any rest with all the movement. On top of the dresser, Sock kicked his feet. There was nothing to do at night, when the only person who could interact with him was asleep, so he stationed himself in Jonathan's room in order to be there to antagonize him when he woke up. Two weeks into his new life as demonic pest, Sock ached. Not physically, because physically he felt nothing, not even the open stab wound in his abdomen. But that nothing was just what he felt. It was a gaping void usually filled with the fuzziness of restful sleep. He cracked a grin. Guess he was the restless dead now. He discovered he could doze, or at least zone out enough to not feel time pass. He had been out for a couple hours before he noticed. Jonathan said it was the best two hours of his life. There were no dreams when he dozed. It was just like he stopped existing for a while. For the past week he had watched Jonathan do sleep gymnastics on his bed. He began to anticipate when Jonathan was about to wake up, because he stopped shifting. Jonathan sighed and finally decided to sleep on his side. Cautiously, Sock approached. Jonathan's face was smooth in sleep, muscles relaxed, mouth slightly parted. It was a small blessing that he didn't snore. His chest rose and fell, calm and sedate. Sock ached. He was sleep hungry. Sock raised a hand, debating. Jonathan would wake up soon, but not soon enough to catch him. He touched the back of Jonathan's hand, feeling rough skin, hyperaware of the blood pulsing in his warm flesh. He wasn't sure why he could touch Jonathan while he was asleep. He figured Jonathan needed to make a conscious decision to touch him, but at least for the past few nights, Sock had been able to make contact while Jonathan slept. He moved to leave, satisfied that he had his dose of human touch for the day, when warmth closed over his hand. Sock froze. Jonathan had his hand in a vise grip. Stiffly, Sock turned around to apologize, but Jonathan's eyes were still closed and his face was still slack. He was grabby in his sleep, then. Sock tried tugging to no avail. He imagined his hand passing through Jonathan's like a ghost, but it didn't work. Jonathan controlled their touch, not Sock. Defeated, he sat in the air, pouting. Jonathan would wake up and Sock would have to explain why they were holding hands. He doubted Jonathan would be happy about it. Sock imagined each scenario. There was embarrassed Jonathan, who couldn't believe he had grabbed the demon's hand in his sleep. There was angry Jonathan, who couldn't believe Sock would touch him in his sleep. His thoughts were interrupted by the flash of a lake before his eyes. Sock blinked and was back in Jonathan's room. He blinked again and there was the lake, sunset reflecting off the little waves crashing onto the shore. The air was warm, the light soft, crickets chirping in the woods, which rustled with a slight breeze. There was a figure on the shore, short, with a tuft of brown hair on their head. They turned to face Sock. Sock shook his head and was back in Jonathan's room. Furrowing his brow, he tugged at Jonathan's hand again. This time it came free. He had intruded on something intensely private. The feeling of violation drove him a few wary steps away from the bed. The alarm clock went off and Jonathan's hand shot up to turn it off. He sat up, eyes groggy, and rubbed his face, taking in a tense demon just steps from his bed. Nothing was said, but no words were needed. For a moment, they both just stared, waiting. None of Sock's imagined scenarios went this way and he wasn't sure what to do. Sock broke the standoff with a grin and a, \"Good morning, sunshine.\" Jonathan grunted and slid out of bed. It was like nothing had happened. It was 2 AM. Jonathan was once more deeply asleep. Sock crept up to his bed and touched his hand, rough and warm and alive. Jonathan needed to use lotion, Sock thought, and then Jonathan grabbed his hand and he thought of a hot summer evening beside the lake where his mother took him to picnic. But that was wrong. Sock's family never picnicked, and why would they leave his dad out? A sense of peace and safety enveloped him. For a minute, he relaxed phantom muscles he didn't even know he was using. He sucked in a jagged, unnecessary breath when the scene disappeared again and he found his hand cold. Jonathan had dropped it because he was awake and assessing Sock with sharp eyes. \"Morning?\" Sock tried weakly, still a little freaked out. \"We were holding hands,\" Jonathan said. Underlying his tone was the question: why? Sock gestured to him with a pulling motion. \"You kind of, uh, grab people in your sleep?\" Jonathan didn't look like he believed him. Sock switched tacks, going for distraction. He had a suspicion he knew what was happening. \"You didn't happen to be dreaming about a lake, would you?\" Jonathan sluggishly rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. \"Yeah, actually. Any reason you know this?\" Sock grinned wolfishly. \"I can see into your dreams.\" At Jonathan's wide-eyed expression, he laughed, waving him off. \"I'm just kidding,\" Sock said, a lead weight forming in his stomach. \"Lucky guess.\" \"Sure,\" Jonathan muttered. \"Okay, yeah, just don't go holding my hand again.\" He glanced at the clock and yawned. \"Why are you awake at this time, anyway?\" \"I'm a demon, I don't need to sleep.\" \"Mm,\" Jonathan said, settling into bed. Within the minute, he was asleep. Sock felt vaguely offended that he had been brushed off, but mostly he felt a crushing desire to go back to the dream. Because that's what was happening. He was seeing Jonathan's dreams. Jonathan's warm, calm, happy dreams. Jonathan didn't know what he had. He wasn't a specter frozen in time, doomed to watch the world go on without him. He could rest, he could dream. When he became unconscious, he didn't stop existing. Ugly jealousy boiled in Sock's chest. He just wanted rest. He was starving for it. The clock beeped. 3 AM. \"You were holding my hand again,\" Jonathan accused, hair sleep mussed. \"So what if I was?\" Sock's voice was harsh, defensive, cornered. Why did he feel so bad about this? He was supposed to be tormenting Jonathan anyway. The hand Sock had held raised and he expected violence, he braced for it, but Jonathan just held it out to Sock, beckoning. \"You just have to ask,\" he said quietly. Sock took a step forward but clutched his own hand to his chest. \"I can see into your dreams when I touch you,\" he blurted. \"I can't dream. Yours are really peaceful.\" \"You don't sleep? You don't dream?\" Sock pursed his lips and shook his head. Jonathan shook his outstretched hand a bit, indicating that the offer still stood. Almost against his will, Sock took the hand. He sat with his back against Jonathan's bed as Jonathan laid down and went back to sleep. Jonathan's hand was limp now, so it really was Sock keeping up the hand holding this time. The flashes of Jonathan's tranquil dream were interspersed with Sock's jumbled thoughts. Somehow, Jonathan was okay with this. Sock felt like he should be having a physical reaction to this—tears or something. But nothing came. He wanted rest. Sun warmed his skin and Sock leaned into it. He closed his eyes, but this time he didn't stop existing. Sand squeezed between his toes as he stood on the shore of a quiet lake. It wasn't sleep, but it took the edge off. He didn't wake up hungry. ","Summary":" Jonathan's face scrunched up in displeasure. His feet tangled the sheets. He threw an arm over his "},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"You are beautiful","Author":"DimensionalSharkitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12310945","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You are beautiful ¿Cuántas veces había vivido ese momento? La rubia ya no se tomaba la molestia en siquiera contar, ver así a su humana le partía su, irónicamente, muerto corazón. Soltó un suspiro no muy alto mirando hacía la esquina de la habitación, ahí sentada abrazando sus piernas se encontraba Magill Nancy, la pelimorada desde que había vuelto de la escuela se había sentado allí dejando que sus lágrimas comenzaran a salir. No era la primera vez que eso pasaba, y el ángel tampoco tenía que preguntarle lo que había pasado ya que había presenciado la escena con sus propios ojos. Los acosos habían vuelto, cartas denigrantes y mensajes obscenos en el casillero de Lil, sus libros rayoneados con dibujos de penes y con aquellas palabras que calaban en el interior de la adolescente. Aquellas palabras hirientes acerca de su cuerpo. La rubia se acercó con lentitud dándole un suave abrazo por la espalda esperando con todo su ser que Lil pudiera sentir todo su apoyo y cariño de esa manera, era sabido por la pelimorada que ella no era una persona de palabras y estas solían trabarse en su boca terminando por decir algo alejado a lo que quería. Cerró los ojos pasando su mano por los cabellos de la humana como una manera de confortarla, aun recordaba la primera vez. Un grupo de animadoras se habían acercado a Lil en los vestidores tras la clase de gimnasia, la chica siempre se quedaba hasta al final para poder cambiarse en paz pero aparentemente ese día paz es lo que añoraría. Jojo estaba a su lado convenciéndola de darle un empujón a la capitana para poder irse de ahí pero justo en ese momento comenzaron…Se rieron de su piel, de su cuerpo, de su ropa, no hubo cosa que se olvidaran de humillar. Jojo rememoro aquella sensación que solamente un castaño psicópata había logrado hacer crecer en su interior Jojo sintió impotencia. ¿Por qué no podía ir y golpear a todas esas perras? ¿por qué no podía siquiera lanzarles un zapato rompiendo sus narices perfectamente operadas? Ser un ser incorpóreo era un verdadero asco, no solo por no poder golpear a esas zorras con uniforme sino que tampoco podía darle un verdadero abrazo a Lil. Tras aquel incidente no volvieron a hablar del tema, era como un silencioso acuerdo mutuo donde ninguna diría nada, Magill lloraría el resto del día mientras que Joane se sentaría en la cama con la mirada gacha pensando en todas las cosas que pudo haber hecho. Había sido una tonta al haberle pedido a Providence ser un ángel guardián solo por su sed de venganza y no por genuinas intenciones, la rubia jamás había sido una persona que pudiera consolar a alguien o darle palabras de consuelo, no tenía madera para ello. Pero ahora no podía dar marcha atrás, no podía dejar a Lil sola…mas bien, no quería dejarla sola. Cuando la ojiazul era humana no tuvo muchas amistades femeninas por su tosca manera de ser, pero tras conocer mejor a la morena en ocasiones se sorprendía así misma pensando en cómo pudieron haberse conocido si no hubiera muerto. Lil ya era su amiga, era aquella persona a la que siempre deseo cuidar cuando su corazón aun palpitaba. Lentamente entreabrió los ojos dándose cuenta de lo que realmente podía hacer, quizás no podía golpear a esas chicas ni hacerlas quedar mal en un maldito baile de primavera, pero podía confortar a Lil con sus palabras. Aprovechando su condición traspasó a la morena sentándose frente a ella posado una mano en su rodilla haciéndola levantar la mirada. –¿Jojo?–Preguntó la adolescente en un susurro apenas audible, esperaba que su ángel dijera algo. La rubia respiro hondo en un intento de calmarse, lo que haría no era propio de ella. Alzó la mirada encontrándose con los ojos castaños y le dedicó una suave sonrisa.–¿Por qué lloras?–Tras tanto tiempo por fin se decidió a preguntarle. La humana quedó algo confundida ante la pregunta del ángel pero no tardó en responderle.–Porque tienen razón, soy…–Hizo una pausa mordiendo su labio inferior.–Mi cuerpo…–Volvió a hacer una pausa mientras sus mejillas se tornaban rojizas y nuevas lagrimas resbalaban por su mejilla. Lentamente la rubia paso un dedo por estas quitándolas, se sorprendió un poco al poder tocar a la pelimorada pero no dijo nada. –¿Tu cuerpo?–La alentó a seguir. –Jojo no te hagas la ciega, soy fea.–Soltó Lil desviando la mirada, negándose a ver aquellos lindos ojos azules. ¿Por qué hasta ver a su ángel de la guardia le recordaba lo horrible que su cuerpo era? Jojo inclino la cabeza claramente confundida, ¿Lil fea? Era como decir que el maldito de Sock no tenía una apariencia adorable. –Pues la ciega aquí es otra.–Susurró mirando a Lil.–Porque a mí me pareces linda.–Susurró la rubia algo avergonzada, no era muy de decir lo que pensaba. La pelimorada limpió sus lágrimas mirando al ángel como si estuviera mintiendo.–Si claro, esas chicas tienen razón Jojo. Jamás podría ser como ellas. –¿Artificial, falsa y operada? Tienes razón, jamás serás como ellas porque tu eres linda sin necesitar alguna cirugía, tratamiento o lo que sea. Lil –Se acercó a la adolescente posando una mano en su mejilla para que la mirara a los ojos.– Tu eres hermosa, por dentro y por fuera, eres genial, inteligente, única además ¿por qué te acompleja tu cuerpo? Por si lo has olvidado, me toca verte después de clase de gimnasia y puedo asegurarte que no tiene nada de feo ni horrible.–La pelimorada soltó unas suaves risitas mirando a su amiga.– No te avergüences ¿sí? Esas chicas son idiotas y solo buscan a quien molestar por no ser otra chica sacada de la producción en masa donde las crean.–Bromeo volviendo a abrazar a Lil.–En serio, eres hermosa Lil. La pelimorada se quedó un momento en shock ante el abrazó de su ángel, mas que nada por el hecho de que podía sentir su cuerpo, correspondió al abrazo cerrando sus ojos. Quizás Jojo tenía razón acerca de ella, tal parecía que la rubia comenzaba a entender cómo debía ser un ángel, siempre cuidar a su humano hasta de sus propios pensamientos. Algo corto, inspiración tras un momento de melancolía y el descubrimiento de música nueva. Los personajes no me pertenecen, son de Erica Wester. Gracias por leer. ","Summary":" You are beautiful ¿Cuántas veces había vivido ese momento? La rubia ya no se tomaba la molestia en "},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Time","Author":"Darius Blake","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11699527","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Devil had very limited understanding of time, or at least in the way mortals measured its passage. All he knew was he hadn't been to this particular piece of nether space for a rather long time. He could, of course, have just summoned the object he was looking for to him without leaving the office, but the simple act of walking down to the Vaults was a minor cathartic, easing a few of his burdens just enough for him to feel… Free. But, as invariably happened when he allowed his mind to drift, it focused on Her. Eons pass, and yet the wounds across his back and his heart were still raw. He reached into his suit pocket, retrieving a steel key, rusty and dented, but still serviceable. He turned to face the abyss and, with the steadfast assurance of one who has performed this act many times before, he stepped out into the void. He fell, feeling the lurch in his gut and the rush of repressed images as once again, he fell. But not very far. See, the thing about gravity on the shadow plane is, quite simply, it doesn't really exist. It's all a matter of preconceived notions of up and down. Landing on the underside of the path, he smiled at the door. Of all the doors he could have picked… A small, white painted, wooden door. Its frame painted the deep shade of plum She had always liked. He waited a long few seconds, a tiny eternity, before turning the key in the lock. The brass handle turned and the room beyond was bathed in the peculiar half-light of the void. He strode into the room, surveying it, judging it. A battered armchair beckoned, its scuffed leather upholstery ready to welcome him back. He walked past it, searching through the piles of detritus he had accumulated over the centuries. There it was, gathering dust in between two pillars of novels. Dusting her of, Mephistopheles drew a freshly rosined bow across the strings. The violin sang, venting the fallen angel's frustration in a wave of melancholic music. He played on, the lyrics pouring from his lips as the violin's soft music picked up speed and volume. \" We're going down, down, down, To Mephisto's Café. Down, down, down, To Mephisto's Café. And the Gears will spin, As the Sinners sin, But at least we'll give 'em Hell. And the Righteous Few, They'll spit on you, So bid 'em all Farewell… We're going Down.\" He smiled sadly at the picture on his wall. The Girl with hair as black as midnight sky. Her eyes, seeming to hold all the stars of the cosmos. He remembered the days they had spent drawing up elaborate blueprints for her grand creation. Those plans had all gone awry when she made several last minute additions. She had always been spontaneous like that. She had taken a perfectly good ape and decided it needed a rapid kick towards sentience. If She'd just taken time to rework the plan She would have seen that for such a move to be viable, trait would need so much longer. As it stood, She was left with a race of gibbering wrecks. He had tried to warn her. She wasn't ready to hear it. She had always had that weakness. She loved to claim omniscience, but Her all-seeing eyes were blind to flaws in Her own creation. \"You know, Morningstar, I do regret what I did.\" \"Well, can't take it back now, can you?\" \"No… You're right, I can't. But would you at least do me the courtesy of facing me?\" \"Why? So you don't have to be reminded of what's missing from this picture?\" \"Ouch. That Hurt's Meph…\" \"Not nearly as much as that knife did.\" \"…Fair point.\" \"You're not even really Her. You're just a figment of my own broken mind. Leave me alone… Please.\" \"Fine… Even if you don't think I'm really here, just know I regret it all, ok? And… Maybe you were right…\" Mephistopheles slumped into the armchair. He needed a Holiday. Time was an abstraction, and Devil had never quite got to grips with it, but he knew it had been a while since he had done this; Played his violin, Let out all his sorrow, just… been himself. Not the Devil, Not Lucifer. Just Mephistopheles. A Man with a Job to Do. And by that wretched woman's very being, he was going to do it right. First order of Business; Renovate. Hell was falling behind. If Souls were where the market lay, then this place needed to get back into tip-top form. Next, get some of the best back on duty. We're talking the Unforgivable Sinners here. Homicide, Arson, Violence without Cause, Tax Evasion, Theft, Suicide… The lot. The Gears where really spinning now, faster and faster, ideas sparking of each other at speed. Oh yes… He was back, and this time? He wasn't going down without a fight. ","Summary":" The Devil had very limited understanding of time, or at least in the way mortals measured its passa"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Love don't die","Author":"DimensionalSharkitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12310970","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Love don't die Capítulo 1 Todos tienen su alma gemela. Podía escucharse como una frase tan cursi que solo se escucharía en alguna película cliché donde alguna persona adulta o la amiga de la protagonista le daría valor para no rendirse en el amor, pero en la realidad todo el asunto de las almas gemelas existía. Cualquiera estaría un poco escéptico al escuchar que existía un tal para cual, que todos tenían su \"media naranja\"; aquella persona que haría que su vida no se sintiera tan vacía e incompleta pero siendo que cada humano en su brazo izquierdo tenía un contador con el que nacían, la idea de tener un alma gemela dejaba de ser tan alocada. Jonathan Combs de 8 años se había reído cuando su madre le explico el asunto de las almas gemelas, el pequeño castaño había creído que su madre le estaba jugando una broma hasta que esta se indignó ante la poca confianza de su hijo terminando por irse a la habitación contigua murmurando que \"De ella se iba a acordar en nueve años cuando se encontrara con su persona predestinada\". Y es que aquel contador que no eran más que algunos dígitos azules en su piel con una apariencia parecida a tatuajes hacía una cuenta regresiva sobre el momento en que supuestamente conocería a la única persona que amaría con todo su ser. Jonathan no creía que realmente existiera alguien para él. +.+.+.+.+ –Bueno viejo amigo, nunca pensé que me encontraría al final de tu filo.– Murmuró el castaño observando su reflejo en el cuchillo que sostenía en sus manos. Se tomó unos segundos antes de hacer aquello por lo que no habría marcha atrás, apuñalarse en el pecho marcando el final de su vida humana. +.+.+.+.+ Jonathan comenzó a abrir los ojos acostumbrándose a la luz que se colaba por las ventanas iluminando su habitación, lentamente se sentó en la cama tallando sus manos contra sus ojos intentando deshacerse de la pereza que aun sentía. Los años había pasado volviéndolo un rubio teñido con mala actitud y con ojeras bajo sus ojos aunque estas ocasionadas por el insomnio de la noche anterior. Aun no podía explicarse un dolor intenso en el pecho que le dejó inquieto, ahora sufría las consecuencias sintiendo su cuerpo adolorido y cansado. Tras los años había dejado de pensar en el asunto de las almas gemelas, algunos de sus compañeros de clases ya habían encontrado a sus grandes amores mientras que otros se encontraban demasiado ansiosos por poder probar esa felicidad la cual únicamente esa persona especial los haría sentir. Jonathan simplemente quería vivir a su ritmo, el teñido ya tenía demasiado aguantándose así mismo como para aguantar a otra persona y ¿quién sabe? Quizás era parte de esa minoría que no tenía un alma gemela. Contrario a muchos de los adolescentes de su edad el no revisaba todos los días su contador pero por algún motivo decidió hacerlo ese día. Miró su brazo izquierdo encontrándose con una sorpresa, en su muñeca podía verse una cicatriz que la rodeaba perfectamente. –¿Pero qué?–Murmuró el adolescente inspeccionando la cicatriz, días anteriores no se había lastimado por lo que solo podía significar una sola cosa. El rubio se puso pálido de solo recordar lo que significaba tener una repentina cicatriz en la muñeca izquierda, puede que no pensará mucho en el asunto de las almas gemelas pero aquello le hizo sentir una opresión en su pecho. Una cicatriz en la muñeca significaba que tu alma gemela había muerto. El rubio trago duro sin poder apartar la mirada de aquella marca. ¿El destino la tenía tan en su contra que mataba a su persona predestinada? Probablemente a la única persona que iba a poder aguantar en ese mundo y es que ¿a quién engañaba? Él también era un maldito ser humano con ganas de conocer esa magia que le daría su alma gemela, por más que quisiera ocultarlo bajo la máscara de adolescente que no le importa nada en la vida. –Quizás era lo mejor.–Intentó convencerse el ojiazul mientras subía la mirada a su contador, tenía curiosidad sobre si este se habría detenido en el momento en que quien pudo haber sido su pareja murió o si había desaparecido. Por segunda vez en la mañana se topó con una nueva sorpresa, no solo su contador seguía funcionando sino que tal parecía que estaba a algunas horas de que el contador llegara a cero. –Esto tiene que ser una broma.–Volvió a murmurar sin despegar la mirada de su brazo.–Quizás…se rompió o algo así, ugh no lo sé.–El adolescente decidió que lo mejor era ignorarlo, las marcas no se equivocaban por lo que estaba seguro que su contador estaba mal. Ya luego iría al doctor. Se levantó de la cama para asearse cuando su reloj aun marcaba que faltaban ocho horas con doce minutos para que este llegara a cero. +.+.+.+.+ Jonathan había intentado no pensar mucho en el hecho de que su alma gemela estaba muerto ni que su contador se había vuelto loco, pero en ese momento ni la música de Valhalla Soundbox podía distraerlo del caos que había en su mente. ¿Y si estaba enfermo? Probablemente, eso explicaría el dolor en su pecho de aquella noche y el hecho de que no sintiera ningún síntoma tras la muerte de un alma gemela. Supuestamente debía sentirse muy deprimido y con el corazón desgarrado, pero se sentía muy normal…quizás la depresión era algo tan común en el que ni la sentía o influía el hecho de jamás haber tenido contacto con esa persona. Como fuera, debía dejar de pensar en ello, el peliteñido se puso su suéter gris como una manera de evitar volver a ver aquella horrorosa cicatriz. –Todo estará bien.–Se convencía a sí mismo como un mantra para mantenerse calmado. Estúpido asunto de las almas gemelas. +.+.+.+.+ –¿Pero por qué mi contador sigue funcionando? –Bueno niño, aún hay misterios que no sé. Pero tal parece que las cosas se volverán más interesantes de lo que creí. +.+.+.+.+ \"No pienses en ello. No pienses en ello. No pienses en ello. No pienses en ello. No pienses en ello. No pienses en ello. ¡Deja de pensar en ello!\" Se repetía Jonathan una y otra vez mientras intentaba prestar atención a la clase fallando en ello. ¿Cómo pensar en física cuando no tenía idea de que le ocurría a su cuerpo ese día? Conforme las horas pasaban se sentía cada vez mas ansioso y no tenía idea de porqué, quizás si lo hacía pero quería ignorar el hecho de que estaba a tan solo una hora de que su contador llegara a cero. +.+.+.+.+ Jonathan estaba caminando a casa jugando nerviosamente con los cables de sus audífonos morados, su día había sido un tremendo desastre gracias a todo ese asunto de las almas gemelas. Había estado tan distraído durante las clases que mas de un profesor de la llamó la atención amenazándolo con enviarlo a detención, ahora solo quería llegar a su casa para tirarse en su cama y dormir un rato, después se encargaría de hacer una cita con un doctor sobre su contador loco. El chico pálido bostezó caminando hasta su casa, sacó las llaves de su mochila acercándose a la puerta para abrirla, sin embargo fue sorprendido por una figura a su lado. –¡Boo!–Mas que asustarse Jonathan volteó a ver quién era el sujeto que se atrevía a intentar asustarlo. –¿Qué rayos quie…?–Se quedó a media oración mirando al sujeto frente a el, no parecía mas que un chiquillo castaño de ropas extravagantes pero por algún motivo no podía apartar la mirada de aquel chico y tal parecía que este sufría lo mismo al quedarse encandilado con los ojos azules de Jonathan. Sin que ambos se dieran cuenta, aquellas marcas azules en sus brazos habían llegado al cero. Ambos adolescentes habían encontrado a su alma gemela. +.+.+.+.+ ¡Hola a todos! Gracias por leer, realmente no me gusto mucho como quedo pero intentaré mejorar en el siguiente capitulo. Tenía que escribir este fanfic para poder quitarme la necesidad de escribir un fanfic de el maravilloso au de los soulmate del que apenas me hice adicta. Welcome to hell no me pertenece es de Erica Wester al igual que sus personajes. ","Summary":" Love don't die Capítulo 1 Todos tienen su alma gemela. Podía escucharse como una frase tan cursi qu"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Sometimes","Author":"therevolutionsayshi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11839521","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sock wasn't one that would linger. He was the kind of person, and now demon, to get something done in a short amount of time, no matter the cost. That included killing people, apparently. He killed his parents, his best friend, and all sorts of animals, all with a jaunty attitude, doing it quickly and surely, and then himself in the same sort of manner. He wasn't one to be slow, he wasn't one to take his time. He knew this, of course. Which was why he was terrified, he couldn't do it. And that was quite possibly because Jonathan was the only person that was nice to him. Jonathan Combs was a teenager. He fit the stereotype and everything, moody, not really caring, and a slight affinity for music. He wasn't anything special, except for being bullied a bit more than others. He wasn't a new idea or concept, he was, in all aspects, a typical teenager. But there was one thing that made him stand out a bit. He had a demon. Literally. Sock followed him around all the time, no one but him seeing him, and doing more harm than good. He had an obsession with telling Jonathan to kill himself, but other than that, Jonathan was okay with him, even thinking of him as a friend, if that made sense. Once he had gotten used to Sock, Jonathan hadn't really reacted. He just held out one hand and said, \"I don't know what I'm gonna do with you.\" Sock smiled widely, looking slightly more like the Homicidal maniac he claimed to be. Sock had shaken his hand, and since then Jonathan was fine with him staying at his house. And he frequently would. \"Hey, Jon.\" He would say on the nights he would stay over, always laying on top of him at exactly eleven twenty two every time. Jonathan would roll his eyes, \"It's Jonathan,\" and then he would move over so Sock could get on his bed. Sock would wake him up with a shake of his shoulder on the weekends at five in the morning and on school days he would lie on top of him at one in the morning singing horrible songs. It had become a routine for Jonathan, and he had quite liked it, even though the boy was a demon that was sent to drive him to suicide. On Saturdays and Sundays, though, Sock was an entirely different story. He would never, ever, say anything about him taking suicide, and instead would smile and call him a nerd. Sock would lean his head on Jonathan's shoulder whenever he could. Sock would act like an almost completely normal kid. But then, sometimes, Sock would be different, somehow. His smiles were kinder. He would laugh louder. He would act almost as if he had a - a crush. The words brought a smile to his face. Sock, the weirdo kid who always seemed happy somehow, having a crush on him, the clinically depressed (although not suicidal) and bullied kid who he had been sent to make commit suicide. It was ironic, really, which was why Jonathan liked the idea. And, okay, maybe he had a small, small crush on the other boy, but don't tell him that. \"Are you okay?\" Sock would ask on Sundays. Sundays were the worst for Jonathan. Being told being gay was a sin, and that he was going to Hell, and being told that God hated him really was stressful. Especially when his parents glared at him as they walked out the door to go to church, his father cursing him under his breath. Sock hadn't noticed yet, though, and Jonathan was at least glad for that. \"I'm great.\" Jonathan would say, his head in his hands, trying to disappear from the world in his hoodie. It really was completely awful, but he could pretend it wasn't bothering him. He could pretend he wasn't gay for a year or two. Sock would raise an eyebrow. \"You don't look okay.\" He would say. Jonathan's arms and therefore head would collapse on the table, then. Groaning. Maybe he would say it, sometime. He would work up the courage to say 'No, I'm not okay. Both my parents hate me for being part of one fourth of the population, and I'm clinically depressed and you were probably sent here to convince me to kill myself because of that, but I just want you to be happy and I don't think you'd be happy if you didn't torture me everyday.' But that was sometime else. Maybe next week, or next month. But right now, he just wanted to just agree with Sock and get it over with. ","Summary":" Sock wasn't one that would linger. He was the kind of person, and now demon, to get something done "},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"ACT Practice","Author":"Reynutocx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12045309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: As W2H cosplayers, my sister and I often have conversations like this. I wanted to write one of them down for the lols. Always for the lols. \"I'm bored,\" Sock complained. \"Go away,\" Jonathan offered. He was sitting at a table with a practice ACT booklet in front of him, flipping the pages at a very, very slow rate. Occasionally he would right himself a note in the margins of the paper. Sock creped closer to get a good look at the ACT booklet. He'd never taken it himself, but he certainly remembered hearing plenty about the ACT in life and, naturally, formed a dislike for the particular test. \"I have a plan,\" he offered, ignoring his friend's advice. \"If it involves long boats, I'm not interested.\" Sock thought for a second. \"I have a new plan.\" Jonathan looked up. \"Oh, no long boats this time?\" \"Ok, hear me out here,\" Sock began. \"So, you and I, in the dead of night-\" Jonathan groaned. \"Should not have shown you that movie.\" \"We don't get a long boat.\" \"I'm listening.\" \"Instead, we get so rope, and you...punch your own ticket.\" Jonathan glared. \"I'm not going to kill myself!\" \"Come on,\" Sock persisted. \"Just do it. Just once. Do it for the vine.\" \"You don't even have a vine!\" \"I'll get one. I'll put it on my snapchat story.\" \"You also don't have a snapchat!\" \"Oh come on you never want to do anything. You got to live life to the fullest!\" \"Yeah, live!\" Ok, maybe that was a bad analogy. \"Fine,\" Sock corrected. \"You just got to grasp life...and squeeze it. Ring it's neck.\" Jonathan laughed. \"Your efforts are pathetic.\" He went back to his ACT. The was a brief silence. \"You know,\" Sock said. \"If you killed yourself, you wouldn't have to worry about college plans.\" Jonathan paused in his writing. \"That's a compelling argument. Just one thing: I still wind up dead.\" \"Have you considered a career in alphabetizing?\" \"No.\" Jonathan looked uninterested. \"Well, I think you'd be great at it.\" \"Sure…\" \"What about sorting out natural blondes from fake ones? Do you dye your hair, Jonathan?\" Sock asked trying to pick at the boy in question's hair. His fingers just slipped though. Sock frowned. Jonathan swatted at the ghostly hand. \"Cut that out.\" \"Pleeease?\" Sock asked. Jonathan put down his pencil. \"No! How many times do I have to tell you, I will not now, or ever, consider killing myself, especially because you just want me to!\" \"Peer pressure,\" Sock offered. \"It's not working,\" Jonathan said. \"Oh, come on!\" Sock persisted. \"We could have so much fun together if you were dead. We could go to hell, get involved in the turf wars going on there-\" \"The what?\" \"Oh, and\" Sock continued completely ignoring Jonathan's comment \"We could haunt people together.\" \"No, I plan on living.\" Jonathan picked up his ACT booklet and walked to his room. Sock followed behind him, hovering a few inches off the floor \"I'm going to work now,\" Jonathan said opening his door. \"Do not follow me.\" Sock sighed. \"But I'm so bored. Do you know how boring it is to be a ghost? I can't touch anything.\" Jonathan frowned. \"I'll make it up to you. We'll do something later, ok? But for now, let me study.\" ","Summary":" AN: As W2H cosplayers, my sister and I often have conversations like this. I wanted to write one of"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"An Angel in Disguise","Author":"Izzyb0927","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11708722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sock was walking down the street, tears streaming down his face. Jonathan, the only person he has ever loved, died about a week ago and Sock is not over it. He wants to go to the person he loves...so he harms himself but can't reach to actually kill himself. Sock stands at a bus stop, waiting for the bus to pick him up. A little boy was already there, hugging his backpack straps tightly, eyes shimmering in joy. He looks at Sock's arms, all cut and bruised and asked,\"Are you an angel?\" Sock looked at him shocked then confused,\"What?\" The little boy pointed at Sock's arms and said,\"My mom told me that those who have marked wrists are angels.\" Sock glanced sideways quickly then back to the little boy and said,\"I'm...not an angel.\" The little boy giggled then smiled,\"Of course you are! Mum said only angels harm themselves because they don't like life on earth. This world is destroying them so they try to return to heaven again. They are too sensitive to the pain of others or their own.\" Sock smiled lightly (the most he had all week) and said,\"You know, your mom is very wise.\" The little boy smiled and said,\" Thank you. She's also an angel but she has already returned home.\" Sock gasped as his eyes began to tear up,\"Oh...wow.\" The little boy smiled lightly as the bus arrived. \"Well, this is my bus but see you...uh...\" \"Sock...my name is Sock.\" Sock smiled at the little innocent boy. \"Sock..nice name for an angel.\" The little boy smiled. \"Um..I never got your name.\" Sock said just as the little boy was entering the bus. \"Jonathan...my name is Jonathan.\" Jonathan smiled lightly. Sock gasped and tears formed in his eyes. \"Goodbye, Sock!\" Jonathan smiled as the bus door closed behind him and the bus rode away. Sock stood there...and started crying. Jonathan...just like his name... ","Summary":" Sock was walking down the street, tears streaming down his face. Jonathan, the only person he has e"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Sockathan One-Shots","Author":"kitsunicorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11723456","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Her name is Lil. I'm taking her out to a nice dinner at Olive Garden and a walk in the park. Sock? Sock! Are you even listening to me?\" Jonathan waved his eyes in front of the demons eyes, attempting to get a response. Unfortunately, his efforts to explain to Sock why he wouldn't be home tonight were fruitless, each summary ending in a dazed \"Wha...?\" from the brunett. Blank green eyes snapped back into focus on the blonde's face. \"Uh. Ok. Cool.\" was all Sock managed. \"So can you please please please not screw it up?\" The human begged. \"Jonathan. Jonathan jonathan jonathan. Jon-a-than. Have you learned nothing over the past year?\" he scolded. Jonathan groaned and made one final request. \"Can you at least... not make me look crazy?\" Instead of responding, the demon chuckled and phased through the nearest wall, almost as if to make a dramatic exit. \"Flaky as usual I see!\" the blonde called after him, duly noting that he didn't really need Sock's help to make him look crazy. ...o0o… Like the gentleman he was, Jonathan pulled the chair out for his date. Once Lil was seated, he plopped himself down opposite her. \"You look very nice today,\" he complimented, attempting to make small talk. She chuckled. \"You don't look half bad yourself.\" When the waiter came to take their drink order, he apparently didn't notice the candlesticks hovering a few inches off the table. Jonathan snickered a bit as the man left, and the candles were gently placed back on the cloth. Lil awkwardly hid her face behind her sweater sleeve. \"...Everything ok?\" Jon quickly recovered a straight face and cleared his throat. \"Yeah. Everything's great.\" The waiter returned with the drinks, and the couple placed their orders. Idle chat was made between the humans, while the intangible being watched the waiter leave. Jonathan's focus was soon recaptured by the brightly colored demon, who had somehow acquired socks to put on his hands and was currently making Lil's purple hair stand on end with static electricity. Jonathan, eyes still on Sock, cracked a small grin. Lil blushed and bashfully brushed a strand of hair out of her face, thinking the smile was for her. Because rationally, who else could it be directed at? Sock's attention suddenly shifted to the door of the kitchen. He floated away, leaving Jonathan a little disappointed and mildly worried for the food. While listening to Lil tell some story he wasn't particularly interested in, Jon wondered how Sock could manipulate objects. He was already aware that the demon was able to do so, but he also knew it usually took a lot of concentration and willpower. Now, watching Sock slowly inch an unoccupied chair away from a table, he seemed to be doing it with much less effort. His train of thought was interrupted when the waiter, returning from the kitchen with their orders, tripped over the chair his demon had inconveniently placed in the middle of the rout the server would use. Lil let out a loud gasp as a bowl of pasta splattered over the back of her jacket. Barely holding in his laughter, Jonathan was quickly by her side. He shed his own sweater and offered it to her as a replacement for the evening. \"We'll take that to go, please,\" he told the waiter, who nodded dimly, barely recovering from his fall and attempting to recollect the fallen bowls and plates. ...o0o… \"...And then he said, 'But wombats don't have feathers!'\" Jonathan laughed, secretly hoping this was the last story for the evening. \"Well, this is my place…\" Lil said in a way that implied the close of the evening more than anything else. She quickly took off the grey hoodie, handing it back to Jonathan with a sigh. \"I really had fun tonight,\" she told him. \"Yeah, me too,\" he replied, but his mind was elsewhere. Jon hadn't seen his demon for a few blocks, and he had stopped attempting to sabotage the date since the restaurant, which was nearly an hour earlier. This concerned the human, and he wasn't sure what had killed his vibe. Jon looked down at Lil's brown eyes,, and realized those weren't the eyes he wanted to be looking into at the end of a date, pleading for a goodnight kiss. Lil leaned in for a kiss, but Jonathan cut it off with an awkward goodnight hug. She seemed a bit disappointed, but she didn't press it any farther. Climbing the steps to her apartment building, she inquired, \"So, see you again sometime?\" He gave a halfhearted smile. \"Yeah maybe.\" Once the door was shut, Jonathan took off in the direction he came just minutes earlier with his date. He retraced his steps, pondering how the evening might have gone if it was spent with someone else. Probably filled with stories he was actually interested in, and with jokes that actually made him laugh. Jonathan found Sock in the park, sitting on a bench; well, it was more like he was hovering a few inches above the bench. The blonde slid up next to him quietly, uttering a small \"You ok?\" Instead of a response, Jon received a small sniffle. He rolled his eyes and, seeing nothing better to do, slid his arm around the smaller boy's shoulder. Instead of falling through him like mist as usual (and as expected), Sock become tangible and solid, allowing his arm to rest behind the demon's neck. Sock jerked his head back in surprise at the touch. As he did, the tears on his cheeks caught in the lamplight and became visible to Jonathan. \"Hey! What happened?!\" He asked in concern. The brunet quickly hid his face and wiped the tears away. \"Nothing. I'm fine. It's nothing.\" Even as he said it, his voice was strained and cracked. \"Were you jealous of my date?\" Jonathan teased in an attempt to lighten the mood a bit. Sock again abstained from responding. \"Yeah, well, it wasn't that great. The date I mean. And, I guess, neither was she.\" Then after a pause, \"You know what the best part was?\" There was another cute little demon sniffle, and then,\"Jon, I don't really want to hear about how great your stupid-\" \"It was you, dumbass. I laughed every time you tried to sabotage our date. And that's more than I can say for Lil's jokes.\" Sock giggled a bit. \"Do you really mean it?\" Jon cracked a bit of a half grin. \"Yeah.\" Sock nuzzled his way into the crook of Jonathan's neck. \"Ya know, when I was alive, I never got to go on a date like that. Well, I guess I never really wanted to, but…\" \"What changed?\" \"I didn't find anyone I thought was worth it. That is, until now.\" Jonathan laughed, absently stroking the bit of hair poking out from under Sock's hat. \"I think it was the same for me, except I didn't go on the date with the person I wish I had.\" \"Oh yeah? And who's that?\" \"Are you really gonna make me say it out loud?\" Jonathan asked in a playful tone. \"Wouldn't have it any other way,\" Sock giggled again. \"Then I suppose the world may never know.\" Jon stood up. \"Ya know, I should probably be getting home, dork.\" \"Hey, that's not fair!\" . ..o0o... Lil sighed as the door shut behind her. She really did enjoy the date, but didn't really enjoy Jonathan's company. \"I'm home,\" she called as she set down her purse. \"You mean you didn't invite him in? Such a shame,\" answered her guardian angel who had suddenly appeared at her side. \"And to think, I was really looking forward to meeting his friend.\" ","Summary":" \"Her name is Lil. I'm taking her out to a nice dinner at Olive Garden and a walk in the park. Sock"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"No was the answer What was the question?","Author":"Reynutocx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11667314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: this was written as a journal entry for my creative writing class. I thought I might as well upload it, because I will be writing a full fledged W2H story as soon as I finish my Death Note one...and the full fledged W2H one will be happier. \"I can't do it,\" Sock said. \"I can't kill him.\" Mephistopheles frowned. \"You've been killing people your whole life, kid. Why's this one so different?\" Sock shook his head slightly in confusion. \"I—I don't know. I just can't.\" Why couldn't he kill Jonathan? All his life, Sock had been struggling to not kill people. He'd killed animals, random people he didn't even know, what little friends he had, his parents— he'd even killed himself. Now that he was dead and a demon, it was his job to kill people, or to help them kill themselves. Sock still felt overwhelming desires to stab Jonathan's classmates, but he couldn't kill Jonathan. And the worst part was: Sock genuinely didn't know why. Jonathan was different somehow. His life seemed more important than anything else to Sock. Mephistopheles shrugged. \"That's fine. I'll just get another demon to do it.\" Sock winced. He didn't like the idea of some other demon haunting Jonathan, slowly driving him insane, until he ended his own life where he'd probably have to alphabetize the list of crippling phobias forever. Jonathan was Sock's friend. He didn't want anyone else to go near him. \"Of course, that ends your job,\" Mephistopheles continued. \"Last chance kid, kid. Kill him now, or never. Sock's throat felt tight. He clenched his fist, but he knew it wouldn't work. He let his hand uncurl and hang limply at his side. \"…I can't.\" he managed in a small voice. Mephistopheles frowned, but he didn't look mad. He looked disappointed. \"Alright. Sorry, kid. You're fired.\" The words rang out clearly in the empty room. The wall started to shake. Giant tendrils burst from the ceiling. They wrapped themselves around Sock's ankles, flipping him upside down. Sock felt little thorns pierce through his socks dig into his skin. He turned his head slightly, and felt his hat slip off of his head. The tendrils began to retreat back into the ceiling dragging Sock away with them. \"Wait!\" he yelled frantically, his hands grasping on anything to keep him in the room longer. \"Can't I at least say goodbye to Jonathan?\" Mephistopheles shook his head. \"No.\" ","Summary":" AN: this was written as a journal entry for my creative writing class. I thought I might as well up"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"So i'm nothing","Author":"fruitloop05","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2606735","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nI do not own Virgin Suicides and I do not own the song charlotte. So,nI'm nothing. Yountook something from me, now you've disappeared. Luxnlay there on the football field not really knowing what went on. Wasnshe no longer a virgin? She wiped the sleep outnof her eyes and realized what had happened. It was the greatest nightnof her life but Tripp was gone. Lux started to laugh then started toncry. She went home all disheveled. Each step she took her angerngrew. Therese asked \"Are you okay? Where did you go? Momma and popnare so mad at you. Maybe you should clean up a little.\" She saidnthis so fast thet Lux barely heard her. Thennext day at school she was miserable. She was grounded and could onlyngo to school and church for a month. You'renRight Where I Want You. YounSaid You Wanted It, Alright. Therenhe was. Tripp was by his locker talking to his friends. Lux went overnto him and asked him \" Can I talk to you a second or two?\" Trippnlooked at his friends and then look back at Lux. \"Alone please.\"nShe spoke in the calmest tone she could utter. \" Dude we'll seenyou later.\" One of his friends said and walked away and the othernfollowed. Tripp tried to kiss her hello but she backed away. No!nIt's Not Alright (3x) \" Whatnhappened! You were there and when I woke you were gone.\" Luxndidn't even blink. \"I…I was afraid. I didn't...\" Trippntried to explain but Lux did not give him a chance. Slap! Lux justnwalked away with out a word. No...nNow I'm something, AndnYour Head Is In My Closet. DeadnForever, They'll Never Search It... OutnOf Sight No..nIt's not alright (3x) Itnseemed she could do nothing. Days passed and she had moved on. Everynnight it was the same. A cigarette and sex on the roof top. The tilesnmade her uncomfortable but she didn't mind when she was in action.nThe pain and pleasure made her smile. It was the only way Lux couldnforget. To numb the pain. No...nI'm Cold, So Cold, Ohh,nOhh (2x) They'llnFind It (2x) NO!nNO WAY! (4x)[Chapter 2] Lux had to run away.nShe decided this when Celia died. She just never had the guts to donit until now. Lux thought it was the sex that gave her the newnconfidence. Saturday night she would run away, runaway and live…live.nWhere? She had not thought of where she might live after this. Shendid not care. When it reachednSaturday night, she packed a few things silently, so as to not wakenher sisters. 'Finally I can be happy.' Lux felt nothing butnhappiness as she ran through neighbor's yards. Sex did not make hernhappy; it just gave her temporary pleasure, running away made hernhappy. She wanted to forget everything. Tripp, Mom, Dad, school, andnher sisters. Meanwhile, at thenhouse. Mrs. Lisbon woke to the sounds of a door creaking in the wind.nLux had left the door wide open. Luckily, it was a warm night. Shenimmediately checked on the Lisbon sisters. All of them were asleep.nMrs. Lisbon was relieved to see that they were safe. As she closed thendoor, she realized that Lux was not there. Mrs. Lisbon opened thendoor again and rechecked the room. No, she was not there. Mr. Lisbon was in thenbathroom when Mrs. Lisbon returned to her bedroom. She went up to thenbathroom door and banged on it. \"Honey, hurry up…Lux is gone!\"nHe was washing his hands but stopped in the middle of it when henheard his wife. \"What!\" he rushed out of the bathroom almostnknocking over his wife. \"Call the police!\" Lux finally made it tonthe out skirts of town. She started to laugh. \"I made it, I madenit.\" Her hands on her knees and a smile on her face. She had tonkeep running. She did not want to be caught. When she finally wasnrested enough she saw a flashlight's light shine on the ground. 'Ohnno.' she thought to her self. Lux's happiness drained from her. When the police got tonLisbon house, Lux was in handcuffs. There had been a struggle. Luxnwas crying the whole way there. She cried silently. \"We'll letnyou off with a warning…\" The older officer had said. The youngernone knocked on the door. \"Yes… oh thank God you're here!\"nMrs. Lisbon opened the door even wider than it all ready was. \"Mrs.nLisbon, here is your daughter.\" The older one said with a smile ofnsatisfaction on his face.[Chapter 3] Mr. Lisbon drove her tonthe mental hospital the next day. She did not fight them; she did notnsay a word. She thought 'why bother?' she rode in the back alongnwith her clothes her diary. The argument had been a long one. Shenkept silent though the whole thing. Lux did not know when she wouldnspeak again. Her calm anger boilednwithin her. Mr. Lisbon filled out the forms occasionally asking fornLux's signature. A women named Betty asked Lux to take off hernshoes and socks and shake out her socks and her shoes. Then Bettynsaid, \"I'm gonna have to pat you down. This is only a check fornweapons.\" Lux remained silent. Betty patted her down. After Mr. Lisbonnfinished the forms and handed them to Betty. \"Welcome to thenhospital Ms. Lisbon. Follow me.\" Betty said with a smile. Both Luxnand Mr. Lisbon got up and followed Betty. She handed the front desknthe forms. Betty opened the door for them. It was a nice place butnLux thought it was a fowl place. She had her arms folded. When theyngot down to the young girls wing they searched her stuff for anynharmful objects. \"This, this, and this need to go home.\" It wasnher perfume, nail polish, and nail polish remover. With out saying anword to Lux, Mr. Lisbon left with the objects. A woman named Heidinshowed her around the place. When the got to her room Heidinexplained, \"Now when you need to use the bathroom just ask one ofnus to unlock it. Now you may go to get your things.\" That night she had anrough time sleeping. She would drift in and out of sleeping.nSurprisingly she was happy. Happy she was away, happy that she couldnnot see them anymore but how long would it be before she came to hernsenses?[Chapter 4] Lux woke up the nextnmorning with a start. Some one was yelling there head off. \"Fucking bitch!\"nYelled a patient. The scenario was not a huge one but Lux was awfullyndisturbed. She had never heard that language used in such a way. No,nnot in her house. Even when the time Cecilia stubbed her toe andnbroke it, she did not swear. The girl who wasnyelling had had another girl take her by the hair and yank. \"Whatnthe hell was that for!\" she yelled again. Lux peered out of hernroom and saw that the yeller was a red head who look very disheveled. At the bottomnof the red head's pajama pants there were holes. Moreover, thenhoodie she wore was stained with something blue. Of course, her hairnwas a mess. \"Girls…ngirls, what is going on here?\" Mary said. Mary was one of the psychntechs that worked there. She went to make the hair grabber releasenthe yeller's hair. \"Jenna you know better then to go grabbingnsome one else's hair.\" \"Itsnnot fair … Alexis grabbed my hair first.\" Jenna replied. \"I didnnot.\" Alexis stopped yelling for once this morning. Jennanhallucinated the whole thing where Alexis grabbed her hair but didnnot say so. Jenna actually hated Alexis any ways. As hisnwas going on Lux went back into her room and went to open hernbathroom door when she discovered she could not open it. \"Couldnsome one open my bathroom?\" Lux said. Heidincame in shortly after Lux had said that. \" I'll open yournbathroom…\" Heidi said sleepily. This was just the start of Lux'snstay and what a stay it would be. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nI do not own Virgin Suicides and I do not own the song charlotte. So,nI'm nothing. Youn"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"The only hope","Author":"DimensionalSharkitty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12310958","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The only hope Capítulo 1 Siempre creímos que las cosas mantendrían el mismo ritmo, hasta que la guerra llegó trayendo consigo un sinfín de problemas, de esperanzas y de nuevas oportunidades, pero sobre todo creando un mundo nuevo. Enero 12 de 1923, Nueva York. La luz del sol se había colado por la ventana, traspasando las finas telas que componían las cortinas de la habitación, un rubio se removía en la cama intentando evitar aquella molesta luz que había impactado directamente en sus ojos. Soltó un bufido lanzando su almohada al piso mientras entreabría sus ojos azules pasando una mano por estos, se estiró en un intento de desperezarse aunque aquella acción no había tenido algún efecto positivo. El joven se levantó de la cama acercándose a una cuerda dorada situada al lado de su cama, esta estaba conectada a la zona inferior de la casa donde los sirvientes se encontraban realizando parte de sus actividades diarias. Bostezó sentándose en la cama, mirando con cierto fastidio la ropa que se encontraba colgada fuera del armario esperando ser usada por el joven rubio. No tardó mucho para que escuchara tres toques en la puerta de caoba antes de que se abriera mostrando a un hombre de una edad avanzada con un gracioso bigote encima de su labio superior, vestía un traje color negro con un chaleco del mismo color. —Buenos días joven Combs.—Saludó el mayordomo dirigiéndose al rubio. —¿Qué tienen de buenos, señor Johnson?—Fue la ácida respuesta del mas joven.—Además ya te dije que me llames Jonathan, no tiene caso la formalidad si tú me criaste.—Murmuró el teñido encogiéndose de hombros. En parte era verdad ya que sus padres habían preferido que su mayordomo Johnson le cuidara cuando era niño que una niñera alegando que \"era mas confiable\", para el heredero simplemente sus padres habían querido ahorrarse las molestias de contratar a alguien y habían hecho mas pesado el trabajo de su fiel mayordomo. —Aunque usted lo diga seguirá siendo \"joven Combs\".—El hombre entró a la habitación acercándose al malhumorado hombre.—Este día tiene de bueno que se reunirá con sus padres tras su viaje a Londres, pero por el momento, como siempre iré a preparar el baño.—Realizó un asentimiento con la cabeza antes de acercarse a una puerta blanca girando el picaporte de plata para entrar dejando la puerta entreabierta. Jonathan volvió a recostarse en la cama mirando el techo, era un joven y saludable hombre que apenas acababa de cumplir los veintiún años de edad, su tez era pálida, contaba con unos asombrosos ojos azules, una estatura alta y una complexión saludable, lo único que llamaba la atención además de su antipática expresión era su cabello pintado debido al corte que dejaba ver su color natural en la zona inferior. Ese era Jonathan Combs, heredero de millones de dólares, grandes mansiones e inversiones en varias empresas, desde su nacimiento había tenido la fortuna (aunque el diría lo contrario) de ser de cuna de oro, su padre había creado una gran cantidad de dinero antes de casarse con su madre, terminando con una vida con mas que estabilidad económica. Claramente el rubio era lo que su padre solía llamar \"cliché de heredero mimado\", solo por su rebelión a seguir los pasos de su padre como un rico empresario y tener que buscarse una esposa rica. Jonathan verdaderamente odiaba eso, odiaba el destino que iba a tener y que no podría hacer nada para evitarlo. Se casaría con una mujer de alcurnia aunque no se amaran, manejaría los negocios de su padre, tendría herederos y finalmente, moriría pudiendo descansar de su estúpida e inútil vida. Un gran destino brillante. —El baño está listo, joven Combs.— Anunció el mayordomo sacándolo de sus pensamientos sobre el horrible futuro que le esperaba. —Gracias Johnson.—Entro al baño preparándose mentalmente para la temible llegada de sus padres, el rubio estaba seguro que le dirían algo respecto a casarse en un futuro muy próximo. Sería un día muy frustrante. El joven heredero se vistió, tomó su desayuno y estuvo un rato en la biblioteca de su \"pequeña casa\" leyendo un rato, la vida de rico no era mala pero no le emocionaba en lo absoluto tener que cargar con tantas responsabilidades y obligaciones, simplemente era demasiado para él. Los señores Combs arribaron a la mansión pasado del medio día, justo a tiempo para tomar el almuerzo en compañía de su, algo problemático, primogénito y único hijo. Antes de entrar al comedor el rubio se acomodó la corbata de color azul oscuro que se había visto obligado a usar junto con el chaleco grisáceo solamente para dar una \"buena imagen\" a sus padres. Respiró hondo antes de darle la vuelta al pomo de la puerta abriéndola, entro al comedor que se trataba de una habitación con buena iluminación, una mesa de cedro con asientos para 10 personas. En uno de los extremos se encontraba un hombre adulto de cabellos castaños oscuros usando un traje azul de un tono parecido a sus ojos llamado Frank, a su lado una mujer llamada Anne, delgada de cabellos negros con ojos azules y un fino vestido rosado, la mujer sonrió al ver entrar a su único hijo. —Jonathan, mírate cariño.—La mujer se levantó de su asiento acercándose al mas joven para darle un cálido beso en la mejilla, este muy a su pesar correspondió de la misma manera. Tomó asiento al lado derecho del hombre saludándolo con un simple asentimiento de cabeza que fue correspondido por el mayor. La comida ya estaba servida en su lugar al igual que el vino con el que solían acompañar sus alimentos, Jonathan comenzó a comer en silencio rezando mentalmente a toda deidad que no tocaran \"ese\" tema. —Jonathan, ¿no vas a preguntarnos cómo nos fue en el viaje?—Le llamó la atención el señor Combs, el rubio rodó los ojos terminando de masticar su bocado. —Disculpen, ¿cómo les fue en Inglaterra?—Preguntó con cierto fastidio, no quería hablar de ello porque sabía lo que pasaría después. Aunque hubiera sido obligado su madre se veía muy feliz ante la pregunta. —Nos fue excelente cariño, todas las noches teníamos una cena con una familia distinta. Además nos llevaron a bailes aunque…sigue siendo algo deprimente ver como se aferran a sus costumbres y no pueden pagarlas. Muy bien, ahora el rubio teñido tenía algo de curiosidad a que se refería su madre.—¿Cómo que no pueden pagarlas?—Hasta donde sabía la mayoría de los nobles ingleses eran asquerosamente ricos. —Bueno Jonathan, la guerra los afecto mas de lo que creían.—Murmuró su padre antes de dar un sorbo al vino.—Eso sumado a las malas inversiones y a que algunos no conocen la palabra \"ahorro\".—Se notaba la burla en la voz del señor Combs, eso siempre hacía que a Jonathan se le revolviera el estómago.—Muchos están por perder sus viviendas, y otros quedaran simplemente con su título de duques, lores, condes, o el que fuera pero siendo pobres. El mas joven no se había imaginado que algo así pudiera pasarle a aquellas personas tan orgullosas, pero suponía que era un riesgo al tener tanto poder a su cargo sin pensar en el futuro. —Vaya desgracia.—Susurró mientras volvía a tomar un bocado. —En efecto, por eso te hemos comprometido con una heredera inglesa.—Menciono Frank como si estuviera hablando del clima. El heredero casi se ahogaba, comenzó a toser mirando a sus padres con el rostro rojo tanto por sus esfuerzos de toser y por la ira. —¡¿Cómo que me comprometieron?!—Gritó levantándose de su asiento. Justamente había querido evitar escucharlos hablar de que debían hacer un compromiso pronto, pero ni habían tenido la decencia de preguntar su opinión o de avisar sus planes, simplemente lo habían hecho. Claramente su tono de voz no le agradó para nada al señor Combs. —¡Mas respeto Jonathan!—También se levantó de su silla, aun le sacaba algunos centímetros a su hijo.—Lo hicimos pensando en ti. —¿En mí o en ustedes?—Respondió el teñido frunciendo el ceño. —¡Jonathan ya basta!—Le regaño su madre interponiéndose entre ambos hombres.—Lo hicimos para asegurar tu futuro, ahora no solo serás rico sino que también tendrás un buen título frente a la corona inglesa y salvaremos a una familia de la ruina. Jonathan se quedó callado sentándose en su silla, ¿qué mas podía hacer? Ya lo habían hecho, ya habían pactado y otra familia estaba esperanzada con poder salir de la ruina. ¿Por qué no pudo nacer en una familia común donde el decidiera con quien casarse? Al parecer era mucho pedir, soltó un suspiro pasando sus manos por su rostro. Los mayores se relajaron volviendo a sus asientos para tomar el tema con calma. —Ella se llama Magill Nacy Pemberton, es una adorable chica aunque es muy callada y tranquila. Tiene tu misma edad. Jonathan mínimo agradecía que no fuera una chica loca por las compras y que metiera sus narices donde nadie le llamaba, aunque para ser sinceros no sonaba como el tipo de chica que el prefería. —Adorable es una forma de decir que no es hermosa.—Murmuró Frank recibiendo una mirada de advertencia por parte de su esposa. —No será una belleza que haga que el rey se hinque ante ella, pero a mi parecer es muy linda. Jonathan solamente rodó los ojos dando otro sorbo a su copa de vino, no le importaba si era linda o no, solamente quería saber cuándo empezaría su condena. —Muy bien, cómo sea, ¿cuándo tendré que conocerla?—Preguntó el rubio con curiosidad. —En un mes iremos a Inglaterra. Febrero 24 de 1923, Yorkshire. 6:30 a.m Un castaño de ojos verdes cortaba vegetales mientras intentaba que sus ojos no se cerraran, desde el día anterior había estado limpiando, cocinando, cortando y siguiendo las órdenes que la cocinera le daba. Él era un simple ayudante de cocina, a pesar de contar con 19 años era de baja estatura y con una apariencia infantil, razón por la que no podía aspirar a ser un lacayo y mucho menos a mayordomo. Además aquel chico prefería trabajar en las cocinas, de esa manera se sentía mas cómodo en el anonimato de sus señores y en general de todo el mundo, sin embargo lo malo era que tenía que levantarse mas temprano para ayudar en la preparación del desayuno del resto de los sirvientes antes de seguir con el de la familia Pemberton. Puso los vegetales en la olla mientras que escuchaba los pasos de los demás sirvientes al bajar, al ser ellos la servidumbre sus habitaciones, cocinas y áreas para realizar trabajos específicos eran en la zona inferior de la gran propiedad. —¡Vamos Sock! O estaremos haciendo tarde el almuerzo.—Le alentaba a seguir la cocinera, una mujer con ojos algo amarillentos y cabellos oscuros que en ocasiones parecían ser morados, sin duda Providence, la cocinera era una mujer muy exótica al igual que las comidas que practicaba usándolos a ellos como catadores. —Ya voy.—Fue la respuesta del castaño mientras se apresuraba a poner la tetera en la mesa de madera comenzando a servir el té para cada sirviente, no pasó mucho para que estos comenzaran a bajar y a tomar asiento en la mesa de su comedor. Una vez que estuvieron todos Sock y Providence también se sentaron a su lado disfrutando de un instante de paz antes de verse envueltos con las difíciles tareas que tendrían aquel día ajetreado. —Muy bien, saben que al señor Pemberton le gusta que todo este hecho a la perfección y hoy es un día importante por lo que, todos debemos de comportarnos.—Recordó Mephistopheles, un hombre de 36 años de cabellos anaranjados que siempre usaba juegos de palabras, era el mayordomo. Todos asintieron a excepción de una rubia quien hacía muecas de molestia. —¿De verdad van a comprometer a Lil con un yanqui idiota?—Preguntó Jojo alzando una ceja aun sin poder creer la decisión de sus amos. Mephistopheles soltó un suspiro antes de ver a la joven sirvienta.—Jojo aunque seas amiga de la señorita Magill recuerda llamarla con propiedad cuando estés en su presencia, y sí, es eso o que todos nosotros perdamos nuestro trabajo. Tras la guerra la situación económica de la familia se había ido en picada, como consecuencia los lores habían tenido que despedir a varios sirvientes quedando únicamente el mayordomo, la cocinera y su ayudante, dos sirvientas y una doncella, aunque una de las sirvientas vivía en otro lado junto con la doncella quien era su hermana. —Lo que sucede es que Jojo está celosa.—Murmuró Sock antes de darle un sorbo a su té mirando a la rubia con malicia, esta le devolvió una mirada de odio. —No estoy celosa Napoleón.—Le llamó por su verdadero nombre ocasionando que el chico estuviera a punto de ahogarse con su bebida.—¿Por qué tendría que estarlo? —Fácil, porque te gusta Magill.—Aquella respuesta por parte del castaño ocasiono que las mejillas de la sirvienta adoptaran un tono rojizo. —¡No me gusta Lil! Solo…somos amigas.—Murmuró tras una pausa desviando la mirada. —Claaaro, y yo soy un lord.—Fue la respuesta de Sock antes de levantarse de la mesa a ir a ayudar a Providence a comenzar el desayuno de sus señores. —¡Eres un idiota Sowachowski!—Fue el último grito de la rubia antes de tomar sus cosas e irse escaleras arriba para terminar los arreglos en las habitaciones de los invitados. Sock se quedó un instante con una sonrisa, adoraba hacer molestar a Jojo con ello aunque todos sabían que aunque Lil llegara a corresponder aquellos sentimientos ellas jamás estarían juntas. Así funcionaba el mundo en ese momento. El resto de la mañana el castaño se mantuvo ocupado ayudando con la cena, sin embargo tuvo un momento de descanso donde aprovecho para salir al jardín trasero encontrándose con el mayordomo, Mephistopheles, este sonrió acercándose a Sock antes de mirar a su alrededor asegurándose de que nadie estuviera ahí. —¿Y bien? Anoche no te oí llegar niño, ¿cómo te fue con el trabajo?—Alzó una ceja admirando la sonrisa en el rostro del castaño. —Me fue bien, dile al tal Peterson que no volverá a ser amenazado por aquel sujeto.— Sock podía parecer un simple ayudante de cocina, torpe, débil e infantil pero la realidad era que tenía un lado oscuro. Desde que era niño tenía aquellos deseos asesinos, había comenzado con simples animales pero tras conocer a aquel hombre de cabellos naranjas ahora podía asesinar personas recibiendo una recompensa además de la satisfacción de ver un cuerpo desmembrado, una cabeza cercenada o simplemente sus manos llenas de sangre. Por obvias razones eso era un secreto que jamás debía llegar a oídos de otras personas. —Muy bien, sabía que lo harías niño. Aquí tienes tu paga.—Prosiguió el mayor a darle la mitad de la recompensa, el castaño tomó el pequeño saco de cuero rojo guardándolo entre su chaleco y su camisa.—Y también un nuevo trabajo que espero que cumplas con el mayor cuidado. —Vamos Mephistopheles, sabes que nunca te he decepcionado. ¿Ahora de quien se trata? El mayordomo sonrió con maldad.—Si tú lo dices. De Frank Combs. -.-.-.- Los personajes no me pertenecen son de Erica Wester, yo solo los uso para satisfacer mi necesidad de ponerlos en un AU y shippearlos. Se que no quedó bien pero apenas es mi primer fanfic de w2h además debía sacarme esa idea de la cabeza.[Chapter 2] The only hope Capítulo 2: La honorable familia Pemberton I Febrero 24 de 1923, Yorkshire. 9:30 a.m El pequeño ayudante de cocina se estaba encargando de cocinar el postre favorito de la señora Pemberton, pastel de cerezas, algo demasiado fácil para las habilidosas manos del castaño sirviente por lo que podía darse el lujo de pensar en los hechos ocurridos hace apenas unas horas. Se había encontrado con el mayordomo, Mephistopheles a quien llegaba a considerar un padre para él. Sock no era huérfano, pero sus padres lo habían repudiado desde que tenía diez años dejándolo solo. Pasó unos cuantos años en las calles de aquel pequeño pueblo, sobreviviendo apenas hasta que se encontró con aquel hombre alto de barbas anaranjadas. Sock aun podía recordarlo a la perfección, como aquel hombre le había encontrado por la noche con sus manos llenas de sangre tras haber asesinado a otra inocente ardilla, el chico había esperado una exclamación de horror o asco hasta una patada pero en lugar de eso Mephistopheles soltó una suave risa. Tras ello, y con una gran sonrisa en el rostro, le pregunto si no era mejor asesinar personas recibiendo como respuesta que el niño alzara sus hombros ya que no tenía conocimientos de esas acciones. \" Yo te enseñare\" Había dicho aquel hombre antes de tomarlo en brazos. Le llevó hasta la mansión Pemberton donde le alimento y le aseo, no tardaron mucho en formar un lazo volviéndose amigos o, como a Mephistopheles le gustaba decir, socios en el crimen. Desde entonces su vida parecía tener sentido, el mayordomo era su amigo pero también lo consideraba como un padre. No había tenido miedo de el, todo lo contrario, le apoyaba en todo por lo que el castaño no se quejaba de su segundo trabajo, en realidad lo adoraba. Pero ahora Sock se encontraba algo confundido por su nuevo encargo, más que nada por las razones, ¿por qué debía asesinar al futuro suegro de la señorita Magill? \"Para que la fortuna Combs caiga en sus manos lo más pronto posible\" Le había contestado Mephistopheles, si el señor Combs moría entonces su hijo recibiría todo y Magill podría hacer uso de aquel dinero siendo influenciada por su padre. Su propio señor estaba dispuesto a dejar viuda una mujer solo por dinero. —Que patético— Murmuró el castaño mientras que comenzaba a rellenar el pastel. +.+.+.+.+ Un auto se estaciono frente a la puerta de la mansión Pemberton, en el había tres personas mas el chofer de la familia. Los señores Permberton, Walter, un hombre de aproximadamente 49 años de edad, de cabellos negros con partes blancas haciendo notar su edad y de gran cuerpo vestía un sencillo traje azul oscuro con un chaleco negro y una corbata de color blanca, a su lado con una falsa sonrisa en el rostro se encontraba Marie, una mujer de 47 años de piel morena y ojos verdes oscuros, usaba un vestido de un tono rojizo. Finalmente estaba Magill Nancy, la hija del matrimonio Pemberton sacando la mayoría de los atributos de su madre pero con el genio de su padre, hacía una mueca y usaba un vestido verde con zapatos a juego aunque se notaba su incomodidad. Junto a la familia se encontraba Mephistopheles, Joane y una de las doncellas. Al no tener otros lacayos el mayordomo se vio en la tarea de bajar las maletas de la familia Combs mientras que el chofer ayudaba a Anne a bajar del auto demostrando sus modales. —¡Marie, querida!—La estadounidense se acercó a la aristocrática mujer morena dándole un abrazo. Esta se quedó un momento en shock antes de corresponder y besar una de las mejillas de su próxima familiar. Se notaba que los Pemberton estaban incomodos con los estadounidenses. —Anne, que agradable volver a verte a ti y a Frank.—Respondió la mujer manteniendo un tono de dulzura. —El gusto es nuestro, es un placer que hayan aceptado mi propuesta de que los jóvenes se conozcan.—Frank sonrió estrechando la mano de Walter, el inglés intercambio algunas palabras con el hombre por mera educación. —Hablando de eso, pero que educación la mía.—La señora Combs se giró mirando a su hijo quien no tardo en acercarse a ellos con una clara de expresión de aburrimiento en su rostro. Jonathan había aceptado pero no por ello actuaría como que estaba complacido con ese matrimonio arreglado.—Este es mi hijo, Jonathan Combs. —Magill, preséntate.—La señora Pemberton tomo la mano de su hija para alejarla. La emoción de ambos jóvenes era la misma, totalmente nula. —Soy Magill Nancy Pemberton, un gusto en conocerte.—Ambos prometidos estrecharon sus manos, Jonathan besó la mejilla de la chica por mera cortesía. —Muy bien, dejen que nuestra sirvienta les muestre sus habitaciones.—Joane se acercó a la familia estadounidense haciendo un gesto para que la siguieran. Se notaba a leguas que aquella familia no era bien recibida en la mansión. +.+.+.+.+ —Y aquí será tú habitación, futuro heredero de esta casa.—Jojo chasqueo la lengua mirando a Jonathan con disgusto. Había sido el último en enseñarle su habitación, supuestamente debía estar feliz por la aparición de aquella familia que salvaría a sus señores de la pobreza y a ellos de quedar desempleados pero la rubia simplemente no podía hacerlo. En primera porque con eso iban a sacrificar la felicidad de su querida amiga, y en segunda, porque a pesar de que el tiempo estaba obligándolos a ser mas abiertos aun había ciertos prejuicios en contra de los estadounidenses. —Gracias.—Fue la seca respuesta del heredero Combs dejando sus maletas, había evitado que aquel extraño mayordomo las tomara.—¿Sabes? Créeme que esta idea de casarme tampoco es lo que yo quisiera. La sirvienta puso los ojos en blanco.—Eso no me importa, lo que me importa es que no seas un desgraciado con Lil. —¿Lil? —Magill.—La rubia comenzó a caminar hacía la puerta mirando al chico con desprecio.—Te odio, y se cómo son los de tu tipo, solo la usaras como esposa trofeo o como una tapadera mientras que tú andarás con tus amantes y ella no podrá quejarse o dejarás a la familia en la ruina.—Murmuró antes de salir de la habitación dando un portazo. Jonathan se quedó por un momento sin poder entender lo que acababa de suceder. ¿Amantes? ¿Esposa trofeo? Vamos que el solo quería algo de paz y tranquilidad en su vida, además no se consideraba como una persona capaz de enamorarse…Prefería no serlo, así sería mejor aceptar su destino de un matrimonio vacío que uno donde sufriera por amor. Tras pensar en ello el ojiazul fue a darse un baño para estar presentable en la cena, ya de por sí los juzgaban por su nacionalidad por lo menos que vieran que no eran unos salvajes. Mientras se duchaba no podía evitar pensar en las cosas que aquella sirvienta le había dicho, la chica había parecido molesta con el…pero también había detectado algo en su voz, ¿rabia? No, eso no era ¿desprecio? Un poco pero no…Cierto, eran celos. ¿Pero celos de qué? Quizás de la estabilidad económica de su familia, se sabía que los sirvientes solían soñar con mayor razón al ver de cerca las vidas que sus señores mantenían. Salió de la ducha continuando con el hilo de sus pensamientos, solo podían ser celos de aquello a menos que a esa chica le gustará su prometida, es decir, hasta la había llamado por un mote pero la homosexualidad estaba mal vista. Al parecer se estaba metiendo en algo terriblemente enfermo. Jonathan salió del cuarto de baño encontrándose con alguien en su cuarto, era un chico de cabellos castaños que le daba la espalda ya que parecía estar encendiendo el fuego en la chimenea, sus ropas constaban de un pantalón negro informal, una camiseta blanca de botones y…¿tenía una falda extremadamente corta por encima de esos pantalones? Parte de su cabello estaba cubierto por un gorro rojo. El rubio teñido carraspeo mientras que se acomodaba mejor la bata de baño, el sonido llamó la atención del joven sirviente quien se volteó rápidamente con una expresión nerviosa ya que no esperaba encontrarse al heredero Combs ahí. —¿Se puede saber que estás haciendo?—Preguntó Jonathan con una ceja alzada. El chico parecía unos cuantos años menor que el, tenía unos ojos verdes impresionantes y un rostro demasiado infantil. El chico dudo un momento, quizás por los nervios.—Ehh estaba encendiendo el fuego. Al igual que su rostro su voz era algo infantil.—Me refería a hacer eso sin pedir permiso. —¡Oh! Lo siento, en realidad la sirvienta me llamó diciéndome que usted no se encontraba en la habitación y que debía prender el fuego.—Se excusó comenzando a levantarse para caminar hacia la puerta.—Siento las molestias. —Espera.—Jonathan se acercó a el inspeccionándolo con la mirada, aquello puso algo nervioso al castaño.—Si eres un sirviente ¿por qué no estabas en la recepción? —¿Hmm? Oh no, yo usualmente trabajo en la cocina y no se nos permite subir mas que para realizar otras tareas debido al corte del personal.—Explicó el sirviente con mas calma. —Entiendo, bueno puedes irte pero la próxima toca.—El chico asintió antes de cerrar la puerta. Vaya niño más raro. +.+.+.+.+ Sock soltó un suspiro de alivio tras salir de la habitación del heredero Combs. Ya se las pagaría Jojo por haberlo engañado y decirle que esa era la habitación de Frank Combs, si aquel rubio teñido no hubiera aparecido entonces probablemente no habría llegado a cenar. Chasqueo la lengua escondiendo aquellos frascos pequeños con líquidos verdosos en los bolsillos de su falda. Por poco y aquel chico moría por gases venenosos. +.+.+.+.+ Magill Nancy se encontraba en su habitación sentada frente a su tocador terminando de arreglar su cabello, lo había agarrado en una coleta dejando dos mechones libres al lado de su rostro. Se miró en el espejo haciendo una mueca, odiaba usar vestidos tan formales pero no tenía otra opción dada la naturaleza de la cena que tendría lugar en algunos minutos. Aun recordaba cuando había conocido a los señores Combs, la mujer era muy amable mientras que el esposo era demasiado soberbio, justo como su propio padre. Su matrimonio sería como todos los demás, un simple acuerdo para hacerse ricos y para ganar títulos de la nobleza. Había deseado que el tal Jonathan no estuviera de acuerdo, algo tonto considerando que a pesar de ser mayores de edad no tenían voz ni voto en esa decisión, solo le había quedado el rezar porque su prometido no fuera un machista o un mal hombre. Aún no le conocía bien por lo que no podía juzgarlo pero, a decir verdad, el chico estadounidense le había parecido algo lindo. Mordió su labio inferior negando con la cabeza para alejar aquellos pensamientos, estaba mal comenzar a creer en su atractivo o terminaría en una situación peligrosa enamorándose. El sonido de tres golpes en la puerta sobresaltó a la morena, murmuró un \"Adelante\" ya que se imaginaba de quien se trataba. La puerta se abrió revelando la figura de la joven sirvienta de cabellos rubios quien tenía una clara expresión de molestia en su rostro. \"Vaya novedad\" Pensó Lil mientras que se giraba a su amiga. Jojo siempre estaba molesta, ya fuera por el ayudante de cocina que parecía que tenían odio mutuo o por todas las tareas que debía realizar en la gran mansión. —Jojo, me alegra verte.—Sonrió Lil recibiendo una pequeña sonrisa por parte de su amiga. —A mí también…—Respondió dejando las palabras al aire. —¿Sucede algo?—Preguntó la morena levantándose del pequeño banco de su tocador. La sirvienta parecía pensárselo un momento, jugueteaba nerviosamente con su mandil blanco.—Solo…¿qué te parece tu prometido? Magill estaba un poco preocupada por su amiga, no era común que actuara con tanto nerviosismo y menos con la voz baja.—Pues no le he conocido lo suficiente, pero no parece ser un mal chico. —Entiendo —¿Jojo? La rubia alzó el rostro encontrándose con los ojos verdes de la joven.—¿Si? —¿Todo bien? Asintió mordiendo su labio inferior.—Sí, solo estaba pensando…Ah ya debe de bajar, sus padres ya se encuentran en la sala.—Anunció saliendo de la habitación lo mas pronto posible. Jojo salió sintiendo un sabor amargo en la boca, sentía que algo malo iba a ocurrir. Los personajes no me pertenecen son de Erica Wester, yo solo los uso para satisfacer mi necesidad de ponerlos en un AU y shippearlos. Gracias a todos por leer. Espero que les este gustando la historia, se que no hay mucho romance y todo eso pero apenas estamos empezando. Finalmente les agradezco mucho el que lean, voten y dejen comentarios, me hace muy feliz c: ","Summary":" The only hope Capítulo 1 Siempre creímos que las cosas mantendrían el mismo ritmo, hasta que la gue"},{"Movie":"Virgin Suicides","Title":"Fin de tout","Author":"hendrixmoskva","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8814392","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Je m'appelle Cecilia Lisbon. J'ai 13 ans. Et il m'arrive quelque chose d'affreux. A seulement 13 ans, je suis déjà amoureuse. Il est inscrit au lycée que je fréquente depuis toujours. Nous n'avons aucun cours en commun en dehors de l' première fois que je l'ai vu, je l'ai trouvé ridicule, avec ses cheveux de fille. Ils lui cachent toujours le visage. Il est fin comme une baguette et donc incapable de se défendre. Quand il est arrivé, il savait à peine parler anglais. Je le repoussais toujours quand il essayait de me parler. Je n'aime pas vraiment qu'on me parle. Une fois cependant je ne l'ai pas repoussé. Nous avons parlé. Il m'a semblé, lors de notre première conversation, le connaître depuis toujours. Maintenant, tout chez lui me fascine : son habilité à apprendre rapidement n'importe quoi, comme la langue anglaise, ses progrès en quelques mois étaient juste époustouflants, ses cheveux, qui lui donnent l'air mignon et fragile, sa maigreur qui affirme l'impression de fragilité qu'il dégage, ses longs doigts et ses jambes fines, son rire enfantin, le plus magnifique son jamais produit, son accent russe, tout est parfait chez lui. Je m'ennuie tellement à l'école, piur moi, y aller est un supplice, mais il me donnait envie d'y aller. L'anglais était devenue ma matière favorite, je n'en pouvais plus d'attendre ces heures si précieuses. Je suis la seule à avoir une chambre seule, mes sœurs en partagent deux autres. Dans cette chambre autrefois uniquement garnie de babioles et de peluches, s'entassent maintenant des livres de Tolstoi. Je les emprunte en cachette à la bibliothèque . Mes parents considèrent les russes comme la pire des vermines, une menace pour la grande patrie américaine. Mais l'une de ces menaces est devenue ma raison de me lever le matin, de me laver, de paraître la plus mignonne possible pour aller au lycée, particulièrement les jours où j'ai cours d'anglais. Cette menace m'a remarqué, il m'a parlé, alors que je suis la sœur bizarre. Je n'ai pas la beauté de Lux ou l'intelligence de Therese, mais il me fait me sentir spéciale. Mais il m'a poussé à l'ignominie. Dieu ne me pardonnera jamais. Maman avait maintes fois répété à Lux que cela rendait sourd et que c'était immoral. Lux de toute façon n'écoutait jamais Maman. Je me suis endormie après avoir péché, immédiatement après. Le lendemain, je suis allée le voir, je pensais que j'était le moment de tout lui dire. De plus, c'était le dernier jour d'école. Il est venu en premier. Mes jambes tremblaient, le fait que je sois restée debout relevait du miracle. Il m'a donné un petit papier, et m'a souhaité de bonnes vacances. La destinataire n'était pas moi, mais Lux. Maintenant, de l'eau chaude coule dans la baignoire. Je suis fatiguée de pleurer, j'ai horriblement mal à la tête. Horizontal ou vertical ? J'essaie de me souvenir quelle est le sens mortel. Je remonte mes manches, la peau de mes poignets est si tendre. Je pose le rasoir dessus, j'appuie, je le fais glisser le long de mon bras. Le sang coule, pas autant que je l'aurais espéré. Je recommence avec mon autre bras, je me déshabille. Je me glisse dans la baignoire. Repos éternel, viens à moi.[Chapter 2] Je m'appelle Lux Lisbon, j'ai 14 ans. A cause de moi, une personne est déjà morte. Trois autres vont bientôt mourir. J'ai ruiné la vie de mes quatre sœurs. Ma petite sœur, Cecilia, est morte par ma faute. Après sa première tentative, elle a arrêté de me parler. Ses bracelets scotchés aux poignets me rappelaient chaque jour ce que je lui ai fait. Quel genre de monstre ravit à sa petite sœur son premier amour platonique ? Ce n'était pas voulu, mais c'est arrivé. Elle n'a même pas essayé de se raisonner après sa première tentative. Elle a fini empalée sur la clôture, dans cette vieille robe de mariée qu'elle ne quittait jamais. La mort de ma soeur m'a détruite. Il fut un temps où, c'est vrai, j'avais complètement oublié son absence. A cause de Trip Fontaine. Il me rendait complètement folle, j'avais l'impression de compter pour quelqu'un, jusqu'à ce jour où il m'a laissée sur le terrain de football, emportant mon innocence avec lui. Elle n'était pas véritablement intacte, mais ce n'était pas la même chose ! Lui, je l'aimais vraiment. Après cette nuit, mes sœurs furent enfermées. A cause de moi, qui ne suis pas rentrée à l'heure. Moi aussi, je fus enfermée, mais c'était entièrement de ma faute. J'ai rendu mon père fou, en poussant Cecilia au suicide. Il n'était plus en phase avec la réalité. il se renfermait sur lui même, et parlait uniquement à ses plantes. Maman avait beau être la plus stricte possible, notre maison n'était plus qu'un taudis. Il me fallait un échappatoire, et je n'ai pas choisi le plus chaste ni le moins risqué. Je ne connaissais pas le nom de ces garçons, ni leur âge. Mais même par le froid glacial de Janvier ou Février, j'avais besoin de les rencontrer, sur le toit, malgré les observateurs peu discrets d'en face. De toute façon, je ne dormais plus, donc j'avais tout mon temps. Je ne mangeais plus non plus, puisque Maman ne cuisinait plus. Elle faisait même très rarement les courses. Quand j'ai feint une indigestion afin de voir un médecin, Mary a cru que j'avais bu du lait avarié. Il fallait que je trouve un prétexte pour aller chez le médecin. Je connais très bien mon cycle, et n'importe quel retard m'inquiétait plus que tout. Un jour, dans un dernier élan d'espoir, malgré mon malheur, j'ai proposé à mes sœurs de contacter les voyeurs d'en face, qui avaient été d'ailleurs invités à la soirée organisée le jour de la mort de Cecilia. Maintenant, ils attendent dans le salon. J'ai fermé la porte du garage. J'ai pris les clés de la voiture de Maman. Je démarre la voiture, mais je n'irai nulle part cette nuit. Je vais juste faire une petite sieste, sans fin.[Chapter 3] Je m'appelle Bonnie, j'ai 15 ans. Je n'aime pas vraiment l'école. A part les cours de biologie. J'adore la nature, j'adore les animaux. J'aimerais voyager dans le monde entier afin de pouvoir admirer de mes propres yeux chaque animal et chaque plante que Dieu a crée. Il faut d'abord que je finisse le lycée, puis l'université. Même si chacun de ces projets sont fortement compromis. Moi et mes trois sœurs, Lux, Marie et Therese sommes enfermées dans notre maison depuis des mois. A cause de Lux, dit Therese. Elle lui répète souvent que tout est de sa faute. Elle l'insulte, même. Elle pense que Lux finira telle Marie-Madeleine. En effet, Lux n'est plus pure et immaculée comme la première neige de l'hiver avant qu'on sale les routes. C'est pour cela, en gros, que nous sommes enfermées depuis plusieurs mois. Mais j'ai trouvé un moyen de ne plus être totalement enfermée. J'ai décidé de commander des catalogues de voyage. Mes sœurs les regardent avec moi le soir, sauf Therese qui trouve ces catalogues stupides. Les destinations qui me font le plus rêver ? Il y a le moyen orient. Il y a peu de plantes et d'animaux, et surtout du sable, mais les chameaux, les immenses dunes, les châteaux de princes arabes, tout cela a l'air magnifique. Les vêtements des femmes sont particulièrement jolis, très loin des robes que nous portons, plus révélateurs aussi. Sûrement car le climat est plus chaud, car les habitants du moyen orient sont très pieux. Ils n'ont pas le même Dieu que nous, mais peu importe ? L'important, c'est de croire en Dieu, non ? Et puis, ils ne mangent pas de porc. J'aimerais être végétarienne. J'aime tellement les animaux, je ne comprend pas qu'on puisse vouloir leur faire du mal en les consommant. L'Amérique du sud me paraît aussi très intéressante, avec les forêts tropicales, les montagnes, la pampa argentine, la cuisine mexicaine ... Je n'ai jamais eu l'occasion d'en déguster, Maman n'aime pas ce qui vient du Mexique. Elle n'aime pas tellement le fait que certains mexicains passent la frontière. Mais je n'ai jamais vu de mexicain en vrai, uniquement aux informations. Nous avons surtout des italiens près de chez nous. Je rêve de voyages, d'animaux, de devenir végétarienne, mais aucun de mes rêves ne peut se réaliser. Je suis confinée dans une chambre avec mes sœurs et je n'ai pratiquement rien à manger. Aujourd'hui, c'est le moment. Le moment de quitter ce monde, et d'enfin pouvoir voyager à loisir dans cet autre monde parallèle qu'on atteint après la mort. La corde est solide. Le lustre l'est encore plus. Je sais faire des nœuds aussi solides que la corde et le lustre réunis. J'attache la corde au lustre. je monte sur la chaise, je passe la corde autour de mon cou, je pousse la chaise avec mes pieds. Adieu Michigan, bonjour Bagdad, Buenos aires, Mexico.[Chapter 4] Je m'appelle Mary, j'ai 16 ans. Toute ma vie, j'ai rêvé d'être populaire. C'est mon but ultime. Je veux être jolie et aimée comme les cheerleaders de mon lycée, porter leur uniforme, sortir boire un milkshake avec mon petit ami quarterback. Chaque jour, je côtoie la chef des cheerleaders car elle est dans la même classe que moi dans presque toutes les matières. J'envie ses tenues parfaites, ses cheveux soyeux, ses ongles impeccables, ses longues jambes. Je fais du mieux que je peux pour m'habiller avec goût. Mes cheveux sont horribles, surtout comparés à ceux de mes sœurs. Ils sont presque châtain, alors que mes sœurs sont blondes. Mes ongles sont plutôt corrects, mais je n'ai pour les entretenir qu'un ciseau. J'aimerais tellement avoir une lime et du vernis. J'achète du maquillage en cachette, que je porte également en cachette, car mon père est professeur dans le lycée où j'étudie. Au début de l'année scolaire, après le suicide de ma sœur Cecilia, j'avais décidé de prendre un nouveau départ dans la vie. Je suis allée m'inscrire à l'audition pour devenir moi aussi une des cheerleaders de l'école. J'y suis allée, et j'ai donné tout ce que j'avais. Après avoir fini ma démonstration, j'ai passé le pire moment de ma vie. On m'a dit que j'étais hideuse. Que je ressemblais à un effrayant travesti, car, étant la sœur laide, Dieu m'a faite avec du duvet au dessus de la lèvre. Du duvet brun. Ma mère a trouvé la cire dont je me servais pour le retirer. Après cet épisode humiliant, je suis sortie du gymnase. Le pire était en fait encore à venir. Grâce à Lux, nous avons eu la chance de pouvoir aller au bal. Lux avait encore plus de chance que nous autres ses sœurs, car elle y allait au bras de Trip Fontaine. Il n'y a pas plus beau que lui sur terre. Je savais qu'il nous avait trouvé des cavaliers à chacune, mais qui ? Quand le grand moment fut venu, avec Maman, nous sommes allées choisir des robes pour le bal. Mais une fois à la maison, Maman s'employa à les retoucher. Au moment de les essayer, nous nous rendîmes compte qu'elles étaient maintenant identiques et un peu trop larges, et un peu trop grandes. Quand les garçons furent là, ma déception fut complète en voyant les amis de Trip. Vraiment pas à mon goût. Quand nous sommes arrivés dans le gymnase, je n'ai jamais eu autant honte de ma vie, dans mon horrible robe, avec mon duvet, parmi mes jolies sœurs et les magnifiques filles du lycée. De plus, au lieu de rentrer à l'heure, Lux a consommé sa relation avec Trip sur le terrain de football. Ma jalousie était totale. La pureté et l'abstinence ne sont rien pour moi, Dieu m'a faite laide, je lui en veut, même si mon éducation fut strictement religieuse, j'emmerde Dieu. Je l'emmerde pour ne pas m'avoir fait naître dans une famille normale avec un physique avenant. Mais maintenant, mon apparence ne compte plus Ma tête sera bientôt carbonisée. Laideur, disparaît.[Chapter 5] Je m'appelle Therese, j'ai 17 ans. Ma petite sœur s'est suicidée. Tout le monde pense que cela me rend triste. Mais il n'en est rien. Je détestais Cecilia. Je la déteste toujours. A cause d'elle, notre famille passe pour une famille de bonobos, tout juste bonne à être critiquée et observée. Tout ça à cause de Cecilia incapable de faire comme le commun des mortels. Elle ne pouvait pas s'habiller comme tout le monde, non, elle était obligée de porter cette immonde robe de mariée tous les jours de la semaine. Après sa mort, qui fut un contentement pour moi, Lux décida d'encore plus ruiner notre maudite vie. Elle a couché avec ce Trip Fontaine après le bal. Comment peut on coucher avant le mariage ? C'est complètement indécent. Elle ne travaillait même pas correctement au lycée. Alors que mon rêve, c'est d'intégrer une université prestigieuse. Je visais Yale ou Princeton. Je visais, je visais, car à cause de cette péripatéticienne gratuite qu'est Lux, nous voilà confinées dans cette maison de malheur pour le reste de nos pauvres jours. Je voulais devenir médecin, prouver que la science et la foi étaient compatibles, et surtout pour une femme. Je voulais être un modèle d'intégrité, de piété et de réussite pour la génération future. Mais ma mère nous a retirées du lycée, me voilà condamnée à n'être plus rien. Tout ça à cause de Cecilia et de Lux. De plus, une bande de gamins du quartier nous surveille. Lux leur a envoyé des signes, et maintenant ils se sentent pousser des ailes et veulent nous secourir. Qu'ils ne perdent pas leur temps, ils sont stupides, et c'est déjà trop tard. Une gorgée de gin, deux, trois, la bouteille entière. Un, deux, trois somnifères. Ce ne sera pas suffisant, prenons la plaquette entière, je connais les effets de l'alcool et des médicaments combinés. Adieu monde vierge de réussite pour moi, je m'en vais, je vais me décomposer en poussière, ce sera moins douloureux que d'être réduite à moins que rien à cause d'une folle et d'une nymphomane. ","Summary":" Je m'appelle Cecilia Lisbon. J'ai 13 ans. Et il m'arrive quelque chose d'affreux. A seulement 13 an"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Diamonds in the Dirt","Author":"pingnova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12405425","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was wrong to bury a body without a proper marker. He found it some way into the woods. It wasn't clear if it was marking an overgrown grave or if it was just discarded some time ago. Graveyard keepers didn't have any respect for the waste disposal system and just threw what was unwanted into the woods. Either way, he wasn't above a bit of grave robbing. It was his, now. Whatever name had graced the stone before was mostly worn away by debris and time, but he thought he could make out something like \"H. Holmes.\" All that was really left was the \"me\". It was ironic, so he kept it, carefully deepening the remaining pair of letters with a small sharp trowel in his free time. It felt right that he wouldn't have a name on his headstone. Names were for brothers, mothers, sons, beloveds. He wasn't anything like that. Beloveds and sons didn't kill their parents. He was just Sock, and he wasn't even sure he deserved that. At the very least, he most definitely would not have his birth name hovering above his head for all time. \"me\" would do just fine. Sock's job was simple. He dug graves for the nearby crematory and whoever else wanted their final resting place to be the serene Primrose Cemetery. It looked nice, as far as cemeteries went. Trees enclosed it on all sides, the woods started on the north end. It was small, historical (the home of three famous pilots and, according to his boss, a senator), and quiet. Out of the way, so that the most traffic that traveled the county road nearby was maybe five cars a day. At one time this had been good for him. He didn't need an audience when he buried his parents. And he didn't need anyone watching him off himself after. The moon was full and low to the horizon, throwing him into shadow on one side and light on the other. The light made it easier to dig. It felt like cosmic encouragement. It confirmed that for once, he was doing the right thing. It took some hours to get eight feet down and several across, but the moon was still providing light by the time tossed the shovel to the side and grabbed his knife. One last thing. \"Well old friend, never thought I'd find myself on your business end.\" He gripped the knife and before he could think, pulled it into his chest. With the muscles he had developed from years a grave digging, it wouldn't be difficult to break the skin and muscle, maybe even the bone. Only it wasn't solid bone that stopped the knife. In fact, it never went through a layer of flesh at all. It stopped just before his chest. He couldn't move his arms. Some psychic force force held it back. Jaw clenched, he dropped his arms and threw the knife into the grave. He gripped the ears of his hat and pulled in frustration. This was what he wanted, to be dead. Right? But he didn't find it in him to off himself. How could he, when suddenly, he knew what it felt like to kill. He'd been asleep, but he thought he could remember the thrill. In the moment, it seemed like a dream, but he was standing over his open grave, which lay next to the fresh earth of his parents graves, and knew it couldn't be a dream. If he killed himself, he could never feel that thrill while awake. Not to mention, the whole town was interested in the murder. He had their attention, even if they didn't know it was him. For years he'd had no real friends. He still lived with his parents, for God's sake. His social life was abysmal, no one paid attention to the weird gravedigger. Except now, everyone did. He'd been on the news, in a way. As the victim of his parents' murder, he'd asked to not be included in any news segments, so as Sock Sowachowski, he was still mostly anonymous. But as the killer of his parents, he was the talk of the town. Unbeknownst to anyone but himself, he was Sock Sowachowski: Gravedigger, killer of Parents, no one's Beloved, no longer a Son. He was Sock, and he'd killed his parents. In his sleep. The third person he killed was intentional. His name was Henry. As the local morgue technician, he did everything a normal person did except when he went in to work, he stuck his hands in human bodies legally. Sock knew him as the one whose work was so good, that when he attended his parents' funeral, he couldn't tell that they had been literally cut open and dissected by the figurative legal system. Apparently, he had been part of the local deathcare industry longer than Sock had been digging graves. Which to Sock was saying something, considering it felt like he'd spent a lifetime in the dirt. He thanked Henry for taking care of his parents. Along the way to work, Henry ran into Sock on the long stretch of empty, uninhabited road, looking for what caused a flat in the tire of his bike. Henry offered to help. Henry was really too kind. Henry was dead now, lying in the ditch with a big oblong rock by his head. It was wrong to bury a body without a proper marker. Sock had wanted to see if he could do it. Kill again. Sure, his parents had been a mistake. But this was something he could apparently do in his sleep. A skill so great, it was just bursting out of him. How could he ignore that? The whole world had to see. And it was seeing. He'd caught a news segment on Henry just yesterday. Of course as a kid he'd been a bit notorious for taking small animal life. But humans were another thing entirely. They were bigger, they were smarter, and they were meaner. It was wrong to kill them. Like, really wrong. But it was also really fun. When Henry had struggled and pleaded and moaned, Sock felt so alive. The sky was brighter and his blood was louder and the adrenalin fueled a little giggle. It was like validation rushed out of Henry instead of blood. Sock was coated with it. He could do what he wanted. He could kill if he wanted. He could kill anyone he wanted to. (Except maybe himself.) Henry had a pretty average funeral. Sad slow music, sobbing family, grown adults still calling him \"dad\" when it was their turn to speak. Sock left early to make sure he was at the gravesite on time. When the procession arrived, something caught his eye. As people congregated around the open grave, near the back of the crowd was an unfamiliar face with the most beautiful eyes. They shimmered, but not with tears. They were like blue diamonds set in a totally impassive stone face. As the priest droned, those eyes locked with Sock's, and he found himself smiling with a soft dreamy sigh, even while the face stayed stony. When the crowd dispersed, the family had thrown some dirt on the coffin, and he finished the job, Sock asked his boss, the president of the crematory Mephistopheles, who had the blue diamond eyes. \"That would be Jonathan Combs.\" Mephistopheles shuffled through some papers on his desk, eventually pulling out a newspaper clipping: Henry's obituary. \"The guy who was killed, Henry. He was the morgue technician. They got a new one, that Jonathan kid, from out of town. The Medical Examiner says he's a good kid. Not that he's passed his exams with perfect scores or anything, but that he's got the right attitude about the industry. Seems pretty unflappable.\" \"Yeah…\" Sock agreed with the unflappable-ness. His heart squeezed, wondering what that meant for his love life. The crematorium and morgue were across the street from one another. This meant that the employees from both would often run into each other at one of the few restaurants in the vicinity. That was how Sock met Lil. Lil was a security guard for the morgue. The labs and lockers containing dead bodies were sensitive evidence that had to be protected from tampering or theft. \"They pay me to look spooky and stand by doors,\" she said. \"Sounds lovely,\" Sock joked. She laughed around her burger. Lil wore what most security guards wear. A jacket with some badges, a utility belt with a heavy flashlight and a walkie talkie. She was usually in jeans and black boots when Sock ran into her at lunch. Her hair was perpetually in a ponytail, with a few strands loose. One day she showed up and sat at their table as usual, except there was one big difference. \"What happened to your hair?\" Lil rubbed her hair self-consciously. It was buzzed close to her skin, so it was just a purple shadow on her cranium. \"Boss thought my hair was unprofessional, told me to get it cut.\" Sock frowned. There had been nothing wrong with Lil's hair before, and he said so. Lil sighed. \"Yeah, well tell my boss that. Actually, don't. I need this job.\" She kept rubbing her hair. \"It'll grow back out again,\" Sock said, trying for reassurance. \"I guess.\" It was a quiet lunch hour. Charlotte was Lil's boss, Sock discovered. She was a short but fierce woman, with a shaved head herself. Despite the apparent harshness towards her employees, she had a bad habit of being a Good Samaritan whenever the possibility struck. In the short time Sock observed her, she jumped a couple cars, helped the elderly cross the street, carried groceries for a woman in a wheelchair, and stayed with a lost child until her mother showed up. It was so sweet it was almost sickening. He wondered how someone like that could make Lil cut her hair. No matter. He told the police that he'd made a good friend who had been wronged terribly. They could understand bad people happen to good things, he supposed. Lil was a good thing, and her boss didn't deserve her. He'd been itching to kill again, his letter said. So he decided to give Charlotte what was coming for her. \"The Good Samaritan made one mistake and it followed her to the grave.\" The police found her in her backyard, a stone in the grass at her head. Somebody new joined \"their\" table. At least, Sock considered it his and Lil's table, since they sat there everyday. He'd be more than open to new members, especially given that the person who had just sat down was \"blue diamond eyes\" Jonathan Combs. \"Hey Lil,\" he said. Lil nodded back, staring vacantly at her hamburger. Jonathan sat down and began eating without acknowledging Sock. Which was fine, Sock could initiate greetings. \"Hi!\" Sock offered. Jonathan looked up from his salad, nodded in his direction once, and then went back to eating. Sock frowned. \"You're Jonathan, right?\" Jonathan nodded again. \"I'm Sock!\" Jonathan nodded without looking away from his food. He didn't even raise an eyebrow at the ridiculousness of the name, like Sock normally got. Odd. But then again, when he'd first seen him, it seemed like Jonathan was made of stone, so maybe this was how he normally was. Unflappable. Sock could deal with that. The next lunch, Jonathan was back. Sock dragged him into a grudging conversation about the quality, or lack thereof, of the fast food, which consisted mostly of Sock babbling and Jonathan grunting. Jonathan ate quickly and left just as fast, giving Lil a quick goodbye. Sock cocked his head towards Lil. \"I'm getting the feeling he doesn't like me.\" Lil shrugged good naturedly and quietly replied, \"He's just a sourpuss. He'll warm up.\" \"It's not the grave digging, is it? He saw me at the funeral, he must know that I bury dead bodies for a living. I know that freaks some people out.\" \"Sock,\" Lil gave him a flat look, \"there's no way in hell that's it. Jonathan works at a morgue. He touches dead bodies every day.\" \"Still…\" Stigma runs deep. \"Give him some time. The only reason he warmed up to me is because we see each other every day. He's met you―what? Three times?\" That was true. He just had to keep seeing Jonathan. The morgue was a plain building. With its gray cement exterior, which lacked any decoration whatsoever, it was something obviously built in the utilitarian 60s. Something about the smooth, untouched cement made it look supernaturally out of place, like it was a huge square UFO that plopped itself in a quaint countryside settlement. Sock pushed through the swinging doors and immediately dodged a speeding stretcher. There was a desk with two harried secretaries, each on two phones at once, typing on computers. People in police-looking uniforms stalked across the lobby with legions of scrubbed-up morgue staff in tow. No one paid him any mind. Another stretcher rushed by, this time with a lumpy sheet on top. Sock grinned. That must be a dead body! How cool. What was definitely not cool was the noise and visual chaos of the lobby. He shook his head to clear any thoughts and carefully stepped into the bustle, trying to figure which direction to go. Eventually, he chose the right, where the stretcher with the sheet had gone. He walked quickly, looking determined. No one stopped him until he came to a door at the end of the hallway. He eased it open and found empty flights of stairs. He would go down, he decided. Decent was comforting and familiar, like slowly digging his way down into a grave. Sock certainly felt like he was in a grave. As he hopped down the stairs, it grew colder and darker, even with abundant fluorescent lighting. His footsteps echoed off the smooth cement walls, allowing him the knowledge that he was completely alone, wherever he was. At the bottom of the stairs was a sign before a pair of doors that said \" Labs .\" Jonathan had mentioned that he worked in an autopsy lab, right? Sock took a deep breath and went inside, walking down another hallway lined with large viewing windows. He noticed someone familiar approaching, a purple shadow on their head. Waving, he sped up. Lil would know where to go. Jonathan was beautiful, haloed by the lamp suspended above the table. Like an angel. A collection of sharp utensils was arrayed before him, gleaming with water. Latex gloves covered his hands, there was a mask over his mouth and nose, and he was wearing turquoise scrubs, faded from years of bleaching. He finished sudsing up what looked like a small saw and laid it out to dry with the rest of the equipment. He turned to Sock, who could tell he was frowning under the mask. \"You're not supposed to be in here.\" \"I wanted to see you.\" Sock bounced a bit, grinning. Jonathan sighed and turned around, picking up the washed equipment and walking to a cabinet. \"Go outside and I'll talk when I'm done.\" \"No.\" \"Sock…\" \"Jonathan,\" Sock mocked. \"How did you even get in here?\" Sock shrugged. Once the initial confusion at the chaos wore off, he walked through the halls like he was supposed to be there, and while he got a few looks, probably because of the dirty overalls and boots, no one stopped him until he found Jonathan's lab. Lil had been at the door, on duty. He chatted with her without revealing his intentions to go in the sterile room until she left to go to the bathroom, then he just slipped inside. Jonathan ripped off his gloves and rubbed his forehead. His eyes were ringed with darkness, and for once his stony face showed an emotion: anger. \"I can call security on you, do you really want that?\" Sock wouldn't care either way, it would be worth it to see Jonathan for a little while longer. But he didn't feel well with that anger turned towards him. He swallowed heavily and left, heart shuddering a little. Another day, then. One day, he thought, trudging back through the hallways, those blue diamond eyes wouldn't look at him like he was just dirt in a sterile room. The fourth person he killed was biking along a county road at night, alone, in the dark and quiet. The bike's wheels creaked ever so slightly, which tipped Sock off to the person's presence. He called to them and they stopped to talk, albeit they didn't dismount. Sock smiled and charmed and was all around neighborly until he felt the person had relaxed enough that the muscles wouldn't tense up and make it difficult to get the knife deep in their body. He made sure to lay the bike by their body. Whoever was next of kin would want it. It was a nice bike. He mailed his next letter, which said, in part: \" Ashes to ashes, dust to dust … You can't buy diamonds with dirt.\" Sock snuck in the lab again. \"Sock!\" That was not a happy exclamation. It was how someone would say the name of their dog as it peed on the President of the United States of America's leg. \"I thought I told you to stay out last time,\" Jonathan said. \"You did,\" Sock confirmed. That wasn't going to stop him, though. Jonathan turned his glare to the large viewing window. Sock saw Lil's wide eyes and mischievous smile duck away from the glass. \"Lil let you in?\" Sock nodded. Jonathan grumbled under his breath and rifled through a drawer, emerging with a clipboard. There was a body on one of the tables near the door, covered with a white sheet sansup to the head. Sock recognized the face with a start. It was his latest kill… What was their name again? Come to think of it, he had never caught this person's name. They were just the person with the bike. Well, the person with the bike was all autopsied up, presumably. \"The investigators will be here soon,\" Jonathan warned. \"We have reason to believe there's a big case, now. You really have to leave.\" Before Sock could reply, they both looked to the door as a legion of shoes clopped down the hallway towards Jonathan's lab. Sock ducked behind a cabinet at the back of the room. He peered out at Jonathan, who gave him a grind of the jaw, then turned to welcome the investigators. They discussed the autopsy results at length. It ended up with Jonathan listing a long, clinical description of the injuries. Sock listened intently, fascinated. He couldn't believe so much effort went into studying his kills after the fact. \"The wounds are the same: sharp force injury, deep tissue (full thickness, stage four), 30 centimeters tunneling at 10 o'clock lateral from the left collarbone to above the right kidney. Once the incision cleared the ribcage it went deep in the stomach. The killing injury was the sharp force across the neck, though. That's where arteries were cut and the major blood loss occurred. I'd say this looks like it was done with something resembling a blunt kitchen knife, about 15 to 20 centimeters long. Whoever did this must be fairly strong, given the depth of the wounds despite the blunt blade. Two swings and it was done. That much force belongs to someone with some real muscle.\" Sock grinned. Jonathan admired his muscles. \"Now, the angle of the wounds suggests that the perpetrator is between 5 foot 4 inches to 5 foot 6 inches. That's accurate as long as the victim was standing straight at the time of the attack. Additionally, because of the neck wound, I believe that the perpetrator has hunting knowledge, given that it seems like it's practiced. It's similar to what one would do to bleed out an animal. The frontal slash would primarily stun and incapacitate the victim enough to make the killing blow easier. Any questions?\" The investigators shook their heads mutely and thanked him for his time. Once they left, Sock came out from behind the cabinet. \"Wow, thats some intense stuff.\" Jonathan glared at him. Sock raised his hands in surrender. \"Alright, I'm off.\" Lil nodded to him outside the door. \"He's still angry,\" Sock said, dejected. \"Time,\" was all Lil said, giving him a small smile. Sock was beginning to think maybe she understood why Jonathan was so important to him.[Chapter 2] Today was absolutely, unequivocally the worst day of Sock's life. Jonathan opened today with a particularly venomous \"Get out.\" Which had zero effect on Sock. Jonathan even appealed to Lil in the hallway, asking her to remove Sock, but she just shrugged and kept walking rounds. \"This is probably illegal,\" Jonathan griped, prepping some forms. \"You know you love me.\" Sock grinned, all cheeks. \"I don't love anyone. I am very firmly not in the love arena.\" Sock grew a little cold, and not from the room's refrigeration. \"What?\" \"You heard what I said. I'm not romantically interested in any way. Probably won't ever be.\" Jonathan kept talking but Sock had stopped listening. He couldn't hear over the sound of his heartbeat increasing. Heat rose to his cheeks as he lost feeling in his arms. Not romantically interested? Ever? \"Sock. Sock?\" Sock met Jonathan's eyes. He felt sick. \"Will you leave now?\" Sock nodded and shuffled to the door. With his back turned, he couldn't see Jonathan's face cycle through shock and a bit of worry. The double doors slammed behind him and he was alone in the hallway. Suddenly, he just wanted to go to the graveyard and never come back. Footsteps approached and Sock hoped whoever it was would ignore the open grave and continue without noticing the person inside. \"Are you really sitting in a hole?\" No such luck. \"Yes.\" Grass shushed as Jonathan shuffled to the edge of the hole. Dirt plunked onto Sock's hat when he swung his legs over the edge and took a seat. Sock didn't react. Jonathan would grow bored of watching him wallow in the dirt and then he would leave. Then Sock wouldn't have to try so hard not to look at him, wouldn't be tempted to ask him crazy things, wouldn't worry Jonathan would see his heart fluttering and know. Jonathan had said so himself. He wasn't interested in anyone. But if that was true, then why was he here? \"What do you want?\" Sock finally mumbled. \"You didn't come in today.\" A pause. \"Is everything alright?\" There were a hundred things he could say to that: \"My family is dead because of me.\" \"I'm going to dig graves the rest of my life.\" \"I'm running out of places to hide the bodies.\" \"I fell in love with an emotionless morgue tech.\" What he did say was Everything's fine. To which Jonathan replied with a shrug, and he didn't leave, and Sock rose to his feet and finally faced him. He couldn't believe his gall. Here he was, sitting at the edge of a grave like it was any other park bench, looking perfectly calm and normal with a big sweatshirt over his scrubs and little diamonds in his eyes that drilled a laser hole through his chest where a heart should be. Wind teased his hair. He was here, unmoving, but he wasn't interested in anyone. Wasn't interested in Sock. Probably wasn't even interested in himself. Sock clenched his fists and bit his lower lip as pressure built in his head and behind his eyes. He wasn't going to cry over this boy. He didn't want anything to do with him. \"Go away.\" \"No.\" \"Why not?\" His voice hitched a little. \"I'm not going to leave you alone when you're sitting in a grave marked 'Me'.\" \"I always sit in graves,\" he mumbled. \"You always wanted me to go away and this is your chance. Just leave and you probably won't see me ever again.\" \"Well, yeah, I wanted you to leave…\" Sock huddled against one of the walls, head in his arms. Of course he knew that. \"Woah, hey. What did I say now?\" \"Just what you always have,\" he said to the dark space formed by his arms and legs. \"I said I wanted you to leave. I'm here now because I want to see you. I… I guess I missed you a little bit.\" Sock's face appeared. Jonathan watched his knees as he kicked his legs. \"You missed me?\" \"A little bit.\" Sock's grin felt like it would tear his face apart. Jonathan missed him. The letter he composed that evening was from the exact spot Jonathan had sat, in the red light of sunset once it burnt the clouds away. It told the policemen that there were glimmers of hope for his love and that he wouldn't give up. It said \"I'm going to have his blue diamond eyes and he'll have my heart.\" The policemen would trip over themselves trying to find the hidden message, the references to a new victim, the directions to a body. But they wouldn't find anything, because Sock wasn't making a puzzle out of death this time. No, this time he wouldn't be challenging investigators, but himself. He wanted Jonathan's blue diamond eyes. Maybe someday Jonathan would want Sock's broken heart. Jonathan did something to shake up everyone's routine. His truck pulled up to Primrose Cemetery as Sock was working on another hole. Sock stuck his shovel blade-first in the dirt and cocked his head curiously as Jonathan and Lil disembarked from the vehicle and approached him. With the shake of a leg, he dislodged most of the dirt from his overalls and stomped his boots in the grass. He was a little embarrassed that they'd see him covered in soil. When they reached Sock, Jonathan tossed him a paper lunch bag. His usual order from the restaurant was inside. It smelled great, but they still hadn't given any explanation. \"I don't mean to be rude,\" he began, \"but what the hell are you two doing in a cemetery?\" Jonathan smiled a little and Sock felt his heartbeat speed up. \"We figure you've visited our workplace enough, we should visit yours. We brought lunch.\" They each held up a similar lunch bag. \"Oh,\" Sock said. His cheeks warmed. \"That's real nice of you.\" They sat with their legs dangling in the grave, eating greasy food and discussing their gripes with their coworkers. Sock laughed and winced, he ate good food and smiled. Maybe if he couldn't romantically have Jonathan, being his friend wouldn't be so bad. The thought startled him. He'd never had friends before. Is that what Lil and Jonathan had become? Was he allowed this? After a life of solitude, could he manage friends? He met Jonathan's shimmering eyes and decided that his doubts could wait for later. For now, he and his friends were having lunch. \"I really don't appreciate you hovering around in here.\" Sock just hmmed and kept watching the back of Jonathan's head. \"I'm working, and this is a secure, sterile environment, which you are definitely messing up.\" Instead of responding, Sock just asked, \"What do dead people's organs feel like?\" \"Like lumpy, goopy mashed potatoes in plastic bags.\" Jonathan turned a bit and wiggled the plastic bag he'd been weighing, which contained some dark, nondescript little organ. \"Sock, please leave. I can't let my supervisor find you in here.\" Jonathan really cared about his job too much. Nothing happened in this podunk town, most of his cases came from the greater tri-county area, and even those were few, so his supervisor hardly made any visits once he considered his job with the body done. Whenever Jonathan worked, he was alone, left to clean up and organize and fill out paperwork. It was excruciating to watch all of the careful, sterile work. Sock thought it could use the dirt he provided. There was more than a bit of mass hysteria brewing at this point. Five people dead, all murdered horribly, all in the county. It had been only a couple of months. Three of them had been killed along roads and two in their own home, practically in front of their son. Needless to say, Sock's town, and a bunch of others, were on the brink of panic. There was officially an open case with the police. It was practically all Lil and Jonathan talked about at lunch now. It didn't help that it was all over the news, even displayed on the TV across from their table. The news had begun calling him \"the Gravedigger\" because of the stone thing. Ironic. They didn't know how close they were. Jonathan continued to be tight lipped about the case, committed as he was to all of those disclosures he'd signed. While he wouldn't give any forensics data away, he would answer Sock's questions about about his department, and some procedures, like the autopsy itself. \"What I do is all the assistant stuff, like weighing and taking notes and cleaning up.\" He ripped off his gloves and tossed them in the trash before taking the trash bag, tying it up, and tossing it in the back hallway. \"The menial work.\" \"This,\" he said one day, gesturing to the body he was cleaning. \"Is what we usually do for an internal examination.\" Sock leaned over slightly, curious about the methodical way the body had been sliced up. A cut extended across the chest, from one shoulder to another, and a larger cut traveled the entire length of the chest and abdomen, and ended at the crotch. He could see plastic gleaming inside the abdominal cavity. \"When we return the bodies to family, we put the organs in plastic bags inside the body to keep them from leaking. That would be kind of traumatic for them.\" \"Did you do this?\" Sock asked. Jonathan shook his head. \"I'm just a technician, I'd need more school and a higher position to actually perform the autopsy. I do help, though.\" Sock had a sudden image of Jonathan, covered in warm blood, helping him kill someone. The image was a lot hotter than the scrub-wearing, masked, gloved Jonathan carefully wiping fluid off the skin of the cold body right now. It was a crazy image. Jonathan was too much of a goody-two-shoes to go around killing anything. Although, it was kind of cute to think of Jonathan carefully examining Sock's kills after the fact. It was like sending notes back and forth. Sock killed them, Jonathan examined them, then Sock buried them. With the back and forth, they were practically a team at this point anyway. As far as Sock was concerned, it was sweet either way. The next time Sock killed, he slit their throat to make them shut up, then tried the incision he had seen the other day in Jonathan's lab. Shoulder to shoulder, chest to crotch. It really did open the body up in two easy cuts. Pretty amazing. His cuts were ragged where the dull knife had caught and ripped skin, but he figured it looked professional enough. He had plenty of time to practice again. He stuffed his letter in the chest cavity and found a nice stone for the head. Numbers six, seven, and eight were also incised. It was better every time, if he did say so himself. Practice made perfect. He said so in his letters. What he didn't communicate to the police was that he was running out of places to come across potential victims. By the fourth kill, he had already begun to worry about the sparse traffic and limited roads through their area of the county, and now that he was double that, he struggled. No one wanted to travel through the places a body has been found, or if they did, they did it quickly, locked in their cars with at least one other person. One thing he considered was focusing on another town, but he figured he would be easily spotted as an outsider. It might lead to an arrest. His next consideration was to somehow lure people to his house, or transport them there. He didn't own a car, just a bike, but he figured that maybe now was the time to go in on some sort of vehicle. The closest used car dealership was two towns away. His salesman's name was Zack. He was a tall man who had obviously been the jock type while in high school. Sock nodded and hmmed as Zack showed him the more expensive cars and gently steered him towards the cheaper models. He needed something today, because he was itching for a thrill tonight. At this point, the police were desperate for an arrest. An out of state agency had been brought in, no one was sure if it was the FBI or what. The new agency didn't find much more than the local forces, but they did stumble upon one lead. They snatched it up immediately. They came for him during lunch hour. Sock, Jonathan, and Lil were at the usual place and the usual table. The topic of discussion was the correct pronunciation of milk. \"Melk,\" Lil said. \"It's dialect.\" Jonathan winced. \"Maybe it's just because I'm not from around here, but that just sounds wrong.\" \"I'm going with 'melk' too,\" Sock decided. \"You've all turned against me!\" \"What, like 'muh-ilk' is supposed to sound right?\" A group of men in black uniforms entered the dining area. Sock grew cold at the sight of badges and guns. Conversation died into a complete hush as one of the men approached their table. \"Jonathan Combs, we need you to come with us.\" Sock grew colder. Oh no, no, no, no… \"What?\" \"You're under arrest on suspicion of perpetrating eight homicides in the area. Come peacefully and we won't have to cause a scene.\" He felt Lil grab his arm and squeeze. She was staring at Jonathan, eyes wide. She didn't really believe these guys, did she? Jonathan was nothing like Sock. Jonathan didn't have a killing bone in his body. Or a loving bone, his mind grumbled. Ugh, now was not the time to be holding grudges. Jonathan didn't say anything else, just stood and allowed himself to be led away, arms locked in the grips of two of the men. He only looked back once, at Sock. There was no fear, at least. Blue diamond eyes just reflected confusion. Sock paced and paced and paced across his living room. \"Oh my god,\" said Lil. \"Jonathan's the Gravedigger?\" \"They think he's the Gravedigger,\" Sock corrected. \"Why would anybody think that? Why would you think that, Lil.\" She bit her lip and looked away. \"Lil?\" \"He just… I hear about the case, okay, Sock? Through doors and in the hallway. They mentioned that they had a suspect but I just, I didn't think…\" She took a seat in an armchair, hand over her pale face. \"It didn't click until lunch that they were talking about Jonathan. All of the evidence made sense. I just can't believe it's Jonathan.\" \"What evidence?\" \"Henry. This all started with Henry. Or maybe your parents,\" she conceded, but kept going. \"Jonathan mentioned that he'd had difficulty finding a morgue that was looking for a tech. He had to go out of state for the job. Henry was killed and almost immediately, Jonathan was there.\" \"That could be a coincidence,\" Sock said. \"Yeah but, the murders really picked up after that. You could argue that this all started once Jonathan arrived. And the bodies. They said that they'd been cut open, like in an autopsy.\" She drew the cuts in the air, a \"Y\" shape. \"And they analyzed the letters. Whoever wrote them seemed to understand crime investigation, and even have some inside knowledge on the Gravedigger investigation. Jonathan would have that, right?\" Sock swallowed hard. \"And as if that wasn't enough, Jonathan really has the personality of a rock. They were saying that serial killers have difficulty connecting with people, sometimes with displaying emotion or empathy. Jonathan had no friends before you and I, and that was difficult for both of us.\" It really had been. Sock thought of all of the times he'd been kicked out of the autopsy lab at the morgue. He shook his head in disbelief. He wasn't really getting on board with this theory, was he? Sock was the Gravedigger, not Jonathan. He somehow had to get the investigators off Jonathan's case. He came across her on the highway. He was in the SUV he had purchased to solve his problem with transporting victims. She was wearing a heavy pack, as though she was hiking somewhere, or running away. \"Are you following 22 to Heidelberry?\" she asked. \"Yes,\" he lied. \"Get in.\" \"Jojo.\" She stuck her hand out. \"Sock,\" he returned, shaking her hand. It was nervousness that kept him from killing her right there. This was the first time he was going to have the car as an accomplice. He settled for stuffing her unconscious in the trunk. The killing could come where he was in a secure location. She was very pretty. He thought about her face on the way home. Not as pretty as Jonathan's, but something about it was attractive. Her skin glowed. A halo of moonlight shone off her hair. Her grip was strong. She was of the same breed as Jonathan. An angel, probably. Sock wondered at his talent for falling for impossible people at first sight.[Chapter 3] He locked her in a storage room in the basement. It was unfinished, with exposed brick and cement that was cold and smelled of mildew. He left the boxes that had previously been in the room stacked against the far side of the basement. He locked the room and put the key on the moulding above the door. Even if she screamed, no one would hear her. Being the local gravedigger didn't lend itself to a lot of home visitors, and being outside his small rural middle-of-nowhere town, his house had the advantage of being a good half mile from the neighbors. With his newest letter, Sock felt forced into pleading. \"You've got your hands on the wrong man. I might tell you where an angel lies when the accused walks free.\" Jonathan was released reluctantly from custody the next day. He said it wasn't because the police were doing what the Gravedigger wanted, but because the letter proved that he wasn't the killer, because he couldn't have sent them the letter while he was detained. Sock would always secretly think that the investigators were actually having fun with his game of letters and bodies. It felt good to have fun with someone. Jonathan was on the front step, looking impassive as usual, aside from the nervous foot tapping. Sock could see him from the backyard garden, where he was halfway through a hole to bury the girl in. He leaned on his shovel and shucked off his gloves, calling to Jonathan. \"What're you up to?\" Jonathan asked once he was in arm's reach. \"Just some garden work.\" \"It looks like a grave.\" \"I only know how to dig one thing, and that's not going to stop me from growing flowers.\" Jonathan smiled at that and Sock couldn't help it when a similar expression crossed his face. \"What're you doing here?\" Sock asked casually. \"Oh, you know. I got out of custody a couple days ago. Lil said I should visit you.\" \"Lil, huh?\" \"Yeah. You know she's been trying to set us up since day one, right?\" Oh, did he know. Sock flushed and hoped Jonathan attributed it to the digging. \"I thought she was up to something.\" They lapsed into a conversation about the sort of flowers in his garden. He was making room for coneflower and bee balm. The first looked like a purple daisy and the second like an evil red double-sided jellyfish abomination. It was cute. They were both deep-rooted native plants. He figured since he'd bury the girl underneath them, she'd decompose a little faster and the flowers would grow a little taller. It was how the flowers and shrubs planted over graves in Primrose Cemetery got to be so full and healthy despite families never tending to them. But then again, that didn't matter so much, because Jonathan had known that Lil was trying to set them up. His mouth was making noises about flowers still but his brain was still hung up on Jonathan. Even though Jonathan had made it clear he wasn't in the market, Sock still thought he had the greatest blue diamond eyes and still fantasized about Jonathan killing with him. Jonathan didn't need to know about the last one, but Sock wondered if anyone in his limited social circle ever let Jonathan know how pretty he was. Or how smart, composed, and cool he was. He was just going to say it. Jonathan would want him to get straight to the point. \"I had… Have a huge crush on you,\" he blurted out. The regret was immediate. Sock braced for laughter and mockery but Jonathan just shrugged. \"I know,\" he said. What? \"You knew?\" \"I guessed when you kind of alluded to killing yourself over the fact that I'm aromantic. By then it seemed pretty obvious to me.\" Sock flushed more. Oh god, he'd been obvious . \"Don't worry about it, people can't help but be attracted to my manly charm.\" He said it with such a sober tone that Sock laughed in surprise. Manly wasn't exactly what he thought when he imagined Jonathan. Sock fluttered his eyelashes and gestured to the shovel wedged deep into the dirt. \"Would the manly Jonathan help little old me dig a flower bed?\" Jonathan laughed and grappled with the shovel, struggling to lift it out of the earth. The best he could do was tugging it out of the ground without any dirt on it. Sock laughed. \"Hey, it's harder than it looks,\" Jonathan lamented, handing the shovel back to Sock, who twirled it like it was a plastic straw and struck it deep into the dirt again. \"I'm sure it is,\" he said. \"Seriously though. Do you want some help digging?\" Sock considered it. It wasn't exactly his dream of Jonathan as an accomplice to murder, but he was helping dig the girl's grave, even if he didn't know it. He nodded. Jonathan needed something small, like a trowel, since the shovel itself was obviously too heavy for him. \"Try the basement,\" he said without thinking. \"There should be a trowel and some gloves down there.\" He thought, Oh god, Jonathan will find the girl and I'll be busted . The responding thought was immediate, Maybe he'd understand. Maybe it would just strengthen our relationship . Yeah, right. The back door burst open and heavy footsteps approached the garden. Jonathan was back. Sock stuck the shovel blade into the dirt and waited. When Jonathan appeared around the taller plants, he looked how Sock had never seen him. Stony facade broken, Jonathan's face couldn't decide on an emotion. Shock. Anger. Sadness. Fear. It settled on a mouth slashing downward, eyebrows cracked into an inverse V. He almost seemed worried. But from his stomping steps, Sock could recognize the emotion he can come to know so well when he had first attempted to become his friend: anger. Jonathan got straight to the point. \"Sock, we need to talk. Why was there a girl locked in your basement?\" He'd hoped that the lock would be enough to hide her from Jonathan, because he really had no excuse for that. Obviously the lock had failed him. It was a real bummer that Jonathan knew now. He sighed. \"Jonathan, why did you have to unlock that door?\" \"Because,\" he just about snarled. \"I was looking for your tools in the basement, like you said, and thought 'hey, people keep normal things in normal closets, right?' You didn't even hide the key. So tell me, Sock. Why was there a girl locked in your basement?\" \"Why do you think?\" \"I think you've been hiding something. Something big. And I think that maybe I almost took the fall for your stupidity.\" Might as well put it out there. \"You think I'm the Gravedigger.\" Jonathan looked pointedly at the large rectangular hole he was digging in his garden. Sock pursed his lips. That was rude. \"Honestly, I suspected almost since the beginning.\" Jonathan crossed his arms, looking vaguely uncomfortable as a distressed expression grew on Sock's face. He obviously hadn't wanted to admit this. \"You were a loner, kinda strange. But, what were the chances I would know a serial killer? None. I figured I knew you… Until now.\" Sock tightened his grip on the shovel handle. So, Jonathan wanted to know him. \"Don't you get on big scary rides? Don't you take your hands off the handlebars and speed down a hill? Don't you sneak around and tell little lies to get what you want? Or just for the fun of it?\" \"Killing people is more than a little lie, Sock.\" \"You just don't get it. I thought you, the morgue tech, out of all people would get it… Don't tell me you don't get a little thrill when you're cutting up a human body and messing around with it.\" Jonathan looked mildly offended now. \"I really don't. I'm not sure if you noticed, but I have a bit of a flat affect going on. My job is just a job. Not a hobby. It doesn't make me happy. I don't 'mess around' with bodies for fun; I do it to bring closure to investigations and family. It's not about me at all.\" Mephistopheles had been right, Jonathan had an exceptionally healthy relationship with his industry. Sock didn't think it was selfish to wish it was just a little more fucked up. He'd been this close to having something more than a friend and maybe even more than a lover: an accomplice. Sock sometimes wished he was normal. It was a passing thought as he poked at the bloody heart of his latest kill or the short depression after finishing a hole and realizing only dead people and sad people visited his workplace. He went into the dirt like a corpse to make a living. He killed people to feel alive. He broke his own damn heart when he killed his parents, even if it was an accident. And he gave his love to someone that couldn't love him back. His was a life of dead ends. The overwhelming feeling of inadequacy and alienation crushed him. He was never going to be clean enough, tough enough, desirable enough. There was a gaping hole where his heart should be and he filled it with kills as he filled the graves in Primrose with his victims. \"Nobody talks to me and sees Sock Sowachowski, they just see the gravedigger .\" He remembered being scared that Jonathan might avoid him because of the grave digging. It had been stupid to think that Jonathan would accept him. Why did everyone fear death so much? Enough to shun the living? He felt unlike a human and unlike a ghost, something malicious between the worlds of the living and dead, like a demon. \"Sock, as your friend, disregarding your personal demons―\" Hah. \"―you're acting stupid. You need to let that girl go and turn yourself in.\" Jonathan drew himself up. \"If you don't, I'll do it for you.\" Sock felt a deep throb in his chest, his heart's dying gasp. Pressure built behind his eyes. His tear ducts stung. \"You wouldn't do that,\" he said quietly. It would doom him to a life in prison. The only death that would loom in his future would be his own. Stony indifference returned to Jonathan's expression. Sock had lost him. \"You know I would.\" Jonathan turned his back to Sock and walked away. Sock sucked in a harsh breath, straining the muscles in his neck in an effort to restrain tears. He thought that the worst thing Jonathan could say was that he wasn't interested, but he'd been proven wrong. He picked his shovel out of the dirt. With both hands on the handle, he turned towards Jonathan and took a step, unsure of what he was about to do. One step turned into a sprint, and all he saw before he squeezed his eyes shut were Jonathan's wide blue diamond eyes turning towards him in slow motion. The blade connected with Jonathan's head in an ear splitting crack. The girl was gone. He checked after hauling Jonathan onto the family room couch. The door was unlocked, the key was on the ground, and the girl was gone. Jonathan must have let her go. That meant his time was short. He grabbed a travel bag and packed a few things. Some of his parents' clothes, a toothbrush, a comb, some cheap sunglasses, his knife. Once the car was loaded, he hauled Jonathan again, this time into the back seat of the SUV. He couldn't let them take Jonathan this time. Sock had to be there when he came back to his senses, to apologize or accept apologies. He wasn't too picky about which right now. The county highways were just about deserted at this time of the day. His arms tensed whenever a car flew by, but none of them stopped. Jonathan was deadly silent in the back seat, which left Sock alone with what had proven to be a very dangerous thoughts. He didn't know where he was going, or why. Jonathan was hurt and needed medical help that Sock couldn't give him, but there was no way he was leaving him to the police. Those bastards already falsely accused and detained him once, there was no telling what they would do once they realized how important he was to the Gravedigger. Sock had stopped Jonathan from telling the police, but now it was only a matter of time before the girl set them on his trail. That meant his blood was spilled for nothing. With a sick twinge to his gut, he realized he'd still been thrilled to do it, even though it was to Jonathan. He really was demonic. What was he thinking? Jonathan was right, he was acting stupid. If he was on the run from the law, he needed to act like it. He needed the old Sock back, the one that killed Henry, who had no idea Jonathan's blue diamond eyes existed, who would've killed the girl instead of knocking her out. The old Sock wouldn't have just wounded Jonathan. He glanced at Jonathan's prone form splayed across the back seat. A steady trickle of blood was running down the upholstery and onto the carpet. There was a deep gash in the right side of his head. Head wounds just bleed a lot, Sock recalled. Jonathan wouldn't bleed out. But, Sock swore that when the light was right, he could see white bone nestled in the torn flesh. It had begun to redden with infection because of the dirt driven deep into the wound. The question was whether or not Jonathan would even wake up, much less survive a run from the law. Sock could be doing him a favor by sparing him the pain. He pursed his lips and pulled over. For a full minute, he didn't move, just stared at a point in the distance. Then he accelerated back onto the road. He pulled over again ten minutes later and turned to stare at Jonathan. He was running out of chances to make a decision. Did the Gravedigger claim a ninth victim or did Sock cling to something he desperately wanted but could never really have? He began driving again. His cellphone buzzed just as the sun had set and darkness had claimed the highways. The caller ID indicated that it was Lil on the line, but he had no doubt she had police company. He took the call anyway. \"Hello?\" \"Sock?\" \"Hey Lil.\" \"Where are you?\" Her voice was slow, like she was forcing it to remain calm. \"I can't tell you that, Lil.\" There was heavy silence, and then, \"Is Jonathan with you?\" Sock debated and then figured they'd assume the right thing anyway. \"Yeah, he is.\" \"Can you put him on the phone?\" \"He's a little incapacitated at the moment.\" \"Is he alright? Is he alive?\" Sock made a face, cheeks reddened as she echoed his earlier thoughts of killing Jonathan. \"What kind of… Are they making you ask these questions?\" \"Just tell me whether or not our friend is alright and alive, Sock.\" Sock sighed. Such dramatics. \"Yes, he's alive. Whether or not he's alright is debateable. He's breathing.\" A shaky sigh. \"That's a relief.\" \"Hey, since I know they're listening. I just want you police people to know that Jonathan has nothing to do with this, it was all me. Give credit where credit is due. Jonathan had no idea what was going on until today. Got it?\" \"They heard you,\" Lil assured. \"We all hear you, Sock. Is there anything else you want to say?\" \"Yeah,\" he smirked. \"They can all go suck a dick.\" The call ended. He took the next right with a determined yank of the wheel. There was a clunk from the backseat as Jonathan's shoe knocked against the door. Sock had been driving all night, to the point that the sun had just perched itself in the sky and shadows had formed underneath his eyes. He had finally come up with a destination for the car, Jonathan, and himself. It all just hinged upon being in the right spot at the right time. He'd decided that the Gravedigger would claim a ninth victim. Primrose Cemetery looked as serene as ever. He noticed that in his absence, a few small weeds had grown in the flower beds bordering the woods. He itched to uproot them and maybe give the place a good mow, but he had more pressing matters to attend to. The grave marked 'me' was still open, of course. Mephistopheles must have noticed but said nothing. None of the visitors verbally disagreed with it either. It was on his family's plot anyway, which he inherited when his parents died, so he could do what he wanted regardless. He laid Jonathan out on the ground before the grave and plunked onto the grass to wait. Jonathan stirred a bit before stilling again. Sock hoped he would wake up soon so he could talk to him. \"I'm sorry you got involved with this,\" Sock started. \"You really shouldn't have opened that door.\" He could have kept going, killed the girl and moved on, but Jonathan charmed his way into the basement. Jonathan was so pretty. Jonathan was so composed. Jonathan stuck his hands in dead bodies, but didn't quite get Sock. Jonathan was so not into him, but insisted upon being his friend. Memories of the three sitting on the edge of the grave eating greasy food and complaining about bosses pushed their way to the forefront. He frowned. They seemed to happy to belong to him. Sirens in the distance. He perched the knife over Jonathan's abdomen, one hand raised like it was a mallet about to pound a stake in the ground. With a whoosh of breath he steeled himself for what he was about to do. The sirens grew louder and Jonathan scrunched up his face. Despite the situation, Sock couldn't help but smile softly. He looked really cute. The dark red streaks on his face added a nice touch of color too. A squad of police cars suddenly filled the gravel parking lot, kicking up a huge cloud of dust and debris. They couldn't enter the graveyard without running over headstones, so the officers streamed out of their cars and began to pick their way across the grass. Sock noticed them pick up speed when they realized Sock was mostly alone, with just a motionless body and his old friend the blunt kitchen knife as companions. Jonathan suddenly woke up, blue diamond eyes a little crossed. \"Sock?\" he slurred. \"Yeah, Jonathan?\" Jonathan struggled and took a few breaths. The sun was illuminating Sock's back with bright white light, cating Jonathan's face in deep contrast. His breathing disturbed the knife where Sock held it poised above him. He waited for something profound, affected by the dramatic atmosphere. \"I can't believe… you. Ugh. You hit me!\" He tried to sit up and Sock quickly removed the knife, but Jonathan hissed before he could get very far and laid back down, dragging his hands to his head and tenderly touching the gash there. Sock pursed his lips. When he killed, he never wanted his victims to be in pain long. One of the police officers shouted his name from where she was stationed behind a nearby headstone. He could only see the very top of her head - a tuft of purple hair. Sock gave her a glare. Couldn't she see they were having a moment here? Sock needed to say goodbye. \"Gravedigger!\" she shouted again. \"What?\" he snarled back, thinking that he really didn't like that moniker in her voice. \"I'm going to need you to put the knife down, step away from the man on the ground, and come with us quietly.\" Sock pressed the knife against Jonathan's abdomen again, staring straight at the policewoman. Jonathan let out a quiet whine. \"I need to finish talking to Jonathan.\" \"You need to put the knife down.\" A hand grasped the wrist holding the knife. Sock looked down at Jonathan, who seemed pained. Probably from the open wound in his head. \"What do you need to say, Sock?\" Sock licked his lips nervously and glanced at the police. There were at least six loaded guns aimed at his head, but no one had made a move yet. He turned back to Jonathan. \"I was kind of hoping you'd apologize for messing up my life by snooping around in my basement.\" Jonathan stared at him. Sock sighed. \"Yeah, I didn't think you would. I wanted to apologize for what I'm about to do.\" Jonathan only got out a questioning sound before Sock leaned into a light kiss. Jonathan's first and last. He tasted lip balm and antiseptic and pulled away. Jonathan didn't seem to be anything but confused and Sock mentally shrugged. Of course one kiss wouldn't change their relationship. This wasn't a fairytale. Jonathan's intent to remain single had been clear as day. At least he'd got one before the end. Sock picked up his knife. Jonathan's blue diamond eyes grew wide as he raised it. With a look into his eyes, Sock gripped the handle with both hands, like his life depended upon it, and before he could think, pulled it into his own abdomen. There was immediate burning pain and suddenly the sharp retort of a gun. Something slammed into his shoulder and another something tore into his chest. People were shouting. Someone was saying his name. Without a sound he dropped into the open grave. Vaguely, he felt some cold dirt crumble onto his form like it was trying to blanket him, welcome him home. The Gravedigger claimed his ninth victim. ","Summary":" It was wrong to bury a body without a proper marker. He found it some way into the woods. It wasn't"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Green Street - Stand your Ground","Author":"Pete Dunham","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11910603","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another world Elijah pulled gently on the cigarette that he just set on fire outside the big building of the airport of London. He inhaled the nicotine, keeping it long in his lungs, until it burned; then he exhaled the smoke through his nose. England. Not his first choice for a temporarily place to live, especially as an American it felt hard for him. But his sister had married here – and she would be happy to have him here for a while. Well, he hoped so. The people around him were hectic, some carried a rushed expression on their face. They carried suitcases, bags and umbrellas. Elijah chased these people hidden with his glances. His big, blue eyes were fascinated by new world that surrounded him. After another few pulls from the cigarette he looked up to the grey sky, who began to get darker even more in every minute. He sighed – even by now he hated the weather in England. Where was the sun? A friendly call stopped his inner worries. \"Lijah!\" Elijah turned into the direction where his sister's voice came from and smiled, when he saw her walking straight to him with big grin on her face. She was pushing a stroller. He let his bag falling down from his shoulders and hugged her tight when she was close enough. He smelled her perfume. So familiar, although they haven't met for about four years now. \"You're finally there! How was your flight?\", she said, and Elijah saw little tears of happiness rolling down her cheeks. He grinned and wiped the tears away softly. \"The flight was hard and the jetlag is killing me,but I'm fine. So, this is Jason? He's so cute...\" he answered and watched the stroller in front of him, where a small, dark haired boy of one year was sitting and watching Elijah with wide, blue eyes. \"He has your eyes, Shanon.\" \"Our eyes – you know that these big eyes were always in our family.\" \"That's right. He's coming after you, isn't he?\" \"Not at all, but mostly, yes.\" Elijah replied her smile and hold one finger to Jason – the small one took it and laughed squeaky. \"So, let's go. Mark is still at work, but I think you might be very hungry, right?\", Shanon said and walked to the parking lot with Elijah which was just nearby. They didn't talk much during the drive home. Elijah stared outside the window for most of the time and watched some of the dreary areas they were driving through until they reached better places. And as if he didn't know it, it began to rain. Thick and heavy drops were falling down on the car and window. \"Argh, I knew it. Just when we're finally there.\" Shanon moaned while Elijah was laughing a little. \"It doesn't rain that often in the states, but you were going here voluntary, sister heart. So don't complain about it!\", Elijah giggled and went out of the car when it finally stopped. It was a beautiful, old house, not too big and not too small, just right for a small family. The area seemed nice and friendly, and it was clean. There was even a little garden in front of the house. Elijah blew his nose when a cold drop of the rain was falling in his neck. The drops were ice cold. \"Come on, let me help you.\", he said when he saw Shanon struggling with the stroller. \"Thanks, Lijah.\" Both went on quite fast with all the things they had to carry to the house, and finally entered. Elijah nodded impressed, when he realized that the furniture and the whole inside of the house was not the cheapest stuff. The floor in the hallway was out of expensive stone, and even the small sideboard was made out of polished real wood. \"Mark earns good at work, hm?\" Shanon grinned. \"He's not earning bad, that's right.\" She went to the kitchen and rummaged a bit, while Elijah took the small Jason out of the stroller and carried him in his arms. The little one smiled and held Elijah's shirt collar with his small fists. \"I'm gonna make you something typical English, alright?\" \"God, Shanon, no! Only do something easy. No big deal. I'm not that hungry!\", Elijah laughed and walked through the beautiful living room with Jason. The sofas were soft and comfortable – these would be better days than in his small student's apartment. His heart got heavy – his booting out came to his mind. By now he haven't told anyone about it – not Shanon, nor somebody else. He doesn't wanted to, now when these thoughts came back so violently. He felt a big lump in his throat. But it didn't go away, although he was trying to swallow hard. The food was good. Even tough Shanon had wrestled down all of Elijah's protests and made him something typical English: ham and eggs. It tasted well to him even tough he watched the food with uncertain feelings. But hunger won. He talked about a lot of things with Shanon, but not about university. Not now, he thought, because Shanon was so happy that her little brother was finally visiting her. She told him about her life as a mother, about Mark and of course about England – even she still worried sometimes about being here as an American. Elijah just wanted to answer her question about his studies – he studied journalism – when the door turned open and a tall man came in, wearing a black suit. He was well built and had a striking face – but he was very attractive. Elijah suddenly recognized why Shanon had married this man. With a sweet \"Hey, Darling!\" Shanon welcomed and hugged him tight. Elijah was sitting in the background first, but stood up when Shanon and the man turned around to watch him. \"Mark, this is my younger brother Elijah – he is visiting us for a while. I said that he could stand as long as he want to.\" Elijah smiled friendly and said \"Hey!\" when Mark came up to me him and was shaking his hand. The hand felt rough. \"Hey, nice to meet you finally! I'm glad you're here. Hope you feel well at our home!\" Shanon smiled and left to go to the kitchen for making some tea – Mark smiled, but took Elijah at the shoulder, lowering his voice. \"Listen, Lijah. I planned something really nice with Shanon tonight, we even have a baby-sitter. Do you mind if we're not home?\" Elijah was shaking his head. \"No, don't worry. I'll go early to sleep, I'm tired because of the jetlag... \" Mark knocked his shoulder friendly. They had a nice cup of tea when there was a hard knocking on the backdoor. It was an energetic knocking: Elijah shrugged and spilled a bit of the hot tea on his jeans. \"Naw... We all know whose knocking that is...\" Mark grumbled and twisted his eyes. He stood up and went to the kitchen, where one could enter the house through the backdoor. He opened the door and muffled a less friendly \"What do you want?\", which was countered with a loud \"Ay, just visiting my bro heart!\", and a tall guy entered the kitchen just by pushing Mark aside. He was tall, taller than Elijah, even more than one and a half head. His dark blonde hair was very short – but it flattered the rough, but very, very attractive face contours of the man. Same as his brother, the young man was well built and trained – Elijah thought about this, although the man was wearing a quite bigger, black nylon jacket with a collar. Without asking the man went to the fridge and took out a beer. Elijah frightened a bit when the man opened the bottle of beer with his teeth and spit the cap careless in the sink. Mark twisted his eyes and hit him on the back of his head, then he turned to Elijah and Shanon. The kitchen was open to the living room. \"Pete, this is Shanon's younger brother from the states, Elijah. Elijah, this is Pete – my little brother.\" Elijah mentioned a small \"Hey\", when Pete came across him, winked at him and said: \"What's up, son?\",when they shaking their hands - but he kept watching Elijah with a strange look; his grey eyes were not friendly. Pete went to his older brother again, who was watching Pete with crossed arms. \"He, Marki – the boys and me, we had a drinkin' session last night. Lost my wallet. A hundred's been in there, probably.\" \"Don't rip me off, Pete, what have you done? You lose your wallet every week, I feel like.\" Pete was having another sip of the cold beer and smirked. \"I went on with that guy from Matthew Mannon – knocked him out through a phone box with his head first – might be that I lost it there.\" Pete's grin was mischievously, naughty, but Elijah just found it uncouth how the young man was behaving. Mark watched Elijah and waved at him. \"Just come over here, Elijah.\", he said, and Elijah stood up nervously. He was trying to hide the last drops of his spilled tea. When he was standing next to Mark in the kitchen, he tried to ignore the condescending gaze from Pete; but the grey eyes seemed to drill through him. Elijah smelled the beer and blew his nose. \"Listen, Pete\", Mark said and lay down a hand on Elijah's shoulder; \"I'll give you a hundred... if you take Lijah to the match.\" Pete swallowed his beer. \"What? Oh fuck off...You know I can't take a Yankee to the match! Are you drunk or something?\" \"If you want to have the goddamn money then you take him to the match. Or you stop coming around whenever you need money again.\" Mark's voice was forceful – and Elijah, who knew this from his older sister, knew that Pete was thinking about it now. Or maybe not? He watched Pete with an uncertain gaze. He looked everything but happy with the situation. His mouth was pulled down a bit. He snorted and put the meanwhile empty beer on the counter. \"Fucking shit...\" he muttered, ran his fingers through his short hair and bit his lip softly. \"Well then...\" he said quiet. \"And dare you something is happening to him! You will be at your best behavior. You listen? He's Shanon's brother.\" Mark said and watched Pete with strict eyes; Pete snored again and kicked the counter. \"Damn Pete, pull yourself together!\", Mark ranted, and when Pete went outside the door, he turned to Elijah. \"Listen\", he said and lowered his voice when he gave Elijah the hundred pounds; \"don't give him the money, no way. Okay? He'll behave, you'll see. Get the boys some beer.\" Elijah nodded and went to the hallway to get his jacket. When he had it on, he followed Pete through the door and went outside. Pete was standing near the house leaning against a wall; he was smoking. When he saw Elijah coming towards him, he waved roughly. \"Com'on, hurry!\", he grumbled and walked around a corner. Elijah followed him, but as soon as he was beyond the corner, he was feeling the pressure of two strong hands that were pressing him against the brick wall. Pete pressed him tight against the wall, hands so firmly buried in Elijah's collar that it hurt – Elijah whimpered nervously. \"Listen to me, Yank – whatever my bro said, I won't take ye to the match. No way I would show up there with a fuckin' American... Gimme half of the money, scat and do a fucking tour or something. And you won't tell my brother!\" Elijah gasped, tried to move a bit; but then he said: \"I won't give you the money, Pete.\" Pete snored and deepened his grip. \"What was that?\" Elijah swallowed, but he didn't give up. \"I said I won't give you the money. I promised it.\" Pete's grip wasn't getting loosely, although Elijah moved and tried to escape. The steel grey eyes narrowed a bit. Elijah took advantage of the opportunity and wanted to kick, he took all of his force and was sure that he would kick Pete right between his legs – he was just about to grin, but suddenly something grabbed his leg so fast he couldn't react; the leg was fixed before he kicked. Pete prevented his kick and laughed. \"Serious? Aw, you fucking stupid bitch... Now we're having a big problem, Yank.\" And with a hard pull he snatched Elijah's leg, and the next thing Elijah felt was a hard punch in his stomach and the cold stone of the asphalt under his aching body. ","Summary":" Another world Elijah pulled gently on the cigarette that he just set on fire outside the big buildi"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Madalynn not Matthew","Author":"HooliganXYaoiXFangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7600310","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Yo this is my first fanfic and I'm not very good but I hope you enjoy my story and if you have any pointers to make it better I'd love to hear err read it and just so there isn't any confusion Matt does NOT have that damn annoying patch of hair on his chin. Warning-my characters are ooc Disclaimer-did Pete shag Matt silly on Shannon and Steve's kitchen counter nope cause I dont own GSH or Charlie or Elijah *emo corner no jutsu* plot:1 Matt is actually a girl and the guys find out Did you see that first punch he threw a little on the feminine side said Dave as he was catching his breath WHAT! Matt managed to squeak out indignantly yeah a bit gay chimed in Pete Matt who was on an adrenaline high stood up back ramrod straight tilted her head up stared Pete and Dave in the eye cocked an eyebrow and said of course it was feminine I am a girl after all let me guess you all thought Matt was short for Matthew that said she took a last look at their wide eyed opened mouth expressions, gave an amused smirk and turned around and began to walk off tossing a close your mouth before something flies in over her shoulder hearing her new friends scrambling to catch up and questions of \"thats a joke right\", \"but your a bloke\", \"you really a bird\", and her personal favorite \"no way fuckin' prove it\" she smiled while laughing softly and thought to herself yeah I think I'm gonna like England. ","Summary":" Yo this is my first fanfic and I'm not very good but I hope you enjoy my story and if you have any "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Somewhere Along in the Bitterness","Author":"whatclownsarewe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7026309","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They say life goes on. Eventually, everything will be fine. Sometimes life doesn't go on. Fuck it, does it really ever? Nah, Bovver's no expectation. It's been three months. Three fucking months, mate. They, hooligans, have been pretty lost. Bovver was Petey's right hand, yeah? He might've made a mistake or two, so what, others still had respect towards him. Well, who wouldn't after what he did for Pete that day. Even Bovver can admit it to himself, his ninja kick was about the coolest thing he has ever done in a fight. Anyways, the whole firm is sort of waiting for Bovver. To take the lead. To get Abbey fine. To get the GSE back together. East London had run out of Dunhams. It was Bovver's turn. Bovver knows it. Of course he does. Abbey was still in pieces. Terry had kind of started to fix shit, but it's hell of a job for one man. West Ham lost that game, by the way. One-nil. It was a tough one. It felt like a bunch in the face after you've had one straight in your bollocks. Not like Bovver cared anymore. No need to say there was another fight in the evening. Bovver didn't feel anything in that night. Tommy was in jail. Had been ever since. Matt had called the cops, or some passer-by, who knows. After Pete died, Bovver dragged him out of there. Sat next to him for hours, watched the cops pick up the pieces of both GSE and Millwall. He had a beer, gave one to Pete, too, and talked. About the game, about GSE, about the fighting, about what happened when he visited Millwall. About how much he loved him. Pete was his brother, come on. Mrs. Dunham always said Pete and Bov weren't biological brothers because nobody could handle the boys together. So God made them best friends. They've had their ups and downs like everybody else. Swill even said they act like an old married couple. But that's kind of true, yeah? In sickness and in health, in poverty or in wealth, until death do us part. It had been quiet. Mostly because the football season was over. GSE was torn apart. Steve, the Major, was still recovering. Bovver visited him regularly. Mostly, they just sat on the couch and Bovver smoked. It wasn't exactly the best thing to do, but what is? To keep going on? That's the most ridiculous piece of advice Bovver has ever heard. It was hard to give Pete away. It was Bovver's fault. He made his bed, he had to sleep in it. It felt like he had to had fucked in it. It went too far. Stupid Tommy. Stupid Pete . How the fuck he got the idea that pulling Tommy's son in this would be a good thing? Stupid arsehole that Pete. He was a smart lad, unlike Bovver. Bovver had always been the right hand - not strong enough, not good-looking enough, not brave enough, not clever enough, not leader type enough. Pete always said that they were in this together. Ah, fuck it, Bov was never more than just a hand. A handful of trouble, usually. But nobody loved Petey like Bovver did. And Bovver betrayed him out of, what, jealousy? Yeah, he was jealous to Matt. A yank appears out of nowhere and, boom, suddenly he's like Pete's protégé. What the fuck, man? Then Bovver suddenly looked like the bad guy. Come on, he was used to be on Matt's place. The one who Pete always took care of. The one who was there for him. The one who would get his ass saved by him. The one who actually felt like he belongs here, like he's family. Fucking Matt, man. Bovver's bitter, he knows it. It's okay. Bitterness is a part of grieving progress. Bovver doesn't believe in that shit. He never did, he never will. Nobody ever died in a fight on purpose, hardly anyone died in a fight at all. Tommy had done it on purpose. It had frozen up everybody but Bovver. He still remembered it. Petey, his brother, lifting his head up a bit, then laying down again, not saying a word. Nobody fucking does anything. Bovver yells, screams. Fucking do something. You fucking arseholes, do something. Bovver holds Pete's hand. It's bruised, a bit swollen, just like his face. Nobody does anything. Come on, Pete, wake up. We're gonna get you fixed up, huh? Come on, Pete! Bovver doesn't know what to do. For a brief moment, he just sits there, watching Pete's face. He looks calm. He didn't exactly got his revenge. Bovver would get it for him. Bovver fucking would. Someone yells. They keep on fighting. Bovver cries. He holds Pete, sort of hugging him. For the last time ever. ","Summary":" They say life goes on. Eventually, everything will be fine. Sometimes life doesn't go on. Fuck it, "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Pompas de jabón","Author":"Candy'Striped","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5619116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N/A: Lo que reconozcáis, no me pertenece. Esto va para Allie, que me descubrió esta fantástica película ;) No tiene beta. ~C Pompas de jabón- Matt le debía mucho a Pete. Cuando Matt llegó a Londres, todo su mundo estaba descolocado. Le habían expulsado de Harvard, y ni siquiera era su culpa. Fue entonces cuando conoció al cuñado de su hermana Shannon. Pete. Al principio le había parecido un arrogante, un violento, pero más tarde le entendió. La euforia que sentía cada vez que el West Ham salía a jugar era incomparable. Quizás no era el mejor equipo de Londres, pero como Pete le había contado, tenía una de las mejores hinchadas. La GSE. Nunca le gustó la violencia, pero le empezó a coger gustillo a eso de repartir puñetazos. Se imaginaba la cara del gilipollas. Por culpa de ese gilipollas le habían expulsado de Harvard. Y se sentía bien, oh, genial. Pete le había enseñado lo que era confiar de veras en los amigos, le había descubierto la verdad sobre las pompas de jabón, como cruzaban el cielo. Pompas que volaban como en sueños. ** ","Summary":" N/A: Lo que reconozcáis, no me pertenece. Esto va para Allie, que me descubrió esta fantástica pelí"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Stand your ground","Author":"luacuof","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8424343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] They met by chance, in a street in Manchester. Bovver was the one to notice the other man and called him from the opposite sidewalk. \"Matt!\" The American crossed the street and reached him. They stood there stock-still, not sure about how to greet each other. Finally Matt went for a short and dry hug. \"God, Bovver... I wouldn't have recognized you if you didn't call me! Bovver had his hair shaved off. He nodded. \"That was the aim, more or less\" he said with a painful smile. \"Why you here in Manchester?\" \"I moved away. Could no longer live there\". Even with short hair, he hadn't given up the habit of nervously running his hand over his head. \"You?\" \"Business trip. I'm leaving tomorrow.\" \"What do you do now?\" \"I'm a journalist\" He said that with carelessness, but his look meant everything. Bovver sighed. He seemed to be about to say something, instead he swallowed, distorting his lips. \"How are you?\" Matt said after a brief silence. It wasn't a question which required a great answer. Bovver's face seemed to be made in wax. His cheeks, once already sunken, were even leaner. Bovver shrugged his shoulders. \"What can I say...\" and he truly didn't know what to say, 'cause he remained silent for quite a moment. \"I go on. Sometimes I wonder why, but I try to\". Matt nodded knowingly. \"And you, how are you?\" Bovver asked. \"Like you.\" It seemed to him that there was nothing else left to say. \"Well, it's been nice to see you\" he said, about to leave. \"How about we go take a beer?\" Bovver said with a strange flush. \"If you're not busy\" he went on, more uncertainly. Matt was caught off guard. \"Sure, why not\". Bovver raised a smile with resembled very much a guilty smile. Five minutes later they were sitting face to face at a table in the nearest pub, with two jugs between them. \"Like the old times\" Matt ventured. The sentence sounded sadder than he would've wanted. Bovver didn't reply. Again he seemed to swallow something that was impossible to say out loud. Short on conversation topics, Matt started drinking and so did the other man. \"Matt...\" Bovver said at once. His glass was almost empty. He inhaled deeply to take heart. \"I'm sorry. No single breath I take goes without me thinking of what I've done. I wish I could do something to make it up, to you, to everybody, but there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry.\" Only when he was done speaking he raised his eyes to look at Matt. He looked at him as if he was imploring him to say something. Like a defendant waiting for his verdict. Absolution or conviction. Matt remained silent. He struggled to think something to say, but found nothing. He only wanted to scream, and to cry. Bovver preceded him and started crying silently. Matt could stand no more. \"None of us can do anything\" he said. It was not much of a phrase, it wasn't even comforting, but it was the only thing he could think of. Bovver seemed to content himself. \"You deserve a lot, Matt, and I wish you to get all the best from life\" he said with the steadier voice he could find. He stood up and dried his tears with his sleeve. \"I... now I have to go\". There was something more than despair in him, now Matt could see it clearly, it was something that went much further. The waiting of the end. A calm, longing waiting of the end. It hurt him, for some reason. \"Bovver\" he stopped him. The other stood there, looking almost frightened of listening to what he had to say. \"You know, Pete would've said... stand your ground and fight\". Bovver shivered hearing that name. He looked down. \"He would've said many things. When I watch a good game, I think that he won't watch it. When I drink a beer I think, he will drink no other beers anymore. Every single morning I wake up thinking that he won't wake up. Every time I hear our anthem I seem to hear his voice... yes, Pete surely would've said that. You don't know what I'd give to hear him say that even just one fucking time. I'd give everything, I'd give my life.\" He said all of this in a low, empty voice, looking at the floor. Matt couldn't stop the tears from sliding down his eyelashes. Every word Bovver said spoke about him too. \"Fuck...\" he cursed to himself, drying his eyes in anger. Anger towards Bovver, towards himself, towards life that fucked them both. \"I'm sorry, I didn't... I'm sorry\" Bovver said. He stood looking at him for a second, then turned and went away, almost in a hurry. Matt didn't feel like finishing his beer any more. He didn't feel like doing anything any more. \"Stand your ground and fight\" he repeated to himself. He tried to recall how it felt to be brave. He tried to find again that strength Pete had taught him. He barely could find the strength to stand up and leave the pub, and he thought it was the best achievement he could hope to get. ","Summary":" They met by chance, in a street in Manchester. Bovver was the one to notice the other man and calle"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"I'm forever blowing bubbles","Author":"GabrielleWalker","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8008387","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour à tous, tout d'abord les personnages ne m'appartiennent pas, j'ai eu l'idée de ce petit OS un soir n'ayant rien à faire. C'est court, c'est niais, c'est bon pour la forme! Je vous souhaite une bonne lecture. Violette b, merci pour ta review^^ Je ne peux pas te répondre par message vu que tu n'es pas inscrite sur le site donc je te répond ici, ça me fait plaisir de savoir que mon OS t'a plu^^ Je l'ai vraiment écrit vite et sans le travailler ni le relire donc personnellement je n'en suis pas spécialement fière mais je me fie aux avis des autres. Merci encore^^ Pete et moi, on rentrait chez nous. Il était trois heures du matin et notre soirée à l'abbaye venait de prendre fin. Les verres d'alcool avaient fusé et les tournées avaient été infinies. Aucun des deux ne tenait réellement debout, on marchait difficilement en se soutenant par la taille et les épaules. J'avais l'impression que Pete était moins déchiré que moi parce qu'arrivés à la maison, il a eu la force de me traîner jusqu'au canapé. Mes souvenirs sont vagues, à peine avais-je senti le matelas que j'abandonnais mes dernières forces pour sombrer dans les bras de Morphée. Pete aussi avait dû s'écrouler dans son lit. Pourtant, j'aurais juré avoir senti sa grande main ébouriffer doucement mes cheveux avant de s'envoler. _ « Réveille toi mec, il est midi et j'ai les crocs. » _ « Hmmmpff. » J'émergeais doucement, assommé par la lumière du soleil qu'aucun rideau de filtrait. Pete venait de sortir de la douche et s'habillait. _ « Hmm… pourquoi tu ne te fais pas des pates au lieu de me réveiller ? » _ « Plus de pates. Les placards sont vides, on va manger dehors. Mais… pourquoi tu discutes là, je t'ai dit que j'avais faim aller active lève toi. » _ « T'es dur dès le matin… » _ « Ha ça, qu'est-ce que tu veux, je suis un mec c'est naturel. » _ « En quoi c'est naturel d'être du… imbécile… j'ai le droit d'être blasé ? » _ « Oui et t'as aussi le droit de te lever une bonne fois pour toute. Je t'ai assez attendu. » Je devais bien l'avouer, Pete était sympa. Il aurait pu partir sans moi au lieu de m'attendre. C'est pas les amis qui lui manquent. Mais la conséquence était que je devais m'activer et me lever alors que je sentais déjà arriver la fameuse migraine du « lendemain de cuite ». Ma foi, un cachet d'aspirine, une bonne douche rapide, des vêtements propres, et mon cerveau recommençait à se remettre en marche. Tout ça, c'était avant que Tomy Hatcher ne débarque à l'abbaye pour essayer de tuer Steve. On commençait à avoir un train de vie assez sympa, disons qu'on évoluait doucement dans un petit univers tranquille avec quelques bastons de temps en temps quand l'envie nous prenait. J'aurais pu rester aux côtés de Pete pour l'éternité, c'était la vie que je voulais, la vie que je vivais. Cette journée là, quand on est sorti manger dehors pour rejoindre les potes au bar, je crois que je réalisais quelque chose. A cause d'une chose que Bower avait dit quelques jours plus tôt mais mais qu'il avait insinué différemment cette fois ci. _ « Pete, faut que je te cause mon pote. Matt, permet que je te l'emprunte deux minutes. » _ « Bower, depuis quand tu demandes à Matt si tu peux me parler. Et d'ailleurs tu peux pas me parler ici ? » _ « Ho ça va mec, son cœur va pas s'arrêter de battre parce que t'es exceptionnellement à plus de trois mètres de lui deux minutes. » Je n'avais pas lâché un mot cette fois ci. Mais bizarrement, quand Pete était parti parler avec Bow, c'est précisément ça que je ressentais. Y'avait ce grand vide. Alors pour me dire que j'avais quelque chose à faire ici, je suis allé rejoindre les potes. De loin j'ai vu Pete tourner le dos à Bower et revenir vers nous. Il était déstabilisé, mal à l'aise. Peut-être même un peu en colère. _ « Matt, je rentre, tu fais quoi ? » _ « Je te suis. » Je me suis levé, j'ai pris mes affaires et je l'ai effectivement suivi. Et en me retournant j'ai vu un sourire vainqueur salement accroché à la face du vieux Bow, comme si quelque chose lui avait donné raison. Je commençais à stresser et à me dire que ce qu'ils avaient dit me concernait, mais à quel niveau… ? _ « Pete. Il est 20h, t'es sûr que ça va ? » _ « Oui. J'avais la tête comme une bassine fallait que je me pose. » _ « De quoi vous avez parlé avec Bower ? » _ « ça ne te regarde pas l'amerloque. » _ « Bien. » _ « Quoi ? Bien ? Mais non mais je sais pas moi tire moi les vers du nez, essaie de savoir, t'es pas drôle. » _ « Heu… » _ « Bon, il était inquiet. Encore une fois pour la réputation du club. » _ « Vis-à-vis de quoi ? » _ « Toujours la même chose. Toi, enfin non là c'est nous mais c'est pareil, je lui ai dit de pas s'en faire. » _ « Attend, comment ça nous ? Tu veux dire qu'il est inquiet parce que je traîne avec toi ? Il a peur que je t'américanise ? » _ « Nan mec, il me connait mieux que personne ce gars, et il voulait s'assurer de quelque chose. » _ « S'assurer de quoi ? » _ « Qu'on ne soit pas « Deux belles tarlouses » comme il dit. Tu veux un verre de vodka ? » _ « Oui s'il te plaît. Comment s'est terminée la conversation ? » _ « Je t'en mets un double. Non, en fait je sors la bouteille et deux verres, ça ira plus vite. » _ « Tu comptes te cuiter ce soir ? » _ « Ho, le ricain s'attendait à ce que j'aille me coucher à 20h00 c'est mignon. Tiens bois, ça te changera les idées. » _ « Merci. » Cette conversation m'avait mis mal à l'aise. Parce qu'inconsciemment je m'étais un peu retrouvé dans l'accusation de Bower. Je ne suis pas gay, pas que je sache en tout cas, mais ce que m'avait dit Pete résonnait en moi. Et je m'étais retrouvé forcé de changer de sujet, comme pour me sortir d'une impasse. Et puis il y avait cette façon d'agir, mon hôte paraissait bizarre, nerveux. Je le sens mal. Pete s'installa à côté de moi sur le canapé. Nous étions assez proches et un lourd silence régnait dans la maison. Cette sensation déjà présente depuis plusieurs jours commençait à s'emparer de moi. Sentant sa chaleur j'étais paralysé. Son odeur me parvenait et mon âme toute entière s'en délectait. Ne pas bouger, ne rien faire était ma mission première. Je ne devais pas déraper. _ « Pete je… » _ « Bower m'emmerde ! Ce mec me connait beaucoup trop pour mon propre bien. » _ « Pete… » _ « Tous les potes comptent sur moi pour remonter la réputation du GSE, tous ! Et moi je les enterre à cause d'un putain de ricain aux yeux bleus, fils de journaliste et ancien étudiant en journalisme. » _ « Pete. Prends ta décision. Tu sais que tu n'as qu'un mot à dire et je disparais de ta vie. Le choix te revient. » _ « Il est tout simplement hors de question que j'envisage la possibilité de te faire partir. Je ne te laisserais jamais t'en aller. » A ces mots j'ai senti mon cœur imploser. Et la pression d'un éventuel départ s'envola définitivement de mes épaules. Je voulais rester ici avec lui et les autres plus que tout au monde. Quand ma vie avait-elle commencé à graviter autour de Pete. Quand avait-il commencé à être mon moteur ? Je ne saurais le dire. Mais je n'avais qu'une seule envie, et c'était de le prendre dans mes bras. Cependant… je ne pouvais pas. Je ne devais pas. _ « Pete… » Il avait la tête posée sur ses mains, et les coudes posés sur ses genoux. Il n'avait pas encore levé les yeux vers moi une seule fois depuis qu'il s'était assis. Il regardait dans le vide, l'air de réfléchir. Alors presque contre mon gré, ma main alla se poser sur son dos. Je le vis fermer les paupières à ce contact, et ses côtes bougèrent en une longue respiration. Il se décida enfin à tourner la tête vers moi, l'air songeur mais le regard grave. _ « De toute façon maintenant il est trop tard. » Sans comprendre ce qu'il venait de se passer, je sentis les lèvres de mon meilleur ami sur les miennes, et sans réfléchir, je répondis à son baiser. Celui-ci se fit long, tendre. Une de ses mains vint effleurer ma joue tendis qu'une autre s'agrippa au col de ma chemise. Les yeux fermés, je vis comme des éclairs blancs, mon cerveau déconnectait à ce contact. Nos langues se retrouvèrent en un ballet transcendant et nos mains se firent plus actives. J'ignorais ce dans quoi je m'emportais, je me livrai totalement à Pete en qui j'avais une confiance totale. J'avais un besoin ardent de le sentir contre moi, de toucher sa peau brûlante. Je passai mes mains sous son tee shirt et du bout de mes doigts redessinait les courbes de ses muscles. Nos respirations étaient erratiques, nos cœurs se livraient à une course effrénée. Soudain, il se leva, me saisit le poignet et m'entraîna dans sa chambre. Nous reprîmes là où nous en étions, et savourions chaque seconde, chaque sensation de cette nuit magique. Le lendemain j'ouvris les yeux dans le lit de Pete. Je pris doucement conscience de ce qu'il s'était passé la veille et me blottit un peu plus contre son corps chaud. Il était visiblement réveillé et me regardait, tout en jouant d'une main avec mes courts cheveux bruns. _ « ça va ? Bien dormi ? » _ « Un peu mal à un certain endroit à cause d'une certaine personne mais ça va. Et toi ? » _ « ça va. J'ai fait mon choix. » _ « Le reste du monde n'est pas obligé de savoir si tu ne le souhaites pas. » A ces mots il me serra contre lui, comme par peur de me voir m'évaporer. _ « On avisera plus tard pour le reste du monde, pour l'instant nous sommes encore seuls. » Il déposa un baiser frivole sur mes lèvres et appuya son front contre le mien avant de reprendre la parole. _ « Ouvre bien grand tes oreilles journaliste manqué parce que je ne te le dirais pas souvent, mais je t'aime. » C'est à ce moment là que je sus vraiment et définitivement où était ma place, et elle n'était pas à Harvard en Amérique, elle était ici, chez Pete. _ « Moi aussi. » Quelques jours plus tard, nous nous retrouvions en face de la bande de Tomy Hatcher au port, le frère de Pete étant à l'hôpital. J'avais refusé de rentrer chez moi, abandonner l'homme que j'aime ici avait été impensable. Inenvisageable. Alors j'allais combattre à ses côtés, et venger mon beau frère. La bataille avait été dure, éprouvante, presque intenable. Et le moment de partir était arrivé. Il fallait de toute urgence reconduire ma soeur et mon neveu loin d'ici avant que nos adversaires décident de s'en occuper, mais regardant au loins, je voyais Tomy à califourchon sur le corps de Pete, inerte et pourtant encore rué de coups. Je ne réalisai pas sur le moment, j'avais juste cette vision ancrée dans mon esprit. Au volant du 4x4 noir je captais à peine la route, un automate aurait pu être à ma place. Des larmes s'écoulaient silencieusement le long de mes joues. Pete... Je repartais pour l'Amérique, le monde avait pris des couleurs ternes, les autres n'existaient plus. A Harvard, j'étudierais maintenant l'histoire. Je tâcherais de tirer profit de cet enseignement que m'a apporté le GSE. Dans ma nouvelle chambre à l'université je sortit une photo de la poche intérieure de mon blouson, où l'on pouvait nous voir tous les deux à l'abbaye, collés l'un à l'autre et un sourire sincère plaqué au visage, avec tous les potes en train de s'éclater derrière nous. Ma gorge se ressera et une perle salée s'échappa jusqu'à s'échouer au sol. \"Moi je fais des petites bulles, des belles bulles que je crache en l'air. Elles sont si belles, volent jusqu'au ciel, comme dans mes rêves à la fin elle crèvent. Où se cache donc la chance? ça me met en transe. Moi je fais des petites bulles, des belles bulles que je crache en l'air. UNITED! UNITED!\" A Pete... ","Summary":" Bonjour à tous, tout d'abord les personnages ne m'appartiennent pas, j'ai eu l'idée de ce petit OS "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Blood of the Soul","Author":"HooliganXYaoiXFangirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7600347","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story was supose to be drunken ramblings and it didn't come out like I wanted it but here it is Warning-ooc characters homosexual references Disclaimer-if I owned GSH bovver would have been ran over repeatedly by a semi truck Plot:89 Matt commits suicide Matt POV It had been exactly one year since my heart and soul shattered and died since Pete had died and it was all my fault I had told myself that I'd keep on living in a way that would honor Pete and everything he had done for me I just didn't realise how hard it would be how hard his *choked sob* death would hit me after it finally sunk in the he was gone I would never get to hear him laugh or call my name I would never again see him smile or grin or get to watch his eyes light up when a match or row happened I'll never be able to feel his arms around me again I had been keeping myself busy between school and work so that I couldn't think about him made myself a nice stash working odd jobs but I finished school I'm now a real full fledged journo how do ya like that Pete it's what you get for dying on me you fucking bastard now I think about you during the day in everything I do it somehow reminds me of you I cant keep you just in my dreams anymore and the thought of you fills me with a high until I remember your dead *broken laughter* ya know I sent Shannon and Ben back to Steve months ago now I'm all alone with just the ghost of you to keep me company your such an asshole I'm fuckin' miserable all the time miss you so bad I drink to numb it *drunken giggle* I think I might be an alcoholic now but it's okay cuz I'll be joining you soon ya know it's almost 3:00 the time you died I'll die to ya lost so much blood that day you remember blood was everywhere I have nightmares sometimes trapped in a glass box with blood your blood filling it up and no way out so here have some of mine *slits wrist with a pocket knife that Pete had given him* 3rd person POV letting his blood run over the tombstone and on the grass he laid down with his arms wrapped around the gravestone and his head on top through the blood you could just make out the words Peter Charles Dunham a while later as P etes brother, Shannon and his friends arrived they seen a dark haired man sleeping there with empty beer bottles scattered around as they got closer they saw the blood running to him it was already to late no one noticed the peaceful smile on his lips had anyone been looking they would have noticed two figures one blonde and one brunette wrapped around each other walking off and disappearing together as it should be ","Summary":" This story was supose to be drunken ramblings and it didn't come out like I wanted it but here it i"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Regret","Author":"Lady Camille","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7387892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Berkelana di fandom super pinggir. Yang bahkan pasti sedikit sekali yang tahu fandom ini.. Fic ini menggunakan POV Bovver , rate T , dan Angst —tapi sepertinya ini tidak menyedihkan. Enjoy! Aku menatap nanar pada lapangan hijau yang terbentang, melihat bola yang menggelinding. Teroper dari satu kaki ke kaki yang lain. Tapi pikiranku tidak sama sekali terfokus ke sana, hanya ada satu hal yang menguasai pikiranku. Seperti masih terasa saat dia menghembuskan napas terakhirnya di pelukanku. Rasanya tanganku yang berlumuran darah itu, rasanya seperti tanganku yang membunuh Pete Dunham secara tidak langsung. Ini memang salahku—aku yang memprovokasi Firm Millwall yang gila itu untuk menyerang bar kami. Yang menyebabkan ketua keparat mereka melukai Steve, yang menyebabkan Pete—lebih tepatnya aku yang menyebabkan semua petaka itu. Aku, aku tak akan pernah memaafkan diriku sendiri. Di sinilah aku berada, gegap gempita Boleyn Ground sama sekali tidak mempengaruhiku. Ini bukan pertandingan melawan Millwall, dan aku bahkan tidak tertarik memaki para Goonerette bodoh yang berteriak-teriak tolol itu. Aku lebih memilih duduk, meyaksikan lapangan dengan hampa. Bahkan aku tidak tahu berapa score pertandingan kali ini. Apakah West Ham lebih unggul, ataukah Arsenal yang memimpin pertandingan. Bagiku sama saja. Dan aku tidak yakin Gunners itu mampu mengungguli kami. Sebenarnya aku ingin sekali keluar dari Firm. Tapi apa aku sepengecut itu? Pete, dia menggengam tanganku saat itu. Aku—aku yang harus menjadi ketua baru GSE. Apa aku sanggup? Aku tahu aku bisa, tapi itu bukan dalam rencana hidupku. Aku telah bersumpah untuk membunuh orang yang membunuh Pete—Petey-ku. Meskipun setelahnya aku harus ikut mati, atau bahkan polisi lebih dulu memenjarakan aku. Aku tidak peduli, aku hanya ingin menghabisi orang itu. Dan aku tidak akan membawa nama Green Street Elite. Aku akan membunuhnya atas dendam pribadiku. A PeteBovver fic: Regret By Niero Green Street Hooligans © Lexi Alexander -o-o0o-o- . . Cemburu. Aku sudah merasakan kecemburuan saat pertama melihat Pete membawa bocah Amerika itu ke bar kami. Bocah yang sama sekali tidak ada tampang Hooligan, yang aku berani bersumpah dia bahkan tidak tahu apa itu sepak bola. Aku muak dalam sekilas pandang, aku merasa dikhianati. \"Bov,\" Pete menghampiriku, memelukku dengan erat seperti biasanya, \"Kemana saja kau, kenapa baru muncul?\" Aku tidak membalas pelukannya, lagipula aku memang tidak bisa—tanganku membawa segelas bir, dan satunya lagi memegang rokok. Pun aku tidak menjawab pertanyaannya, aku terlalu sibuk mengamati bocah Amerika itu. Dan Pete mengenalkannya padaku, sempurna. Dan semakin sempurna saat bocah itu mengulurkan tangan, ingin menjabat tanganku. Tidak sudi. \"Kenapa kau membawanya ke sini?\" ucapku dingin. \"Dia saudaraku, Bovver. Aku jamin dia akan menjadi seperti kita. Dia jago bela diri juga,\" aku tahu Pete membual. Please, orang bodoh saja tahu—lihat saja fisiknya itu, lemah, seperti perempuan. Dan wajahnya, tidak ada tampang pernah berkelahi, membunuh semut pun dia pasti tidak sanggup. Aku hanya berdecak kesal, dan menyingkir dari sana. Lihatlah, biasanya Pete akan merangkulku, menarikku duduk di sampingnya. Aku tangan kanannya—ingat. Tapi apa sekarang, dalam sejenak saja tempatku seperti diambil alih si—siapa namanya, Matt? What ever, itu tidak penting. Dan sangat memuakkan melihat teman-temanku juga begitu antusias pada bocah itu, bahkan menuangkan minuman untuknya, mengajaknya menyanyi bersama. Apa yang terjadi di sini? Marah, ingin sekali rasanya segera berangkat ke stadion secepat mungkin. Lalu memaki The Yid, atau berkelahi dengan Red Army di jalanan. Yang mana pun—aku butuh pelampiasan. . Sebenarnya, perasaanku pada Pete tak akan bisa membuatku marah padanya. Aku mengaguminya, dia ketua yang hebat, berani, kuat. Dia seperti duplikat Sang Mayor. Tapi tidak sebatas itu yang aku rasakan. Aku menginginkannya lebih dari seperti teman. Aku— \"Hai..\" orang yang sedang aku lamunkan muncul. Dan siapa yang mengikutinya itu, brengsek. Kenapa masih saja Pete membawa bocah itu bersamanya. Tidakkah kemarin sudah cukup menyusahkan? Lupakan fakta bahwa aku tidak akan bisa marah pada Pete. Faktanya aku marah. Aku benci. \"Lagi-lagi kau membawanya,\" aku tahu nada yang aku gunakan cukup sinis. Aku mendengus pelan, \"Kalian ini—seperti pasangan gay saja.\" Ironis. Apakah aku menyindir diriku sendiri? Lucu sekali, apa aku ini sedang cemburu sebenarnya? Pete mendorongku, sepertinya dia murka. \"Kau melewati batas kesabaranku, Bovver!\" Dan aku tahu, bahwa aku tidak punya harapan. Mungkin dorongan tadi tidak menyakiti fisikku, tapi saat dia melangkah meninggalkan aku dan kembali duduk di sisi bocah sialan itu, aku merasakan panas yang meluap. Aku berbalik, menggebrak meja billyard dengan kepalan tanganku, mencoba meluapkan amarah. Bocah itu—kedatangannya merusak Firm. Dan aku tidak akan membiarkannya. Benar, aku dikuasai amarah yang membutakan. Pada akhirnya aku memacu motorku, menuju daerah yang begitu terlarang—Millwall. . Inilah konsekuensi dari perbuatanku. Aku makin dibenci—Pete membenciku. Aku hampir membuat Steve meregang nyawa, The Mayor yang dulu begitu berkuasa ditikam atas provokasi dariku. Dengan tanganku aku merusak segalanya. Mungkin jika Pete marah padaku, menghajarku, aku bisa merasa lebih ringan. Tapi dia, kemarahannya tersalur dengan raut jijik, mengusirku, tidak mau melihatku lagi. \"Arrhhhhh!\" Aku berteriak keras, tanganku yang terus gemetar tidak bisa aku hentikan. Rokok di tanganku makin menunjukkan guncangan dari tubuhku, lebih parah saat aku mencoba menenggak cola, minuman itu justru tumpah—aku tidak bisa memegang botolnya dengan benar. \"Petey … Petey … maafkan aku … maafkan aku!\" Mataku nanar melihat sekeliling, aku hanya duduk di kursi taman seorang diri. Sepeti inikah aku—sendirian, aku tidak dikhianati, tapi akulah penghianat yang sebenarnya. Aku tidak pantas menjadi tangan kanan Pete. Dan entah sudah berapa kali aku menggumamkan namanya disertai permohonan maaf, sampai akhirnya aku jatuh terlelap dalam pelukan angin dingin yang membekukan. Kebekuan yang semakin menjadi saat pagi telah menyingsing, saat aku berlari begitu kencang. Apa pun yang telah aku lakukan sebelumnya, aku tidak bisa untuk tidak berada di sisi Pete. Aku harus bersamanya, kalau perlu mati untuknya. Tapi kenapa bukan aku saja yang mati? Kenapa harus aku yang menyaksikan kematiaannya? Kerusuhan yang berbuntut panjang. Teriakan memaki penuh umpatan, disertai balok kayu yang melayang, atau hantaman telak dari tangan-tangan terkepal. Riuh. Dan kemuadian menjadi hening saat teriakanku lebih mendominasi—memecah seluruh aksi brutal tidak beradab, menghentikan perkelahian yang sudah mendasar, permusuhan yang berakar dalam dan lama. West Ham United dan Millwall adalah seteru abadi. Tapi pecahnya perkelahian kali ini gara-gara aku. Gara-gara kecemburuan bodohku—ketidaksukaanku pada Matt yang mengambil Pete dari sisiku. Dan itu sama sekali tidak bisa dibenarkan. Ya, aku memang mencintainya. Aku mencintai Pete Dunham dengan seluruh hatiku, dan itu membuatku gila. Aku berteriak—meraih Pete yang terkapar berlumuran darah dalam pelukanku. \"Bov … terima kasih … kau datang … aku senang ….\" Aku tidak ingin kata-kata itu menjadi kata terakhirnya. Aku tidak mau, dan dia senang aku datang? Kenapa dia senang? Selamanya aku tidak akan pernah tahu jawabannya. . . -o-o0o-o- Aku masih duduk di atas motorku. Menatap nanar bangunan di seberang jalan. Riuh ramai terdengar, sepertinya ada pesta. Kurang tahu mereka merayakan apa, meskipun bisa ditebak kalau mereka sebenarnya merayakan kemenangan Millwall kontra Blackpool sore tadi. Jika ingin berpesta, harusnya aku tetap bersama teman-temanku. Aku baru tahu bahwa kami menang melawan Gunners saat peluit panjang dibunyikan, dan Boleyn Ground bergemuruh. Menang tipis 2 - 1, tapi yang penting kami menang. Dan jalanan juga aku lihat aman, yang aku tahu Goonerette tidak akan berani macam-macam, Firm-Firm mereka jelas kalah tanding dan kalah jumlah dari kami. Tapi ini bukan waktu untuk berpesta. Kami GSE bahkan masih dalam masa berkabung atas kematian ketua kami—Pete Dunham. Selain itu Sang Mayor juga masih terbaring di Rumah Sakit. Tidak ada alasan kuat untuk berpesta sampai pagi, ya, meskipun kami tetap merayakan kemenangan tim kebanggaan kami. Dan di sinilah aku, lebih memilih kembali ke Millwall—dengan tujuan yang jauh berbeda dari saat itu. Aku datang sekali lagi memang mencari orang yang sama, tapi kali ini untuk balas dendam, untuk menjemput kematiannya. Senjata api yang aku dapat secara ilegal tergenggam erat di tanganku, sasaranku tidak boleh lolos. Aku membidik kepalanya—kepala Tommy Hatcher. -o-o0o-o- FIN -o-o0o-o- Awalnya ingin membuat adegan pembunuhan berdarah. Tapi nggak ada mood untuk itu. Hhhh.. Saya hanya ingin menyampaikan perasaan Bovver, dan bagaimana dia menyikapi kematian Pete. Di Green Street Hooligans 2, kalau tidak salah Tommy Hatcher akhirnya mati di penjara. Tapi di fic ini, biarlah tangan Bovver yang melakukannya. Hah! Terima kasih untuk siapa saja yang sudah membaca, atau hanya scroll-scroll sampai bawah sini. Apapun itu terima kasih. ","Summary":" Berkelana di fandom super pinggir. Yang bahkan pasti sedikit sekali yang tahu fandom ini.. Fic ini "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Glue Back the Shattered Pieces","Author":"lynxzpanther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7035065","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Written because procrastination is my favorite hobby, and it bothered me that Shannon really did leave Steve, even though (in my opinion) it wasn't actually Steve's fault. Disclaimer: I don't own them. Matt knew his sister. Of course he did: they practically raised each other, what with an absent father and a pining mother. He could go years without seeing her and still feel completely comfortable in her presence. He could all but read her mind, and she his, so he knew as he watched her sit red- and hollow-eyed on the plane back to America, home-sweet-home, that talking to her about anything Dunham related was a no-go. Not that he could blame her. He bounced Ben, the nephew he barely knew, on his lap, and he tried very fucking hard not to think about the mates he'd left behind. Pete was gone. That much he knew. He hadn't even known Pete for a year, and he still knew the man well enough to know that he'd said goodbye. Matt wanted to hate his sister for coming, for causing Pete's death, but if it was her fault, it was his fault, and Bovver's, and none of them could deal with that on their respective consciences. No, Matt had to accept the death of his best friend somehow and move forward with whatever was left of his life. Which was nothing, really. Shannon had Ben, she had their dad, and she had Steve waiting for her if she chose to go back to him. Matt had a soiled reputation and rusty writing skills, the knowledge of how to fight and when to run, and not much more. Ben snuggled into Matt's shirt—he'd ditched the bloody coat in the trash, because that would have gone over with airport security like a ton of bricks—and fell asleep, his sweet face calm and innocent. The poor boy didn't know that he wasn't going to see his dad again, or his uncle—and just like that Matt was thinking about Pete. He couldn't help it. He liked Pete more than Steve—that was just a fact of his life. Steve was a good husband to his sister, a good father to his nephew, and he respected him for that. But as a person, he'd pretty much disliked his sister's husband until the man confronted him in the Abbey that his past was going to fuck him over, and then stood up for him against Pete when he'd been lying bloody and confused on the ground. In that moment, he couldn't really dislike Steve anymore, and that was a confusing feeling. He knew that most of his worry over Steve getting stabbed was for Pete's sake, and Shannon's, but a little of that worry was his own, which surprised him. So he didn't hate Steve, and he didn't like him, but the man wasn't a bad guy. Pete was a completely different story. He hadn't liked the other man when he first met him. Pete was loud, obnoxious, and annoying. But when Pete decided that tolerating a yank wasn't such a bad thing after all, he'd turned out okay. Matt had seen a new side of the man; Pete was loyal, brave, and sure of himself. He'd laugh just as soon as he'd punch you in a face, and that wasn't such a bad quality. Matt had decided Pete was an okay kind of guy—despite his clear-cut hatred of all things journalist—and that maybe being friends with him wasn't a terrible thing. So when Steve had attacked Pete for letting Matt get hurt, well, it just didn't seem like he had any choice but to step in and defend Pete. He hadn't expected to end up slammed against the wall with his brother-in-law screaming at him, but, well, things rarely turned out as he expected them to: like Harvard, case in point. Pete took him in, defended him against his best friend, and Matt knew that guys like Pete were one in a million. Swapping loyalties from his father and journalism to the GSE hadn't been too tough after that. He should have seen that he was taking Bov's spot; Bovver couldn't help being a jealous prick, it was just who he was. That Bov would get jealous of Matt's stunningly easy friendship with Pete was a given, if only Matt had cared to see it. Of course, Pete hadn't cared to see it, either, so none of them were really at fault. If only Shannon hadn't told Steve that he was a journalist; no, if only his dad hadn't visited at all. The man had been completely absent during his and Shannon's childhood; why he have to go and turn into super-Grandpa now? Then Matt would never have been talked into visiting the Times, and Steve would never have found out that Matt had once been determined to follow in his father's footsteps, and Steve wouldn't be lying half-dead in the hospital, Pete wouldn't be lying dead somewhere in some morgue, and Shannon, Matt, and Ben wouldn't be on this bloody plane across the Atlantic going to some home neither of them belonged in anymore. First things first, he had to fix things at Harvard. His life here in America and his life over that, across the pond, were two completely separate things. He wouldn't mix them—not when he found out Dave and all of them were in jail, not when he thought about Pete's kids discovering the death of their favorite teacher, not when Steve was released from the hospital and went quietly back to work. Not when Terry somehow got his address—probably from Steve, because Matt had sent a few letters; he couldn't stand to just abandon the man who'd lost everything in one fell swoop—and sent ahead Bov's obit. He did bring the lessons he'd learn there with him, though. Beating the shit out of Jeremy VanHolden wouldn't get him far in this world, but he had a few tricks up his sleeve. When Bov hadn't been off hating him they'd made a pretty sly team, and they'd come up with one too many cunning plans for that side of him to be lost. Yeah, he got settled back into Harvard, but then he had to settle the unfinished business of Shannon and Ben. Sending them back across the pond wasn't going to be easy for two reasons. One, Shannon still wasn't talking about Steve, still wasn't ready to; Matt didn't think she ever would be. Two, he saw Ben nearly every day now. The kid had grown on him and he didn't know how he'd cope with seeing him only once or twice a year, but hey. Maybe he'd move back to jolly old someday when the memories weren't so fresh and sharp and painful. Truth was, Ben missed his dad; Shannon and Matt could both see it, though Shannon liked to pretend she couldn't. The kid needed his dad, and Matt knew from his few feeble attempts at communication that Steve needed his family back. They'd just gotten Ben down for a nap when Matt confronted his sister, handing her a steaming cup of tea and sitting down across from her on the couch. \"It wasn't his fault.\" \"Whose?\" she asked, playing oblivious, but her eyes had narrowed just enough that he knew she knew. He was pretty sure she knew he knew, too. \"Cut the crap,\" he advised. \"I know you told Steve you would leave him if he put himself at risk; he never begrudged you that, and I won't either. But Shannon, Steve was protecting me. He wasn't out looking for a fight. None of us knew that Millwall would come find us and attack,\" he told her, skipping around the fact that Bov had led the rabid dogs right to their door—that would only confirm her belief that all firms were bloodthirsty and traitorous. \"He told me just before it happened that he would never do this to you, Shannon, and he meant it. Whatever happened was my fault, so please, don't take it out on him.\" She'd started crying at some point during his speech, and fuck, he hated seeing his sister cry. She reached out and took hold of his arm. \"You just don't understand, Matt,\" she whispered, and he frowned. \"I do, though, Shannon. I mess things up with you and him; I always have.\" She was shaking her head, determined to skirt around his logic, so Matt switched tactics. \"Ben needs his dad.\" She was sobbing in earnest now, but he couldn't hug her. He needed her mind to decide he was right, and for that she needed to face the truth head on. \"I can't go back.\" Matt shrugged. \"He needs you. You're enough like me that you know what that means, right?\" The most important lesson he'd learned from his time with the GSE was that you never left your mates unguarded. Protecting them was the best part of fighting. Shannon had protected Matt through their childhoods; she wouldn't fail to protect Ben and Steve now. Not when it mattered. \"He lost everything, Shannon.\" Matt left the room, knowing better than to stay. He was unsurprised but incredibly proud when she packed up and left the next morning, telling him to watch Ben for a couple of days. He got a single email from Steve the next day, and the two words warmed his heart: Thank you. Pete had died protecting the broken pieces of his brother's family; Matt had put them back together again. All was as it needed to be in the world once again. Reviews are love! ","Summary":" AN: Written because procrastination is my favorite hobby, and it bothered me that Shannon really di"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Bop Bop Baby","Author":"carriesagun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5733896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title:- Bop Bop Baby Rating:- Oh, PG-13 for swearing. Genre:- Comedy/Crack/AU Warnings: - Strong Language, I guess Fandom:- Green Street Hooligans Characters:- Pete Dunham, Dave Biano and Bovver Summary:- When Pete's ex-girlfriend leaves him with a baby for 8 hours, who will come out on top – the baby, or the GSE? Authors Notes:- It's all Claire's fault. BLAME HER. \"What is it?\" Bovver peered into the little basket, staring at the baby laid inside with a mixture of disdain and curiosity on his face. \"Smells like sh-\" \"It's a baby, and no fuckin' swearing,\" Pete replied, elbowing Bovver in the side. The baby opened it's eyes and seemed to stare back at them. \"Aw, she's sweet.\" \"What makes you think it's a she?\" Bovver was doubtful. To him babies meant child support, dirty nappies and late nights. He was becoming severely concerned that Pete was turning maternal on him. \"Well, the pink blanket? Kinda gives it away,\" Pete stated, then stepped back. \"Man she does stink!\" \"So? What d'you want me to do about it?\" They looked at one another for a moment, then Pete grinned. \"Phone the lads, tell 'em we've got a surprise for them.\" Bovver scowled and went into the hallway to make the phone call, leaving Pete to look at the little girl. She gurgled, drooling a little out of the side of her tiny mouth and he giggled, mopping it up with the corner of her blanket. He knew Emma was a bad shag from the start, but he'd never realised that gonorrhea wasn't going to be the only thing he got left with after sleeping with her. She'd appeared, handed the baby over and told Pete she'd be back at 6 after her mum's birthday party. Pete hadn't managed to get more than a few wordless noises out before she'd flounced off, and now he was stuck with a baby for... seven hours, ninteen minutes and twelve seconds. \"Dave says does 'e need to bring beer?\" Pete glanced at the baby then nodded, looking a little folorn. He was about to turn back to the little girl when she let out an ear-splitting shriek that rendered him deaf and blind for a few seconds, by which time Bovver had let out a string of expletives and the whole of the pink blanket was now brown. \"What the shitting fuck was that?\" Pete peeked over the edge of the basket and recoiled. \"Crap.\" He hunted briefly for the bag that Emma had dropped off with the baby and opened it, holding one hand over one ear to protect it from the noise the baby was making. \"Pete! There's somethin' wrong with your kid,\" Bovver told him, now finished making phone calls and staring bleakly at the little girl. \"Really? I hadn't noticed!\" Pete pushed past him and picked her up gingerly, avoiding getting poo all over his t-shirt – until she kicked her legs in sheer frustration and gave him a generous dousing in it. Pete hurriedly put her in the sink, peeling his t-shirt off and lobbing it into the sink with her. He started fighting with her baby-gro, tugging at the poppers that were far too small for his clumsy fingers until Bovver walked in, grabbed the collar and pulled the whole thing open. They looked at one another, a look of panic going between them, and then Pete lifted her out of the baby-gro, giving Bovver time to pull it out of the sink and throw it into a carrier bag. \"Just the nappy to go.\" \"Oh mate you are on your own with that,\" Bovver told him, tying the bag off with a sigh of relief and abandoning it on the worksurface before stalking back into the living room. Pete sighed and undid the dirty nappy, gagging as he fought it into a nappy bag and tied that up before throwing it into the bin. He heard the front door open and hoped it would be reinforcements, then glanced up to see Bovver bidding a hasty retreat. He tutted but swallowed his anger and turned back to the naked little girl, who was smiling now, banging a spoon against the sink and making baby noises loudly. She saw him looking at her and made a noise that sounded like a giggle, and he couldn't help but laugh a little. He ran the tap, turning it so it was away from her and flowing down the waste disposal until he thought it was a suitable temperature, then turned it back so it was like a miniature shower for her. She giggled harder and banged the spoon, and Pete smiled, washing the poo off her as quick as he could. Then he realised he'd left the bag in the living room and had no towel. \"Shit,\" he whispered, looking down at her. She held the spoon out towards him, and he saw her big, blue eyes, perfect mirrors of his own, staring up at him. He picked her up and she abandoned the spoon with a clatter, resting her chubby arms on his shoulder and watching the kitchen disappear as he made for the living room to find her some clothes. She screamed hysterically, laughing and gurgling to herself as he passed the West Ham flag. \"There's my girl,\" he said, and she beat on the back of his shoulder as she laughed. \"An' what do we sing? I'm forever blowin' bubbles, pretty bubble in the air,\" he started dancing around, holding her at arms length as he sang raucously. \"They fly so high, they touch the-\" \"What the hell are you doin'.\" Pete stopped and pulled the baby close again before turning around to see Dave and Bovver stood in the doorway looking at him. \"What? She likes the Hammers,\" he said proudly, and she gurgled a giggle, pointing at Dave. \"Say 'ello to Uncle Dave and miserable shit Bovver,\" he said, and Dave waved to her while Bovver frowned. \"Ain't she cute?\" \"No.\" Bovver slumped onto the sofa and Dave just gave him a look. \"Yeah mate, really cute. What's her name?\" Dave asked, stepping closer and holding his finger out to the baby. She grabbed it and tugged, giggling as it clicked and laughing harder as he shook his hand in pain. \"I dunno, Emma didn't say. Where're the others?\" \"They busy, but they'll be along later, don't worry,\" Dave replied, watching the little girl intently. She stared back defiantly, and Dave laughed. \"She's definitely yours, son.\" \"Yeah. Ain't she cute?\" \"I ain't saying nothing. Believe me. Red's sister turned up with this fuck ugly little baby, an' I can't stand her anyway, an' so I told her that the kid was ugly. I slept on the sofa for a month. I don't answer that kind of question any more,\" Dave said with a laugh, then noticed the bag on the floor. \"Don't you think we should put somethin' on her? I mean, bunch of blokes all around and she's flashin' the lot of us.\" \"I don't think she's old enough to quite understand modesty, Dave,\" Pete stated with a smirk, not realising that the baby was creating a tasteful mound of drool on his shoulder. \"Yeah, right. Oooh! Look! This is cute!\" Dave held up a little pink dress with big purple flowers on it, and a tiny pair of cream tights, and Pete smiled. \"She'd look cute in that! See if there's a little cardy to match, then grab a nappy and we'll do this thing.\" \"Pair. Of. Poofs.\" \"Sod off, Bov.\" Dave held the nappy in front of his face, then shook his head and turned it around. He repeated this several times until the nappy was back how it started and he was even more confused. \"'Ow d'you get this thing on?\" Pete laid the baby carefully down on the changing mat and looked at the nappy as though it was about to leap onto his face and suffocate him. \"Well, you... Like this... No... More like...\" He took the nappy and repeated the process that Dave had been through just a few moments previously. The baby laughed, a dirty giggle that only babies and toddlers can get away with without being admitted for sectioning. Pete glared at the nappy, and Dave just looked utterly hopeless. \"You pair of stupid bastards,\" Bovver said angrily, getting up and turning the nappy around. \"'Er legs go through them holes, and it does up 'round 'er middle there. Remember to put some of that weird cream on before, too.\" Then he retreated back to the sofa and continued to look miserable. Dave looked at Pete and mouthed 'cream?' then started rummaging through the bag again, smiling triumphantly as he found the Sudocream. Pete, meanwhile, had managed to get the back of the nappy under the baby, holding her feet like Shannon held Ben's, before liberally applying the cream that Dave offered. He then did the nappy up tightly and held the baby up, gently shaking her up and down. \"Stays on and everything!\" he said proudly, laying her back down before giving Dave a high-five. \"Right. Good. Now, 'ow do we get the clothes on her?\" They both leant over the baby, who was still giggling at them both, and then looked at the tiny clothes. \"Tights first, right?\" \"Right, yeah.\" Dave handed Pete the tiny hosiery and then glanced back at Bovver. \"Any words of wisdom, Oh Wise One?\" \"Oh no, this is you fucking problem,\" Bovver responded, and Dave flipped him the bird before turning back to Pete, who had succeeded in getting on leg in the tights but was having trouble holding her other leg still. \"Hold 'er foot,\" Pete instructed Dave, who did so and allowed the second leg to be rolled on. Then they both looked at the dress blankly. \"That's the front.\" \"Why's that the front?\" \"'Cause it's got a pocket on it.\" \"Ah. Okay, that's the front, then,\" Dave agreed, and put the front of the dress against her chest. \"Right, you pick 'er up, I'll do the back up. On the count of three, one, two, three!\" Pete picked the wriggling baby up and Dave snapped the poppers together, smiling proudly. \"There, done!\" \"Just the little cardigan now, and we're done.\" Pete put the tiny knitwear on the baby and they sat back, admiring their work. \"She's really cute, mate.\" \"Ain't she? But then, look at 'er dad.\" ","Summary":" Title:- Bop Bop Baby Rating:- Oh, PG-13 for swearing. Genre:- Comedy/Crack/AU Warnings: - Strong La"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"I'll Follow You Into the Dark","Author":"lynxzpanther","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6115376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay, I've been working on this for around two or three months now! I wanted to get it just right, but now I'm ready to let it out into the world. I changed up one scene a bit, but only one. I wanted it to stay canon as much as possible. Not much slashiness, rated T more for language. Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I definitely do not own Green Street Hooligans, nor any of the lines/scenes that you recognize from the movie. I merely own the way I spun this particular telling. Bovver leaned against the alley wall outside Pete's flat, watching his breath mix with the smoke from his cigarette in the cold night air. They were both drunk, but not too badly. They were busted up from their mediocre fight an hour previously, but it hadn't been very intense and they'd easily won. Pete, however, had lost his keys in the midst of things- his wallet too- so they'd walked all the way back here through the cold London streets. Bovver dropped his ciggy to the ground and crushed it with the toe of his sneaker, shoving his hands deep in the pocks of his coat. \"It's a fucking cold night, mate,\" he commented, breaking the silence. \"Yeah,\" Pete agreed quietly. Bov turned and looked at his best friend. \"You all right, mate?\" Pete's eyes were far away and almost sad. Whatever thoughts he was thinking weren't good, Bovver could tell that much, and he knew that Pete would never show this expression in front of any of the others. Pete was the leader of the GSE- the best damn firm in London- and he was everything their leader needed to be: confident, brave, loyal, and tough as nails. He couldn't be vulnerable, couldn't doubt his place; there was just too much to live up to when The Major was your older brother. Pete was worried that he couldn't do it, couldn't bring the Green Street Elite back to the top, and Bovver was positive that he was the only one that knew it. \"I'm fine,\" Pete said quickly, scuffing his toe in the dirt that had gathered at the building's edge. He glanced at the doorway. \"I should head up; we've got that game tomorrow.\" \"Pete,\" Bovver said quickly, reaching out and taking hold of his arm. Bovver hated feelings, hated feeling anything, but fuck if Peter Dunham couldn't get under his skin like no one else could. \"You didn't take what that cunt said seriously, did you?\" He tried to meet Pete's eyes and check if he was on the mark, but Pete kept his head ducked down obstinately. \"He was wrong. You're the best damn leader we could have ended up with, Pete, and everyone knows it.\" \"The Major was better,\" Pete said with a note of finality, but Bov wasn't going to drop it, especially now when he had some inkling of what was going on behind Pete's wide blue eyes. \"The Major isn't real anymore, Pete, and you know it.\" Pete shook his head and opened his mouth to argue, finally meeting Bov's eyes. Bovver didn't give him the chance, continuing, \"It took your brother years to get there, mate. You've got time.\" He saw something- reluctance, fear?- flash through Pete's blue eyes. \"You can't know that, Bov. Fuck it all, we could die tomorrow.\" Bovver shook his head, burrowing his hands deeper into his pockets. \"But we won't, mate.\" \"Bovver...\" Pete trailed off, looking down at the ground and back up again. \"Mate, I can't do what Steve did. I can't become the next legend. I don't have it in me.\" Bov narrowed his eyes. \"You do, Pete. Everyone knows it.\" Bovver hated to show feelings, but Pete had done it again- reduced him to a bleeding mess of confusion. \" I know it, mate. I believe you can.\" Pete stared at him, disbelief, incredulity, and finally humor flashing through his eyes. He started laughing, roughly clapping Bov on the shoulder. \" Fuck, mate, how much balls did it take for you to say that?\" \"Don't know what you're on about,\" Bovver huffed, reached out a hand to smack Pete upside the head. He blinked, and in that moment Pete took the advantage and knocked his arm aside and pinned him to the wall. \"What the fuck?\" He tried to push Pete away with no success; Pete just used the rest of his body weight to keep Bovver effectively restrained. Pete laughed and Bovver could smell the beer from the previous hours still on his breath. He knew Pete was drunk, but surely not that drunk, right? No. Even in the dim light he could see the mischief in his best mate's eyes. \"Poor Bovver- don't you even realize that's the most sentimental you've been in months?\" Bov rolled his eyes. \"Well, Pete, we can't all be bloody poufs like you.\" Pete laughed. \"You'd know, wouldn't you, Bov?\" His tone was half playful and half... something- Bovver couldn't quite pin it down. Calculating, maybe? Knowing, definitely. So just what the hell was it that Pete thought he knew? \"You're bleedin' pissed, mate; you ain't making any sense.\" Pete laughed. \"Really? Then maybe I'll just have to show you what I mean.\" And before Bovver could ask him just what the fuck he meant by that, Pete had leaned forward and kissed him. It was chaste and he pulled away after only a few seconds, but a triumphant cheer lingered in Pete's eyes. \"See, mate? If you weren't a bloody pouf you would have beat seven shades of shit out of me, huh?\" \"What the hell?\" Bovver wondered absently if he looked as frenzied as his mind felt. He could hear the wild confusion in his own voice and shut his mind down, clearing his thoughts out instantly. \"What the fuck was that, Pete? You had better be bloody pissed from all those drinks or I swear to God...\" \"What?\" Pete asked with a quite laugh, a small smirk playing on his lips. Those lips... Bov looked away, trying to pretend that he hadn't just thought that. Trying to pretend that he hadn't been thinking of Pete doing that for months, hell, years now. Pete leaned his head closer once more, lips only centimeters from meeting Bovver's own. His eyebrows raised. \"You going to say you don't want me to kiss you, then, Bov?\" \"I...\" Bovver trailed off resignedly, giving up on words. They weren't his friend right now. Instead he leaned those crucial centimeters closer and pressed their lips together. The kiss was only as chaste as the previous one for a few moments before Pete smirked once more and deepened it. Pete's tongue swept across Bov's bottom lip and he opened his mouth to allow access without even thinking. This wasn't thought, this was feeling, and Bov couldn't understand why he'd been so afraid of feeling before. This... how could I not have wanted this? Bov wondered absently as the taste of Pete filled his mouth. The man pinning him to the wall had overtaken all of his senses and, fuck, he never wanted this kiss to end. But Pete pushed away after a few moments, stumbling back and away from Bovver with a small smile. \"Huh. I thought as much.\" He glanced at the door once more before shooting Bov an evil grin. \"We've got to be up before noon to head off to that game tomorrow, though, Bov, and it's late. Meet you at the Abby tomorrow for some pre-game drinks, yeah?\" Bovver nodded numbly. \"Yeah, Pete...\" Peter disappeared inside and Bovver was left to make his way home, reliving the past minute over and over in his mind. Fuck. He must have gone mental, but he'd fallen for Peter Dunham and deep down he knew there was no going back. The next day, however, when Bovver returned to their table in the Abbey he saw not only Pete but a new kid tagging along. He was dark haired and bright eyed, a couple years younger, and Bov hated him on sight. Pete introduced him as his sister-in-law's kid brother, but the words did nothing to lessen Bov's jealousy- jealousy? When the fuck did he ever get jealous?- and he spurned the kid's polite hello. Their mates had seemed delighted with his loutish behavior, so it must not have been entirely unexpected of him. Pete laughed and regarded him somewhat reproachfully, chiding, \"He's practically family, mate.\"Bovver had grinned a little and flashed him an angelic \"who, me?\" face, and the others all laughed once more at his feigned obliviousness at the slight to the yank. A fucking yank. What the hell was Pete thinking, bringing a yank to the Abbey- hangout of the one and only GSE- right before football? Telling himself that he wasn't jealous Bovver went and found a pretty girl to snog and talk sweetly to. He was aware of Pete staring at him whenever he could get away with it and, after a time, Bov felt somewhat ashamed for acting like a child. He filled up his class once more and went off to sing songs and discreetly watch the yank for a moment when he could confront him... alone. That moment came about half an hour later as Matt entered the bathroom all by himself. Bovver went in, important and angry- not jealous- and scared the shit out of Pete's new best mate. Confident that he'd done enough to scare the kid off, he listened with secret glee minutes later as Matt told Pete that he wasn't feeling well and wanted to head home. Pete, however, ruined it by telling his little yank that there was no way he was missing the game and teased him before dragging him off, arm around his shoulder. And, God, maybe Bov was a little jealous. So maybe he felt inclined to do something to gain back that attention during the game. Just maybe. And hell, they would be fighting the rival firm later anyways. Why not rile 'em up? He was kicked out of the match, but for the admiration of his mates after it was easily worth it. \"Stuff of legends,\"Pete had told him, making him grin with pride for the moment. To make it all better, the yank headed home- didn't want to fight, naturally- and, finally, there was no competition. Then Pete had a bad feeling that something was up and they'd backtracked, finding that Matt had been jumped by some of the gits from Manchester. They'd easily beat up the three, defending Matt, and headed off happy. Or tried to. A rock to the van had them running off after the gits from the firm to find all fifty or so pumped for a fight. Dave and Pete had been so proud of their new little prodigy and his first fight, enough that it almost made Bov sick. He left the Abbey early that night, accidentally passing Pete on the way out. Arms laden with beers for the group he looked confused when he saw Bovver at the door. \"Where're you going, mate?\" \"Home,\" Bov told him simply, shoving his hands into his pockets. \"Why? Mate, the party's only just getting started!\" Bov shrugged. \"I guess I'm just tried.\" Before Pete could respond he turned and walked out, knowing that he'd probably hurt Pete with his careless comments. He just couldn't think right with the yank around. Tomorrow the yank would be gone and he'd be able to straighten things out. With that to look forward to Bovver headed home. Needless to say, Bov was just a little pissed off when Pete walked into the Abbey the next day with Matt tagging along. \"Jesus,\" he burst out without thinking. Pete shot him a glare as he sat down, but Bov headed over undeterred. \"If I didn't know any better, I'd say you two was a couple of gay boys,\"he continued. It was a stupid thing to say, but he was trying to get a rise out of Pete. Pete sighed and stood up, swaggering over to Bovver as he began to speak. \"Bov,\" he said slowly, and Bovver hung on every word, now slightly worried about what effect his words would have. He never thought! \"We've known each other a long time, yeah? I trust you more than any other bloke I know. But you're getting dangerously close to crossing the line with me. If you've got a problem, then it's your fucking problem, not mine.\" It was probably the coldest thing he'd ever said to Bov, and pretty damn far from the truth as well. It was only then that Bov remembered all the others in their pub watching the scene play out. Pete leaned closer with his next words, their foreheads now only inches from touching. \"If you want to discuss it further, we can go outside.\"Bovver had started to move, but one of their mates- Bov didn't pay attention to who, he didn't care- shoved between them and held out a beer to each. \"Beers, boys,\"he told them, but Bovver blew him off. \"I'll take you up on that offer, then,\" he carelessly told Pete, heading off out the door. He heard another trademark sigh as Pete followed him. He'd obviously hoped they may have settled it all there. But Bov hadn't gotten his say. \"Alright, mate, what the fuck is all this about then?\" Pete asked, leaning casually against the wall. \"What's with you and the fuckin' yank?\" Bovver asked, knowing to just get to the point before Pete decided to blow him off. \"He's practically family,\" Pete told him, repeating what he'd said the day before. \"He got in the middle of an argument between me and Steve and my brother kicked him out. He's nowhere to go, Bov- what do you expect me to do?\" Pete asked him wearily. \"What, so now you're going to let him live with you?\" Bov hissed angrily. \"What the hell do we even know about this boy, anyway? Yeah, he's your brother's wife's brother! What else?\" Pete shrugged. \"I can't just leave him, Bov.\" He looked up to the sky before finally meeting Bovver's eyes. \"There's nothing between us, Bov, if that's what you really think. And besides, what was with you and that bird yesterday? Snogging in the Abbey?\" Bovver shrugged the comment off. \"Come off it, I was only having a good time.\" Pete glared at him. \"Yeah? Well, you've got your life, I've got mine. Maybe it's best we just stay mates anyways.\" With that he headed off back into the bar. Bovver was left behind, slightly shell-shocked from how the argument had played out and what he'd just lost. He slammed his fist into the stone wall, wincing as it scraped and bloodied his knuckles. Fine then. He was probably better off without the cunt, anyways. He shoved back through the doors and went back to his pool game, vehemently ignoring the two men across the room. Once they'd left a few hours later, however, Bov began to feel guilty. Again. He headed off to Pete's flat, praying that, by some miracle, Matt wouldn't be there. He rapped hard on the door a few times and waited impatiently for it to open. \"What?\" Pete asked without prelude when the door opened. Bov sighed. \"I'm sorry.\" Pete glared at him for a moment before nodding and heading back inside. He hadn't closed the door, though, so Bovver took it as an invitation and followed him in, shutting the door behind him. \"Is that yank here?\" he called after Pete- he hated the silence. \" Matt's gone, yeah,\" Pete said after a moment, coming back from his room with a beer in his hand. He dropped down on the couch- still covered by a sleeping bag- and looked up at Bov pointedly. \"Why are you here?\" Bov dropped down next to Pete and shrugged. \"I already said it. I'm sorry.\" \"Yeah?\" Pete asked. \"What if I don't care, Bov? Don't you know that you'll always be sorry for something? You always have been.\" \"I fucked up, Pete, but I really didn't mean it. You said it before: you trust me more than any other bloke. Can't you give me a chance?\" Pete tipped back his beer and downed it. Even when Pete was angry with him, debating whether to be logical and tell Bov to shove off or to be emotional and take him back, Bov still couldn't help but notice how sexy he looked. He was so fucking screwed. \"I gave you a chance already, Bov. How many do you expect? Like you said before, I've got no business babysitting. I don't want to have to make up for every time you fuck something up. Bugger off.\" Bovver was almost surprised that the logical side of Pete had won out. It was there, it had its say, but Pete seemed to let his nicer side reign more often. It was what made him the best leader they could have- even better than Steve had been. It was why Bov was sure he could bring back the GSE. It was why he trusted the yank. But he didn't want Bov. He'd made that much clear. If even the nice side of Pete couldn't outweigh the logical one, Bov didn't have a fucking chance in hell. Shit. He stood up slowly and headed out, but as he opened the door he felt a hand on his arm. He froze, but he didn't turn and look. If he did, it wouldn't be real. \"Bov,\" Pete said quietly. \"Don't...\" The hand left his arm and he heard an almost angry sigh behind him. Before he could stop himself Bovver turned and looked anyways. Pete was there, not just his imagination, and he was looking at him sadly. \"Don't go. I didn't mean...\" Pete gave up on words and just closed the short distance, kissing him. Hell, it may not have been what Bov had expected- even back when he hoped for another chance at this- but he was not complaining. This was heaven. Bov quickly took control of the kiss, pushing Pete up against the wall. Hands were roaming, jackets were shed, and shirts were being hastily unbuttoned and pulled off when he heard a sharp gasp from behind them. A surprised, \"Oh...!\" had them pulling apart and the both turned towards the door to see... ...Matt standing there, jaw slightly agape, staring at them and looking thoroughly confused. \"I didn't... I mean... I'll just...\" He ran a hand through his messy dark hair and blinked a couple times. \"I'll just go and... um... see Shannon?\" he suggested awkwardly, pointing his thumb behind him at the door, which was still cracked open. Only then did Bov realize that they'd never shut it, lost in the moment... and each other. \"Matt...\" Pete started before he stopped. Bov turned to see that he was staring at the ground. His cheeks were flushed and he was looking anywhere but at the two men in the apartment. Bov turned back to the yank defiantly, daring him to say something, anything, to piss him off and start a fight. Matt didn't seem to notice- he was still looking at Pete. \"It's not... I don't... uh…\" He stopped again, seeming to try to think about what he was going to say before he attempted stringing words together. \"I didn't know,\" he finally said. It wasn't the most intelligent of sentences, but it was more than he'd gotten out before. \"There's a lot of things you don't know,\" Bov told him sullenly, but Pete shot him a glare and he shut up. He'd already fought with Pete once today, he couldn't afford to make an arse of himself again so soon, so Bov stuffed it like a good little boyfriend. \"I should've told you,\" Pete said quietly. He still wasn't quite looking at Matt, rather just over his head. \"You don't have to go... if you want to stay still, that is.\" \"Of course I want to stay!\" Matt said, too quickly for Bovver's liking really. \"I just don't want to...\" Matt looked down and a blush highlighted his cheeks before he continued, \"ya know... interrupt... anything...\" He dropped his bag and pulled the door back open. Pete looked at him now, opening his mouth to say something, but Matt cut him off. \"I'll be back later, Pete. Just... see ya.\" Matt shot Bov a somewhat understanding smile and a, \"Bye, Bovver,\" before he was gone and the door clicked shut. \"Well... maybe the yank isn't as bad as I may of thought,\" Bov admitted with a sigh. He didn't like being wrong. Pete grinned at the admission. \"Is anyone ever as bad as you initially think they are? You hated every one of our mates in the beginning.\" Bov shrugged. \"So? That was the one thing I said before that was true. You trust lads too easy. I'm your best mate; I've gotta compensate.\" Pete shot him a crooked grin. \"If you say so.\" Bov grinned and closed the distance between them once more, kissing Pete thoroughly and leaving no room in his mind for any other thoughts, no breath for any other words. For the moment, things were right again. Bovver was trying to be good and to not mess things up. But he couldn't help it if he just hated that yank. Really, who wouldn't? The lucky bastard got to live with Pete, and Bov still wasn't sure if they could even trust him. Could he really be blamed for being suspicious about a random yank living with the current leader of the GSE? So when he walked into the Abby the next night and saw the two of them there, Bov couldn't help but duck out the back exit. Yeah, he missed Pete, but not that much. He just couldn't risk messing things up further. Of course, that didn't necessarily justify going into Tommy Hatcher's territory. It was stupid, but hey, most things that Bovver did were incredibly dense. It was sort of an eye for an eye type of thing- if Pete wanted to let a yank into their midst, then why shouldn't Bovver consort with the enemy too? Not that he planned to talk to them, mind; this was just to prove a point. To himself, because Bovver doubted Pete would ever find out and didn't really want him to. Tommy Hatcher wasn't even there, but Bov didn't mind. It was lonely to eat alone, but Bov's whole fucking life, so what damage could a few more lonely hours do? And, of course, Bov's luck couldn't hold. When did it ever? Tommy walked in flanked by two of his other cronies. \"Well, if it's not my old mate Bovver! How you doing, son?\" he said in a falsely jovial tone that had Bov wanting to wince. He glared instead and did his best to ignore Tommy- maybe that'd be the key to getting left alone. As if. A few words filtered though, though, \"What's this I heard about your firm going all fucking international?\" Bov stiffened a bit- really, news of the yank had traveled this far that fast? Damn blood snoops... Tommy called him out for ignoring him and this fucked up conversation and Bovver was forced to look up from his food levelly. He wasn't scared. Being outnumbered five to one was nothing to be worried about, right? \"S'only temporary,\" Bov finally said in answer. Then Tommy was hollering at the whole damn place to be quiet for his conversation and Bov looked down again. He wanted to kick Hatcher's ass, but that wasn't smart, and for once Bov needed to think... It was harder to maintain noble intentions when Tommy was talking to him once more, making fun of Pete this time. Bov's blood boiled and he was shooting insults back, hardly thinking about what he said. Tommy was pissed, but he took it out on the loud couple near them, yelling and insulting those people and the GSE alike, crazy bastard. When Tommy started slamming the fairly innocent bloke's head into the table, over and over with what looked like some pretty mean force, Bov had to stand up and drag Tommy off. \"That's enough!\" Then Hatcher was in his face, yelling at him as Bovver tried to hold his ground and back away all at once. Because, fuck, this man was a lunatic and it was terrifying when he openly displayed it. \"That's enough? I'll tell you when it's enough!\" But the other Millwall freaks called Tommy off and scattered. With a last threat Tommy followed and Bovver was left practically swaying with relief. He sat back down at his table, not knowing what else to do, but the food didn't seem particularly appetizing now that his stomach was doing flips. Fuck it all, why did he always screw things up? Yeah, Bovver hated the yank, but after the Manchester ordeal he had to admit- the kid was fucking sly. Yeah, they'd almost gotten in a fight and pissed Pete off, but once the plan had been carried out it had to be admitted that the yank- Matt- had balls. Maybe, just maybe, he was GSE material. So maybe Bov could do what Pete wanted and try to accept him. It seemed to go a long way to solving a lot of problems. Especially the ones between him and Pete. For a long, long time things worked. Yeah, it was strange how fast Matt had wormed his way in, but he was one of them now. Bov was a bit edgy at times, but he was that way with all the others, truth be told. The yank was one of them, he'd rightfully earned his place, so Bov let things lie and didn't snoop farther... He was glad to just move things farther with Pete. Being with Pete was worth almost everything in the world. The draw! The draw! It was the ultimate high: the biggest rivalry, a chance the GSE hadn't had in ten years. \"...you're not gonna believe who I just saw walk into the times!\" \"What?\" Bov paused; fucking journos, what now? \"Who?\" \"Our little yank mate!\" Four words and all of the animosity that had been long buried away came right back to the surface. \"I fucking knew it! I knew there was something dodgy about that little cunt!\" Bovver seethed. \"Yeah, mate, he's sly.\" Exactly. Hadn't Bovver thought the same thing before? Fucking schemer. \"Yeah, mate, tell you what, pick me up after work.\" \"All right mate, all right, see you after work.\" Telling Pete wasn't one of Bovver's happiest moments, but it didn't altogether suck, either. He couldn't help it; he liked to say \"I told you so.\" \"You sure about this, Bov? 'Cause coming in here like this, you fucking well better be.\" Bovver mumbled a reply, clapping Pete on the shoulder before moving past him. No, he wasn't sure, but he was as sure as he could get. After all, wasn't that why they were here? He couldn't shake an uneasy feeling that hovered over him, but he snooped around and ignored it, thinking that maybe this could all end with minimal pain. Pete would be all his again. Things would go back to normal. Right? Watching Pete yell at Matt like an avenging angel, fucking gorgeous, was amazing, yeah, but it didn't sate that betrayed- and slightly jealous- hunger within Bov. So he yanked him up and started pounding on the yank, the kid too stunned to properly fight back. Steve, The Major, shoved him back and Bov let the kid lie on the floor for a bit as the brothers yelled it out, confident that he'd get his shot to continue beating the crap out of the traitorous leech in a few moments. \"You sure you know what you're doing?\" \"He's fucking undercover!\" Pete yelled, angry as hell. Hurt. And Bov hated that, seeing him hurt. \"Don't tell him nothing!\" \"I said are you sure,\" Steve shot back determinedly. Then it got through to them. \"What?\" Pete looked a tad horrified and even more hurt than before. \"You already knew?\" \"All I know,\" Steve said, \"is he studied journalism, right, at Harvard. But he's dropped out. \" \"We found his journal, full of stories about us...\" Pete told him. \"It's just a fucking diary!\" Matt shouted from the ground. \"Ned saw you at The Times with a couple of journos!\" Pete yelled down at him, face contorted with rage. \"That was my dad- he's the journalist; you knew that!\" Matt defended, indignant. Bov's world seemed to spin confusingly, things being torn out of place and reassembled in what appeared to be the wrong order. It all felt wrong. Pete couldn't... He turned on Pete: \"His old man's a fucking journo and you knew about it?\" Was it just him, or did Pete look guilty. \"Look, that don't mean nothing here, Bov,\" Pete said, refusing to look at him. \"It what? He studies to be a journo, his old man is a journo, what's the fucking difference?\" As Bov got angrier Pete was forced to look at him. \"You let one of them get in with us!\" His voice hitched at the end; he was almost hysterical. That wasn't good, Bov did not show weakness, not like this, not now... \"I wasn't trying to get anything!\" The yank defended, his own hysteria obvious in his tone. \"You shut the fuck up!\" Bov exploded, all of his anger at Pete, Steve, Matt, this fucked up mess channeled into this. He kicked out at Matt and before he knew it Pete was slamming him into the wall, yelling at him about how wrong it was to kick someone when they were down, no matter how much of a git they were. Now Bov's head was fucking bleeding and Pete was angry at him and none of this was his fucking fault! \"What's fucking wrong with you, eh? He's gonna bury us all and what, you're gonna sit down and watch him do it?\" And Pete just stared him down. Bov got a bit more panicked and turned to Steve for help. He was no Pete, but he had enough of a rep to carry them on for a bit... \"Nah, nah, Steve, you're The Major! You started this firm! I'm speaking for all the boys here when I say we've got the biggest ruck of our lives coming up and your brother's too much of a ball job,\" he shot the insult haphazardly in Pete's direction, his own betrayal pouring into the two words, \"to lead us!\" Steve just looked him in the eye and steadily said, \"The GSE is Pete's firm now. He calls the shots.\" Bov looked finally at all the other guys, his mates, but none of them said a word. None of them would back him. \"Well, fuck the lot of you! GSE?\" He shoved his way through the crowd that had gathered to watch. \"Get out of my fucking way!\" He was out and on his motorbike, riding away. He had a general destination in mind. His logical mind was screaming at him to turn around and go home, but he was too pissed off. Bov was a fighter and if Pete wanted to go down, fine (here his heart lurched- damn that infuriating man), but Bov was not going down with him (even if he really, really wanted to). He would not give in to the urge to turn around, apologize, and let the GSE fall to dust. No. Bov would be better than that. He head into Millwall's bar, looking for Tommy specifically this time. \"Bovver. You know we're gonna have to stop meeting like this, don't you, son? People are gonna start to talk. So what'chu doing up so late on a fucking school night, anyway? Shouldn't you be at home with your pals all shitting at the thought of us turning you over?\" Bov had to remember that he couldn't be angry at that- he wasn't a GSE right now. \"What, ya have a lover's tiff?\" That was far too close for comfort and Bov really didn't want to add his and Pete's... whatever it was that they were into the mix right now. Because things had been good. They had been fucking amazing. But the damn fucking yank had messed it up again. \"What do you want, Bov?\" \"Fucking yank's an undercover journo,\" Bov said dully. They all laughed. Bov vented a bit, trying to ignore the guilty feeling building inside of him. \"What makes you think I'd want to sort that out for you?\" Tommy asked, almost curious. Because even Bovver couldn't be that stupid. \"Because The Major's there, too.\" For a moment Tommy almost looked human again. \"Stevie Dunham's there?\" Bov nodded at the shell shocked man. Everything would be okay now. This could all be fixed. They'd see. \"This is how it's gotta go down...\" Bovver started as they stood outside the Abbey. He couldn't get cold feet now, after all, but suddenly he wonder how much control he had. And then it all went black. Bov woke up and felt the back of his head- it fucking hurt- and his hand came away with blood. That he could see, in the dark, and was it warmer than normal out? He looked up and saw countless people fighting outside the Abbey, the windows all busted in, the building smoking from a fire. He saw Pete and the other boys half dragging someone out of the building and ran over to see Steve, his throat slit, gurgling screams filling the air. Bov tore at his hair- no, this wasn't happening. No. He began to shake his head, hyperventilating for the second time in an hour now. \"Why would you fucking do that?\" one of them asked, but he couldn't think, couldn't respond. Then Pete was looking up at him, angry and scared and oh God Pete... \"Get a fucking car!\" Bovver didn't fully compute what he was saying, but his body rushed to do whatever it was told, his mind screaming \"I told you not to\". He pulled at a car door but the smart owner had locked it. Bov smashed in the window and reached in to the lock, ignoring the alarm that was now going off. Bov frantically ran back over and began to lift Steve, towing him to the car almost without help from the others. Someone opened the door and they lifted him in back, Bov running to the driver's seat and pulling out, regardless of anyone else around. If Pete's brother died it would be all his fault and shit, how the hell could he ever live with that? They pulled up in front of the hospital and he honked the horn before jumping out, leaving the car running. Matt and Pete piled out as well, Bov and Pete pulling Steve out of the car as quickly and yet carefully as they could while Matt ran ahead, opening the doors and yelling for assistance. They passed Steve over to the doctors who pushed him onto a gurney, Matt and Pete running after it before coming to a halt in front of the ER doors. As they sat Bov knew this might well be the very last time he was ever allowed near Pete. Even for his stupidity, how could he have fucked things up this bad? Bovver was shaking, a mess, and all he could think about was the one person he loved who would probably never want to see his face again. Bov played absently with his lighter while they waited for Pete to tell them the news. Matt was on his feet as soon as Pete started to head back towards them, but though Bov wanted to be he knew this wasn't his place. He needed to wait for Pete to come to him. In the next moment Pete did, shaking his head as he came. \"Trusting lads,\" Pete said scathingly, his tone more vicious than Bov had ever heard it. He was afraid to hold Pete's gaze, but afraid not to as well. He ended up looking down, unable to see the hatred Pete's eyes now held. \"You always said trusting lads was my problem. I trust lads too much. Trust the yank too much. This is how you prove your point?\" Pete sounded like he wanted to cry, but Bov could tell it was more from the anger than the hurt. Just from sheer pain, and it was all Bov's fault. He'd gladly kill himself for it. He'd do anything just to make it go away. \"Backstabbing me? Teaming up with Tommy Hatcher to kill The Major? Kill my fucking brother?\" \"I'll kill Tommy,\" Bovver vowed desperately, crying now. \"Just say the word and I'll do it.\" \"I don't need you for that,\" Pete said. He said his next words carefully, surely, each one aimed to cut as deep and deadly as possible for a reminder: \"I don't need you for anything anymore.\" Everything was over. Bovver had known it, but he had hoped... He reached out blindly as he started to cry harder but Pete pulled his arm back. \"Go. Away.\" \"No, please,\" Bovver blubbered. He tried to keep talking, saying anything, but the lump in his throat was too fucking tight and all his mouth could do was form words that refused to escape. So he put his head in his hands and cried, pissed at the world, himself, and just wanting this all to go away. Bov didn't know what bridge he'd ended up on, or exactly why, but all he knew was he needed to get as drunk as possible and hopefully wake up with a blanked out memory, or just not wake up at all. \"I'm forever blowing bubbles!\" he screamed out into the night, standing on the bench. \"Pretty bubbles in the air! They fly so high, they reach the sky... and like my dreams...\" Bov's voice caught there and he couldn't finish it. And like my dreams they fade and die... It was too real, too much, and he collapsed into a crying mess once more. He couldn't think of a single thing he wouldn't give to have Pete back. He was prodded awake the next morning by an officer. His memory all flooded back and suddenly he was up, the empty bottle clinking against the pavement as he raced off. He had to find Pete. He had to fix things, even if Pete wouldn't let him. This guilt wasn't something that could be lived with, so Bov would make amends, if not for Pete than for himself. He'd stop being stupid and do something downright good for once. When he finally made it the fight it was well underway- you could barely pick out a GSE mate from a Millwall enemy. They were all tangled and mixed with the screams and blood, all people, and it was strange and exciting. Bovver's eyes sought out Pete and found him just as Tommy took him down, a fighting cane in his hand. Bovver was running then, tackling Tommy away before he could do any lethal damage to Bovver's fucking god, the center of his universe. He slammed his fist again and again into Tommy's face, revenge for everything that had happened here. It wouldn't fix things, but it sure as hell was starting to make him feel better. He ran back to Pete before anyone else could take advantage of the man being down. \"Me old mate, Bovver. Never could turn away from a scrap.\" \"You know me, bruv,\" he agreed, surveying the damage to Pete before starting to haul him up. Matt was suddenly there at Pete's other side helping, Pete screaming as weight hit his broken knee. Together they dragged him out of the fighting and to a nearby wall. Then a car was driving closer and Matt was screaming, Pete yelling at Matt. Steve's wife stepped out of the car as it rolled to a stop, her eyes scanning the fray. \"Shannon, stop!\" Pete insisted desperately. \"Matt!\" the crazy woman yelled. \"Shannon, stop!\" Pete yelled again. Bovver started looking back at the mass of people, trying to find Tommy... Matt was gone to the car, his crazy sister now having locked herself inside, and there was one of Tommy's closer lapdogs tussling with the yank, who appeared to be losing... Suddenly Pete grabbed Bov, swinging him round to face him. \"Bov! You wanna make up for what you've done, get my brother's family out of here.\" Bov looked at the fight and back at Pete before he was being shoved away, towards the car. He took a flying leap and kicked the guy back against the hood. He and the yank took turns whaling on the fucker until he was down for good. And Shannon and Matt fucking turned back as he herded them to the doors, fucking tried to go back towards Pete. Bov pushed them towards the doors again. \"Get in the fucking motor!\" he cried, ignoring the silly woman's screams. \"Get in the fucking car!\" \"I'll get us out of here, go!\" Matt yelled, shoving Bov back towards Pete. \"You can't leave him!\" And Bov was off, screaming for Pete. He could see them all starting to gather... oh fuck... and Pete was just lying there all still; Tommy was being dragged away by their mates... Bov dropped to his knees next to Pete's still form. \"Fucking help him!\" he yelled, not caring who did now so long as anyone got Pete help. Pete could not die. Not now, not ever... Pete didn't move. Bovver didn't move. No one moved. Bovver's hand slowly stopped cradling Pete's head and it rolled back against the ground... lifeless. Pete was bloody and lifeless... Bov collapsed on top of him, feeling Pete's warmth fading beneath him... Life without Pete just wasn't life worth living. Yeah, depressing. =( Reviews are love? I'll also add in that please, any commentary at all is so gratefully received, because this has taken ages. =) Love you all! ","Summary":" Okay, I've been working on this for around two or three months now! I wanted to get it just right, "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Hurt","Author":"breezychick12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6556762","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bovver walked into his flat, slamming the door hard behind him. It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair at all. Pete died all because of a stupid mistake Bovver made. This fight would have never happened if he would have just went straight home like he was planning on doing instead of going to Tommy Hatcher. Seems like it was yesterday when I saw your face. You told me how proud you were, but I walked away. If only I knew, what I knew today. I would hold you in my arms; I would take the pain away. Thank you for all you've done, forgive all your mistakes. There's nothing I wouldn't do, to see your face again. Sometimes I want to call you, but I know you won't be there. I'm sorry for blaming you for everything I just couldn't do. And I've hurt myself by hurting you. Tommy Hatcher he thought with disgust. He was an idiot to ever trust that cunt. Pete died for nothing, for a mistake I made! Bovver grabs a drink from his fridge. Pete…. . He screams angrily and throws his drink at the wall, watching as it shattered. It was exactly how his heart felt right now. There was nothing left to him. Pete was his rock and the only one who could keep him sane and out of too much trouble. Now he was gone and Bovver couldn't deal with it. He was nothing without Pete. He walked over to his small desk that held many photos of Pete and him, the best one's in a shiny golden frame that cost a lot of money. Bovver picked it up and stared at it. Pete and he were so happy in that photo. Actually, they were drunk, but still happy. \"God damn it Pete! Why did you have to get Tommy all riled up, I could have taken him on!\" He screamed, throwing the frame down and pushing everything off his desk. He then grabbed his head as if it hurt and slid down to the ground. \"No….no…..\" he moaned over and over again. \"Pete….no…\" He began to cry, slamming his head back against the wall. Would you tell me I was wrong? Would you help me understand? Are you looking down upon me, are you proud of who I am? \"I'm sorry Pete…god, please let him know I'm sorry \"Bovver sobbed. It was over. Everything was over. His life, the GSE, everything. Bovver got up suddenly and walked over to his desk, took out a bottle of pills, and opened it. This is for you Pete he thought, putting each pill into his mouth. If Pete was dead, he wanted to be too. Bovver walked unsteadily into his room and lay down on his bed. He felt tired. He closed his eyes and before he knew it he was asleep…forever. ","Summary":" Bovver walked into his flat, slamming the door hard behind him. It wasn't fair. It wasn't fair at a"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"A Dunham Christmas","Author":"xHardyxGirlx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7611612","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey everyone! Here is a cute little Christmas special featuring Cassie and Pete from my story I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles. This little one-shot is dedicated to the lovely and supportive Dalonega Noquisi. I hope you like it, dear. :) xoxo, Sephy Disclaimer: I do not own Pete Dunham, Steve Dunham, Ben Dunham, Matt Buckner, Shannon Buckner-Dunham, Bovver, or the GSE. I only own Cassie Dunham, Austin Dunham, Tyler Dunham, Holly Dunham, and Jasmine Thomas. \"Pete, darling!\" I called with a sigh as I put in the last of my snowflake shaped earrings. \"Are the kids ready?\" I asked as I ran my hand through my now curled locks. \"Yes, sweetheart,\" he said with a chuckle as he walked into our room and kissed my cheek. I shook my head and adjusted the collar on the white button up he wore under his red sweater. \"Cas, we're just going to Shannon and Steve's.\" \"Yeah, but it's the first time we're going to meet Matt's girlfriend! I feel like we should make a good impression,\" I said as I kissed his cheek. He shook his head and I slipped on my shoes and coat before calling out,\" Austin! Tyler! Get your coats on!\" \"Yes ma,\" was chorused after my words, making me grin. I sighed softly, happy that I had given birth to two boys. I looked at Pete and smiled, kissing him softly on the lips. \"Ew! Mom ! Dad !\" Pete and I pulled away with a laugh, shaking our heads. I turned and looked at my sons. \"You know, soon you two will want to be kissing girls,\" I said with a nod. They both made faces of disgust before running off. I laughed and shook my head. \"They'll want to be doing other things too,\" Pete said as he pulled my back against his front with a playful, yet sexy growl. I laughed and sighed. \"Don't make them grow up too fast on me now... I don't want to wake up tomorrow and see them graduating high school,\" I said softly. Pete smiled and kissed my cheek. \"That won't happen, my love and if it does, we can make more,\" he said simply before he walked out of the room. I looked at myself in the mirror and imagined me with another swollen belly. I smiled a little. I suppose it wasn't...too bad...well...not until we hit the point of me actually giving birth. That part sucked, but the reward after was...beautiful. Austin was the first and it was at that moment that I realized I wanted more than just one child. Of course, just because we're sitting at two didn't mean we couldn't have another one. I grinned a bit and sighed before I made my way down the hall, my hand on my abdomen before I moved it as I saw the boys. I looked at the clock on the wall and gasped. \"What're you lot doing? We've got to get a move on!\" I exclaimed. The boys ran around like little chickens missing their heads, making me giggle at them. I sighed softly. \"Boys...\" They stopped and I pointed to the bags of presents in the corner already. They smiled sheepishly and each grabbed one before making their way to the car. I giggled and followed after them, grabbing the car keys and tossing them to Pete. He caught them casually and got into the car, starting it up. The boys put the bags in the trunk and then ran up to me, hugging my legs. I chuckled and gently put my hands on their shoulders. \"Get in the car, loves! It's warm in there,\" I said, my warm breath crystallizing in the cold night. Snow had gently begun to fall, making me smile before I shut and locked the door and got into the car as well. The drive to Shannon and Steve's was short, but not short enough for our boys, I'm afraid. They were restless by the time we got there. I laughed as they bolted from the car and then got out and had Pete pop the trunk before grabbing the bags. Pete arrived at my side and tried to take them, but I refused to allow it. He chuckled and we walked up to the front door where Ben had answered. He was about nine now. \"Hey Aunt Cassie, Uncle Pete,\" he said with a grin before he moved out of the way, eying the bags of presents in my hands. I chuckled and Pete ruffled his hair before we stepped inside. \"Happy Christmas, Ben.\" I sighed happily when the door shut and warmth surrounded me. Pete took my coat, making me shake my head before I walked into the house. I set the bag beside the Christmas tree in the corner of the large house and stepped into the kitchen. \"Cassie!\" Shannon exclaimed happily as she rushed towards me and enveloped me into a hug. I laughed before I heard Steve's voice. \"Cassie and Pete are here?\" He asked, walking in to the room. On his hip was a little girl. I squealed with joy. \"Hey Stevie!\" I walked up to the bundle he was holding and she reached for me. I took her into my arms and rubbed her nose before kissing one of her cheeks. \"Hello, Holly.\" She giggled happily before her eyes widened and she was reaching for something over my shoulder. I turned and grinned. \"How's my girl?\" Pete asked, taking her from me. I pouted. \"I've been replaced,\" I joked to Steve and Shannon, making them both chuckle. \"How're things going?\" I asked them, leaning against the table. I figured the boys had all run off to go play together and Pete was currently amusing young Holly. \"They're going very well,\" Shannon replied, eagerly wanting to tell me news, I could see. \"Holly's started talking! And Ben's doing great in school!\" She sighed happily before looking at Steve. \"We have such smart children.\" Steve chuckled and kissed her cheek before looking at me. \"They get it all from her,\" he said making her blush slightly and roll her eyes. \"Oh hush!\" She said playfully as she stirred whatever she was cooking. Then the doorbell rang. I looked at Shannon confused a moment. \"Babe, could you get the door?\" She asked Steve, who nodded and went to go answer it. Shannon and I continued to catch up until I heard a familiar voice. \"Merry Christmas, Pete.\" I whirled around and standing there next to my husband was Matthew Buckner...and a girl? I looked at him, jaw dropped. To be honest, he had manned up somewhat, but then again, I suppose he sort of had to after the upbringing we gave him. Pete and Matthew exchanged hugs before he turned to me. I looked at him, eyebrow raised as I tapped my foot impatiently. \"Hey Cassie...\" \"Do not 'hey Cassie' me, Mr. Buckner. Five years I don't see you! Five!\" I exclaimed, wagging my finger at him. He smiled sheepishly and I couldn't help but laugh before I opened my arms and he came over for a hug. He, then of course, hugged Shannon and looked at his lady friend. I looked at him and raised my eyebrow, my eyes darting to her. He smiled and walked up to her, taking her hand in his. \"Guys, this is my girlfriend, Jasmine Thomas.\" We all waved and exchanged hellos. \"Jasmine this is my best friend Pete, his wife Cassie, my sister Shannon, her husband Steve answered the door for us and Pete's holding Holly who is Shannon and Steve's youngest...\" He paused. \"Where are my nephews?\" As if on cue, three little boys ran into the living room and jumped on Matt. He yelled in surprise and fell over, making everyone laugh. He coughed a bit, over acting, of course as he looked at his nephews. \"And these are Tyler, Austin, and Ben. Tyler and Austin are Cassie and Pete's. Ben is Shannon and Steve's,\" he pretended to choke out. I rolled my eyes playfully and we all exchanged pleasantries before a knock was heard on the door. Shannon blinked. \"Now who could that be?\" She asked curiously. I glanced almost fearfully over at Pete as he walked over to the door. He looked through the peep hole and grinned before he opened the door. \"Bovver!\" Tyler and Austin gasped, running towards the door and pushing Pete out of the way, making me laugh. \"Uncle Bovver!\" \"Whoa, kids, calm down now. Goodness. Gonna make me fall down and break me neck,\" I heard Bovver scold playfully, making my kids pout (or so I imagine, they were behind the door) before he walked in, the kids following after him like puppies. \"Can we wrestle, Uncle Bov? Can we please?\" Tyler begged. Bovver looked at me and my eyes looked over to Shannon. He gazed at Shannon who thought before she nodded. Bovver looked down at my son. \"Yeah, alright. But we have to wrestle somewhere where we won't break anyphing...\" Tyler and Austin's eyes shot to Shannon, who chuckled. \"Go on up in to the playroom. It should be clean enough to put a soft mat down or something.\" The boys shouted in victory before they ran upstairs. Bovver waved \"hi\" to everyone and said that he'd catch up after tiring out my kids, making me laugh. After Pete's recovering, Bovver tried everything in the world to make things up to Pete. To be honest, I wasn't quite sure how long it would take, but it didn't seem to take too long before he was back in our midst once again. He was actually Pete's Best Man at our wedding, which said something seeing as Steve was his brother, but Steve suggested that Pete ask Bovver, so he did and BAM. Bovver was the best man. It was actually quite sentimental. His speech, I mean. It really was. He talked about his friendship with Pete and how Pete was such a fantastic friend. Then he spoke of me...and how I was perfect for Pete. I have to admit, I never thought anything sweet like that would ever come out of Bovver's mouth, but it had. Indeed, it had. \"Mom-ma!\" I blinked rapidly and gazed at young Holly in Pete's arms. My eyes widened and I looked at her in shock. My eyes then turned to Shannon, who looked like she was going to burst with joy. Pete quickly handed Holly over to her mother and Shannon took her into her arms. \"Momma!\" Holly said again with a giggle. Shannon squealed with delight and Steve stumbled off to get the video camera. Pete and I looked at each other. We had, happily, not been like those two, not that we'd ever say anything to them about it. Sure, I had been a happy mother when Austin and Tyler finally said \"momma\" but I can happily say Pete didn't run around like a total goof looking for a video camera. To be honest, I think we were both just pleased to be there when it happened both times. Of course, it helped that I was a stay at home mom (for the moment) and that Pete was still a primary school gym teacher. Finally Steve returned with the camera and Holly continued to giggle and clap her hands and repeat herself, enjoying the attention she was getting from her parents. Holly was definitely going to be the center of attention in the family. She would probably be an actress or a model or something...or so I would assume anyway. For all I know she was going to be a school teacher or a professor. Who was to know? Not me, that's for sure. I was a house wife for Pete's sake. Haha, Pete...anyway... After a few minutes of this, I broke out the eggnog and other alcoholic beverages, but made sure that Pete could be the one to enjoy himself. Although, Pete and I rarely ever got trashed anymore; I'm sure the children appreciate that quite a bit. Pete eventually handed over the Green Street Elite to Bovver so that the two of us could raise our family. Actually, immediately after I found out I was pregnant with Austin, he had been with the boys and he had run around telling everyone that he was going to be a daddy. I have to admit, when I found out, I had a very cute mental image in my mind of a chibi version of Pete rushing around in a circle all excited because he's gonna be a dad. Absolutely precious. Anyway, after that moment he didn't want what happened to Steve to happen to him so he handed the GSE over to Bovver. It was a sweet moment. Although, Pete and I often fear that someday Tommy Hatcher will escape prison and come after us, but we've started to calm down somewhat, but always ever alert. We knew that Steve and Shannon were also very alert and open to the possibility that that might happen, but Pete was more than capable of protecting his family now that he knew Tommy would indeed try and kill them all. Soon it was around seven o'clock and we knew the children would be getting sleepy soon so we called them and Bovver down to meet with us in the kitchen by the tree. The children quickly ran down the stairs and up to everyone. Austin and Tyler ran to me. One sat on my lap while the other one squeezed between Pete and I making me giggle somewhat as I wrapped my arm around Austin to make sure he didn't fall. Ben ran up to his father and plopped down in front of him on the floor before Bovver walked down the stairs, seemingly exhausted, making me laugh somewhat. He stuck his tongue out at me playfully, seeing as if he flipped me off Shannon and Steve would eat his soul. \"Kids, we're going to start opening presents now,\" Shannon explained. Immediately their little eyes lit up with excitement before Pete got up and walked over to the two bags of gifts that we bought and sat down beside them and the tree. He quickly began to sort through the presents, giving everyone their gifts. All the children were giddy with glee as they got their gifts, shaking them and whatnot and Bovver had rushed outside to get the presents that he left in the car. Pete, Steve, Shannon, Bovver, Jasmine, Matt, and I all only got three presents (one from each other couple and Bovver) while the children had four each (one from each couple and Bovver), the spoiled things. Austin had been given a dinosaur coloring book and crayons, a set of dinosaur figures that he could play with, a t-shirt with a Raptor on it (his favorite), and his own Jurassic Park movie. Ben had gotten a remote control race car, a pair of light up race car shoes, a pack of playing cards with different race cars on them, and a computer race car game whose name escapes my memory. Holly had gotten cute baby clothes (one purple with a cat on it, one pink with a princess crown on it), a new teething ring, and a cute new baby parka which was a powder blue. Needless to say, Shannon loved them. Finally there was Austin, who had gotten a train set for him to play with, a train set to place around the bottom of the Christmas tree for next year, a pair of shorts with a train on them and train tracks going around the waist line and edge of the leg holes in the shorts, and a train coloring book and crayons. Needless to say all the children rushed off to enjoy their new toys and whatnot while the rest of us adults sat there and opened our gifts. I received a pair of tickets to a West Ham United game, a West Ham United skirt, and a fancy bottle of Merlow champagne. Shannon received a locket with a picture of herself, her mother, her father and Matt, a new raincoat, and two tickets to the Chicago show that was back in London. Bovver got a gift card to our favorite old pub, two tickets to a West Ham United game, and a box of chocolates (which are his guilty pleasure, I'll tell you ;) ). Matt had gotten a letter from Harvard (telling him that his family had gone against what's his face's family and he was now allowed to return to the school, almost making him fall off the couch), a West Ham United scarf, and a new laptop (with which he could write more of his journalism stories). Steve received a new watch, a new video camera (since his is...horribly outdated), and a maroon tie with a West Ham United crest embroidered on it. Finally, there was Pete. He had received money for new equipment for the physical education program at the school, West Ham United shirts for the boys, and tickets to some concert that he just about squealed like a girl about, making me roll my eyes and giggle. I did feel bad for Jasmine, though. She didn't get anything. Of course, we all blamed Matt. He's the one who didn't tell us that she was coming. After we all exchanged gifts and whatnot, and recovered from our laughing/giggling fits thanks to Pete's spazz attack, the boys all walked down stairs looking incredibly tired. Another giggle escaped my lips as I took Austin and Tyler into my arms. \"Boys...where's Ben?\" I asked them. They pointed upstairs and Shannon nodded before she excused herself and went to go tuck in her only son. I looked down at my boys before looking at the others. \"I think it's time for us to head out,\" I said with a smile. Pete nodded and took Austin from me. I stood up and thanked Steve for the good time before we all exchanged hugs. We waited for Shannon before we said our good byes to her as well. We then headed out. Pete and I placed the boys in the back of the car and their presents in the trunk. We then got inside and Pete started the car before we headed home. Once home, Pete grabbed the boys and I grabbed everyone's presents before we headed inside. Once inside we changed the boys into their pajamas and put them to bed, making sure to put their toys where they would find them in the morning and then Pete and I changed in to our pajamas and were thinking about heading to bed when I bit down on my bottom lip. \"Pete...you have one more gift,\" I confessed. Pete raised an eyebrow at me. I walked over to my dresser and pulled out a semi-small box. I walked up to him and handed it to him. I knew there was no use sitting down because he would probably jump up and hug me. He shook the box a moment before he pulled off the ribbon and removed the lid. His eyes widened and he picked up a pair of maroon baby booties. He looked up at me with questioning eyes. I nodded my head in confirmation and he immediately shot up and took me into his arms. I laughed a bit before kissing him happily. He returned it and set me down before resting his hand on my abdomen. \"I can't believe it...\" I giggled and he sat back down on the bed before he hugged me and gently kissed my stomach. I ran my hand through his hair. \"I know... Who knew you were so potent!\" I laughed. Pete narrowed his eyes at me. \"Cassie,\" he said with a warning tone. \"What?\" The End ","Summary":" Hey everyone! Here is a cute little Christmas special featuring Cassie and Pete from my story I'm F"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Because Of A Game","Author":"SuppaOtaku","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8317409","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well, we all know how Tommy felt about the death of his son. But what about his mum eh? TJR/OC This is Thinking This is Flashback-sentences Slowly, so agonizingly slow. She watched the time tick by, lonely and probably the only still standing person on the platform where every single soul was moving. Not even one thought about taking their sweet time to just stand around and enjoy their lives. The lives they were blessed with, some found their life a hell hole. But they were blessed nonetheless. The time ticks away ever so slowly on the giant, white clock hanging above all the people that walked by. The ever so annoying voice announcing the delays echoed, making a difference for someone, somewhere. Whether it was an annoyance for them, or a blessing. Grace couldn't even care less. For them, time was either going too slow, too fast, or just at the right pace. But for her, time stopped. Though the ticking sound continues, it was just a sound. And nothing else. But it had a meaning, that time still went by for everyone else. Grace looked around. They didn't know? the blonde started to wonder. They didn't know this at all? Just one month ago, a boy was killed. His life lost, and his once joyful youth . . . Crushed under the boots of dozens of hooligans. All because of a game. She had cried her eyes empty, for her son. Her little Thomas was brutally robbed from his life. His existence being only a vague memory to most people. It such a shame that little boy died. . . Thinking about it made her sick to her stomach, that people whom didn't know him, pretended to care. Or them West Ham hooligans, whom didn't even pay attention to the pain they've caused. But maybe , she thought, it was because she never understood it anyway. Tommy, her husband, he had said it was because she was a woman, them women never understood the fine sport. Football was the most beautiful game on earth, they said, it deserved to be praised in every way it could, they said. Grace didn't see why they would lead such a life, when they had their family, their friends, their spouses . . . their children? It was a horrible way of life, but for them it worth living anyway. Lil' Tommy here will be the new Top boy eh, like his ol' man. Because of all the praising, the encouraging and all the wrong role models. Thomas sought approval, approval from his father and the lads her hung out with. The destructive life his father led. It was soon to be his way of life. Soon never came. Because of a game, a game that ruled their lives. But a it was a game nonetheless. Do they kill little girls too? she asked bitterly, they killed the people you loved the most for revenge right? Thomas had a girlfriend. The girl went to the same school, about the same age. She was a plain girl. Camilla, a mixed girl. Dutch and Cuban. Not very smart, not very athletic. Good at dancing, awful singer, though. But she liked Football. She used to cheer for her team when she lived in Amsterdam, back in the Netherlands. Ajax , she said. The 'Jew club'. She too was proud of her Football club, she spoke of it with pride. It didn't matter who you were, where you were from, a supporter was a supporter, and they loved each other regardless. After all, they had football in common. Now it was a little understandable, but it was still strange. Grace always thought she had the most beautiful skin color ever. Unlike the other pale, dirty blonde, blue-eyed girls at Thomas' school. This girl had a caramel colored skin, light brown eyes and pitch black hair. Nothing out of the ordinary, there were a few more o' those but Thomas liked her. Before the scrap, Thomas went on a date with her. Where to? Grace didn't know, but as long as they stayed around the center of the city, it was okay. Camilla, however, found out about the football match. Somehow. Knowing Tommy Hatcher was a hooligan, she figured there would be a scrap She confronted Tommy, confused and worried for his life of course. But Tom, you're only twelve! he didn't want to talk about it, this annoyed her. they broke up. Mean words were exchanged, mostly by Thomas. But calling her a 'twat', resulted into a sharp smack in the face and a few shed tears. They were angry tears, but they were tears nonetheless. I'll see you again 'morrow, if you can speak to me with respect that is. Then there was the - - the scrap They had told her, his fist was still balled, as if her were ready to punch somebody. D'you need anyone to stay 'round? She said no, but she did. Tommy was incapable of anything. He didn't say a word, he just sat in his chair all day. Looking outside, as if he waited for his son to return. One day, Tommy fell out of his chair, he cried. Grace tried to console him, but she couldn't. She knew why he was crying. It's the lil' chap's birthday. . . Camilla? Camilla had never cried so hard in her life. Their last words to each other were just dreadful, she regretted them all. You stupid twat! Don't even call me a 'twat' ya bloody cunt! Camilla sent them her favorite picture of Tommy, with him grinning like the youthful boy he was. The Millwall T-shirt he got for his last birthday, held up proudly and straightened as much as he could to show the world. Millwall, they made her sick to her stomach. Beside his parents, no one ever thought about his death. Maybe they did, but not every day. Are you sure you don't need anyone 'round? They asked her again, She shook her head 'no'. She feared for her life, but she would never run. Because her son didn't either when he had to fight. He was brave, and Grace would promised to live in a way that would honor him. And even though it would be hard - - it would be worth it nonetheless. I tried a new writing style. By the way, if you cut it down to whose fault it is, it's Tommy's fault his son died. I mean seriously, who the fuck takes his twelve-year-old son to a fucking SCRAP versus the GSE? ","Summary":" Well, we all know how Tommy felt about the death of his son. But what about his mum eh? TJR/OC This"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"A Different Reality","Author":"TypeWriter Neko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11851982","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: A Constant Headache This is Sock. Sock has been feeling very tired lately. Now for most people, feeling tired wouldn't be an issue. But Sock wasn't most people. In fact, Sock wasn't a person at all. Sock was a demon. See, all his life, Sock had been struggling with the urge to kill things. You might say he had some… slight homicidal tendencies. But this urge was so bad, that he ended up killing his parents. In his sleep. Sock decided that the next thing to do, after having accidentally sleep-murdered his parents, was to kill himself. And so, Mr. Sock Sowachouski found himself in hell, working for the owner of hell, Mephistopheles, as a demon sent to earth to haunt human lives. But demons weren't supposed to get tired. Or hungry. Or hurt. Or out of breath. Or sick. And yet, Sock was feeling very tired. \"Sock! You okay, kid?\" Mephistopheles asked, watching a drowsy Sock stagger towards the portal to the human world. \"You don't look very good. You alright?\" Sock glanced at the tall, red haired man. \"I-.. I'm fine.\" He continued walking towards the portal. \"Just a bit tired that's all.\" Sock tried to work, but he just wasn't up to it. His job as a demon was to haunt a human until he could get them to take their own life, just as he had done. His current assignment was Jonathan Combs, a teenage boy with a total disregard for everything (Except sandwiches). Johnathan had proved to be a harder assignment then Sock had expected, with Jonathan carting for nothing, and Sock caring quite a bit for Jonathan (in the most romantic of ways). He crossed into the human world to see Jonathan waiting at the bus stop. Sock yawned. \"Good morning Jonathan,\" he muttered, \"How's life? Probably not as good as being dead. Ha ha ha.\" Sock laughed half-heartedly at his own joke. He looked to the apathetic teen, only to realize that Jonathan had his headphones on and had not heard a thing Sock had just said. Sock groaned, \"Ugh, hello? Earth to Jonathan?\" Jonathan removed his headphones. \"Oh hey. Did you say something?\" Sock groaned again. \"Never mind,\" he said as the bus pulled up and Jonathan got on. Sock followed him, phasing through the walls and floors, such as a demon can do. He sat next to Jonathan on the bus, too tired to be his normal cheery self. And Jonathan noticed this. All throughout the day, Sock did not much more than tiredly follow around Jonathan. \"Are you okay?\" Jonathan asked Sock on the bus ride home. He spoke in a whisper. \"You've been acting really weird lately.\" Sock rubbed his eyes. \"I'm fine,\" Sock said, \"I'm just tired. I've been tired lately. I don't know why but I'm sure I'll be fine.\" Jonathan looked at him, with concern that Sock had never seen in him before. \"Okay,\" Jonathan said, \"If you say so...\" Over the next few days, Sock did not get any better. He was tired all the time, his vision started going blurry, and he started hearing noises, beeps and whispers that weren't really there. \"Maybe you should take a day off, kid.\" Mephistopheles told him, you don't look very good.\" Sock took a day off, but he didn't get any better. \"Shouldn't you go see a doctor?\" Jonathan told him, \"Maybe they can, I dunno, fix you?\" \"Well I would, but there are no doctors in hell, demons shouldn't get hurt or sick. So I don't know what's wrong with me.\" Sock explained. \"Then I don't know what to tell you. Google your symptoms, that's what I do when I'm sick.\" Jonathan picked up his laptop, \"Okay, what's wrong?\" Sock considered, floating around Jonathan's bedroom, \"Well, I'm always tired, and not like exhausted, just really sleepy. I keep hearing things, muffled thigs, like whispers, beeps, footsteps, even if they aren't really there. My vision is going blurry, and fades around the edges. And I've got a bad headache.\" Sock stopped floating, \"I don't know why. All this, it makes it seem… It's almost as if I was still… alive. It really doesn't make any sense.\" Jonathan typed as Sock spoke. \"That whole, \"hearing things that aren't really there\" thing isn't exactly a symptom of a physical medical condition; maybe the blurry vision thing means you need glasses? Do demons wear glasses? I don't know, all the search results just tell me you're going crazy…\" \"I don't think it's that...\" Sock looked at Jonathan quizzically, \"but it's getting late, so I'm gonna go. See you tomorrow, Jonathan.\" Sock left the room with a slight blush on his face. It was unlike Jonathan to care about anything so much, especially Sock's wellbeing. But as Sock walked to the portal, he felt even worse. His head pounded, he couldn't make out anything more than two feet in front of him. He went through the portal struggling to keep his eyes open. Sock could barely see his surroundings in hell, his vision blurred and black spots and splotches swam in and out of his field of view. He felt incredibly light-headed, and was hearing the beeps and voices louder than he had ever heard him before. Sock wasn't sure what happened then. Sock felt as if he were fainting. His vision went entirely black. His head pounded, and he felt a piercing pain in his chest. Words and images swirled in his mind. Did I just die? Sock thought, I can't die, I'm already dead! If I die who will haunt Jonathan? The last thing he thought about was Jonathan. Then he woke up.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: A Rude Awakening Sock found himself in a hospital bed. He couldn't move for a while, he seemed to be paralyzed. He looked at his surroundings. The floor and walls were a white tile. On his right was a wall with a door. The window on the door peaked out to a hallway where people rushed back and forth. On his left was a light blue curtain, separating the room. Also on his left was a giant machine, full of switches and buttons and blinking lights. Sock recognized the noises, the beeping sound, and the sound of muffled footsteps and voices. He had been hearing them for quite a while, and as it seems, they weren't all in his head. Tubes on the machines draped down on the bed, twisting and turning and sticking into his arms. Sock had no clue where he was. So, like what anyone would do when suddenly waking up and finding themselves in a new place with no clue as to what happened, sock began to scream and thrush about wildly. \"Help! Help! Where am I? Get me out of here!\" The beeping on the monitor sped up with Sock's heartbeat. He tried to get up, but was too weak to do so. All he could do is kick and scream for help. Where am I? Sock thought, The last thing I remember I was I hell! What is this place, and –ow, what is this pain in my chest?! He made as much noise as he could, and in the process seemed to wake up something on the other side of the curtain. A groggy, deep voice groaned and said, \"What the hell, man...\" But Sock paid it no mind, he was in to state of panic to think clearly or hear it say, \"Ugh, I'm going back sleep.\" Footsteps approached the door. Sock could hear two voices outside talking. \"Are you sure?\" one voice said, \"Awake?\" \"I'm sure I heard him!\" said the other, \"Go get her, I'll check on him.\" Sock watched as the door creaked open. He froze and watched a tall, red-haired man enter the door way. He smiled upon seeing Sock. \"I was right. Looks like you decided to join us in the world of the living.\" The man said with a smirk. \"Living… I'm alive?\" Sock wondered out loud. He had million questions he needed to ask, and they came out all at once. \"Am I really alive? How am I alive? Where am I? Why am I? How did I get here? What happened to me happened to me? How am I not dead, I thought I was dead? What's going on? Why am I hooked up to these machines? What happened-\" The man cut him off, \"Woah slow down, kid, one question at a time! I'll answer your questions, if you answer some of mine, okay?' Sock nodded, \"Okay…\" He couldn't help but feel that the man was familiar. \"I know you have a lot of questions, but I don't have very many answers, so I'll tell you as much as I know okay? Here goes: \"One week ago, a grave digger found you in his cemetery, in a hole in the ground. You had a stab wound in your chest, and a knife in your hand. The grave digger called 911, and you were taken to the hospital, this hospital. \"Well, you've been in a coma since then. \"We examined your wound, the good news is, nothing vital was injured, so you didn't die, and you probably won't. The bad news is, it's quite a deep wound, and it'll take a very long time to heal. You're stable, but pretty weak, so you're going to be bed-ridden. You'll have a pain in chest for a while too. And you lost a lot of blood. And I mean a lot of blood, you might feel lightheaded. We wanted to put you on pain medication, but we couldn't wake you up and ask them, you know? That's what the tubes are for, they're giving you pain medicine. We aren't entirely sure how your body is taking to them, but worst you could get with this medications a bad headache.\" Sock was stunned. He wasn't dead. He never was. The thought saddened him. Everything he had been through… he had dreamed? He never died and went to hell; he never became a demon, he hadn't met Mephistopheles, and he had only imagined Jonathan. That last thought saddened him most of all. \"We don't know much, kid,\" the man said again after a period of silence, \"We found you almost dead, and we are doing what we can to help you out. We don't even know who you are, or who is going to be paying for your treatment. So, if you don't mind...\" The man picked up a clipboard, \"What's your name, kid?\" \"My name is Napoleon. Napoleon Maxwell Sowachouski.\" \"Alright Napoleon,\" the man wrote on the clipboard, \"How old are you?\" \"I'm 16\" \"Okay…\" He wrote, then asked, \"And where are your parents, Mr. Sowachouski?\" Sock paused. He had to wait a minute before being able to speak up again. \"My parents are dead..\" Sock hid his face, as if to say he didn't want to say anything more. The red haired man looked at Sock, \"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, Mr. Sowachouski.\" He looked back to his clipboard and wrote a few more notes. \"Okay then.\" He finally spoke again, \"That's all I need to know for now. But the doctor will have more questions for you, I'm sure. I'm your nurse, so let me know if you need anything.\" He walked towards the door. \"The nurse?\" Sock began, \"But you're..?\" \"Mephistopheles. Please, call me Mephistopheles.\" Sock was shocked again. He now knew why the red-haired man had seemed familiar to him. \"Well, if we're going to be all buddy-buddy about it...\" Sock said, \"You can call me Sock!\" Mephistopheles smiled, \"Alright Sowachouski, Sock it is. Got any more questions for me before I go?\" \"Just one.\" Sock said, \"What's behind that curtain?\" Mephistopheles looked at the curtain, \"Well you see, we don't have all that many rooms in this hospital, but we have a lot of patients, so some share rooms. We use these curtains as dividers. On the other side of this curtain is your roommate.\" \"I have a roommate?\" \"Most patients do.\" Mephistopheles looked at a clipboard hanging on a wall by the curtain. \"Says here his name is Jonathan.\" He walked back to the door. \"Jonathan combs.\" Socks heart stopped. \"She should be with you shortly.\" Mephistopheles walked out of the room. Sock barely registered the last thing Mephistopheles said. He stared at the curtain with an important realization: The boy he loved was on the other side.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: An Attempted Interrogation Sock stared at the thin blue curtain. His Jonathan was on the other side. Sock wanted to pull the curtain away, he wanted to look behind it, he wanted to get some confirmation that he had not dreamed the entirety of Jonathan. But he was interrupted by the click of the door. A dark skinned woman walked into the room. She wore a white suit and coat, and her dark purple hair was tied up messily. Sock dint find her familiar like he had Mephistopheles. \"Hello there,\" the woman said sweetly, \"I'm your doctor. Call me Dr. Providence.\" Sock looked at her, \"Hello…\" She sat down at a chair next to Sock's hospital bed. \"I'm glad to see you awake. We were very concerned about you. How do you feel? Do you have any questions for me?\" \"I feel fine. And Mephistopheles answered most of my questions.\" She smiled brightly at Sock. Her gold eyes seemed to glow. \"Oh, good.\" She picked up the clipboard, \"Let's see... your name is Napoleon? That's a lovely name… 16 years of age… stable condition… getting medication…\" she suddenly stooped. She wore a look of concern. \"Your parents… are dead?\" \"Well, yes, they are.\" Sock told her. He hoped she wouldn't ask him how they died. \"How did they die?\" she asked him. \" Dammit .\" Sock was quiet. What was he supposed to tell her? He couldn't tell her that he killed them. So Sock stayed quiet. \"Don't want to talk about it right now? That's ok, I imagine its personal.\" She smiled at him and looked back to the clipboard. After a minute she spoke again, \"Now Napoleon, we don't know much about what happened to you, maybe you could answer some of my questions?\" she flipped the page on the clipboard and held up a pencil. \"How did you get those wounds?\" she asked. \"I was stabbed.\" Sock answered, \"With a knife.\" Providence gave Sock a quizzical look. \"Yes, we know that, but I need to know exactly how that happened. Please Napoleon, but for us to be able to help you, we need your full cooperation.\" Sock didn't know what to do; he couldn't tell anyone what he had done. \"This is exactly what I had been trying to avoid by killing myself! Dammit, what do I say, the truth? If I tell the truth, I'll probably get arrested or something… Dammit! What do I say?\" \"I can't remember.\" Providence's confusion turned to worry, \"You can't remember?\" \"No,\" Sock lied, \"I don't remember almost anything before waking up here. I can't remember who stabbed me, or why my parents are dead or anything.\" Sock tried hard to keep a blank face. \"Oh dear. This is going to be harder than expected.\" Providence murmured. She put the clipboard down, and thought a bit before speaking again. \"Napoleon, we are nice people here, we aren't going to put a hurt boy out on the streets. We'll take care of you until you are better, and we will try to help you remember what happened to you. But for this to work we need your total cooperation. That means you'll have to do what we say, you'll have to obey our rules, and you'll have to be completely honest, no lies. We will take care of you until we can get you somewhere better. Does this sound fair to you?' Sock nodded, even if he had already broken one of Providences rules. \"Yes, Dr. Providence sounds fair.\" Providence stood up and walked to the door, \"Good.\" Before leaving the room, she stopped and addressed Sock, \"However, if we find out that you have been lying, or you break the rules, there, of course, will be consequences, Mr. Sowachouski, major consequences. It's a good thing you wouldn't lie to the people who are trying to help you, but still, something to note. Is that understood?\" Sock's heart stopped. Did she know? \"Yes, understood.\" \"Okay then, Providence smiled, \"Someone should come by to bring you food soon. I wish you a speedy recovery, Mr. Sowachouski. And if you need anything, let one of our nurses know, they'll be happy to assist you.\" She smiled one last time and walked out the door. Sock starred at the spot she had stood in even after she had left. What did he just get himself into?[Chapter 4] Chapter 4: An Awkward Encounter If Sock wasn't dead before, he was now. If he had told Providence what he had done, he could have been arrested. Instead he lied to her, and if they found out the truth, he could get arrested, or worse. But if Sock told the truth now, and admit he had already broken the rules, he could get arrested, or much worse. And the truth was bound to come out eventually, and when it did, Sock would get arrested, or much much worse. Before Sock's actions completely weighed in on his mind, the door opened again. A different nurse came in carrying two trays of food. \"Here you go,\" she said, placing the tray on Sock's lap, \"Do you need help, or can you eat on your own?\" Sock stared at the food, but knew he wouldn't eat. The confusion, worry and guilt had made him nauseous. \"I can manage.\" He muttered. \"Alright then.\" The nurse picked up the other tray of food, and walked to the other side of the blue curtain. Sock stared at his tray, and had not noticed she had left until he heard voices coming from the other side. \"You weren't at the dining hall..\" The nurse's voice said \"I'm not hungry.\" Sock recognized the voice immediately. It really was Jonathan on the other side of the curtain. Sock sat up in his bed as much as he could, wide eyes and shallow breathing. He watched the silhouette of the nurse place a tray on the bedside table. \"You have to eat something..\" The nurse's voice said. \"I told you,\" Jonathan said, \"I'm not hungry.\" He sounded like he had just been woken up. \"Please try to eat.\" The nurse said. \"You can't get healthy if you don't eat..\" \"No,\" Jonathan said, \"I can't get healthy either way.\" The nurse sighed and walked out of the room. She didn't notice how shocked Sock looked as she left. Slowly, Sock tried to stand up. He threw the blankets off himself and moved his feet over the edge of the bed. His entire body ached and his chest erupted in pain as he put his feet on the floor and stood up, but he paid it no mind. He stood up and held onto the machine he was hooked onto for support. Sock looked down at his feet and noticed for the first time that he was wearing a hospital gown. He briefly wondered what had happed to his clothes, but soon pushed the thought out of his mind. He had more important things to worry about at the moment. He began to walk towards the curtain, which proved to be difficult. Every step hurt, every muscle ached, but eventually Sock made it to the blue curtain. Sock stopped and stared once more. He had been spending an awful lot of time staring. He finally reached out to the curtain and took a deep breath. He pulled it back and looked on the other side. In a near identical half a room to his, Sock watched a half-asleep figure breathing slowly underneath the blankets, which he could only assume was Jonathan. Sock remained frozen, breathing quietly until he finally gathered the courage to simply mutter: \"Jonathan?\" The sleeping figure stirred and sat up, back facing Sock. The figure turned around and faced Sock. Sock gave a half smile, happy to see Jonathan again. Although he looked so different, Sock could barely recognize him. His hair was no longer dyed blond on the top, and it was messy and unkempt as though he'd never seem a hairbrush. Jonathan himself was messy and unkempt, and his skin was incredibly pale. He looked weak, and bony, and it was evident he hadn't been eating or sleeping well. He looked awful. Sock's smiled faded and was replaced with a look of concern. Before he could say anything else, Jonathan began to speak. \"Oh, it's you.\" \"Its… me?\" Sock said, trying to smile again. The two stared at each other in silence. Finally, Jonathan spoke again. \"What do you want?\" Sock's smile grew a bit at the feeling of Deja-vu. \"I'm a de- I mean…. I… just wanted to say hi… uh… hi?\" he gave Jonathan a small unsure grin. Jonathan sighed and rolled his eyes slightly. He lay back down, facing away from Sock. Sock took another step into the room, \"I'm Sock,\" he said, \"Oh, maybe you already knew that.. Or, also Napoleon, maybe you knew that…\" Jonathan continued to ignore Sock as Sock continued to walk into the room, wincing at every step. He finally sat down on the chair next to Jonathan's bed and smiled at him. Jonathan glared at Sock and said, \"Now what do you want? And why are you smiling at me like that?\" Sock's smile began to fade, \"I… just wanted to talk to you. And I'm smiling because I'm happy to see you again…\" \"See me again?\" Jonathan questioned. \"… never mind, I don't care. Look, Sock , you seem like a friendly guy, but I'm not. That curtain is there for a reason and it's to keep you on your side and to keep me on mine. So stay on your side, and leave me alone. I'm trying to sleep.\" Jonathan rolled over and went back to sleep. Sock's smile was gone and he walked back to the other side of the curtain, \"Okay… sorry…\" Sock sat back down on his bed and was quiet. Not only did Jonathan look different, he acted different too. He was used to Jonathan looking healthy, and acting at least a bit friendly towards him. But this Jonathan was nothing like the one he knew. This wasn't the Jonathan he loved. Sock rolled over and tried to sleep. He hoped Jonathan couldn't hear him crying. ","Summary":" Chapter 1: A Constant Headache This is Sock. Sock has been feeling very tired lately. Now for most "},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"El demonio en tus manos","Author":"Hotaru Karma97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11658029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Este es mi fic Sockathan que espero que les guste :D Un regalo para Mady Shell. Solo: Inútil, ya no vale la pena, no se puede hacer nada. No hay estabilidad mental... No hay familia... No hay amigos... Solo existe la... soledad. Cada humano es el autor de su propio mundo, pero hay unos que viven en un mundo bastante diferente que nos asusta. Entonces, esas personas se aislarán de los que se asustan de sus pensamientos para vivir en la soledad. ¿Y qué tal si... la soledad lleva al suicidio? \"Soledad... so...le-\" -¿Sock? ¡Hey, Sock!- -¿Jonathan?- El chico rubio entró a su cuarto, apenas regresando del colegio. Se le hizo curioso encontrar al demonio parado frente a la ventana mirando hacia afuera. -¿Sigues aquí? Y yo que creí que no me habías acompañado porque ya me ibas a dejar de molestar. - Dijo Jonathan rascándose la cabeza. -Me equivoqué supon...- Se le quedó viendo al demonio. -¿Y tu gorro?- -¿Qué? -Sock al tocar su cabeza se dio cuenta que ya no tenía su gorro, tampoco su chaleco, ni su falda. Tenía su camisa azul, sus jeans, sus calcetines, sus botas y su bufanda. -Te los quitaste - Afirmó Jonathan, recordando la vez que Sock se quitó su gorro para poder ponerse los audífonos. -¡Claro que no! No recuerdo haberlo hecho - Dijo el demonio alterado - Voy a buscarlos - Flotó y salió atravesando la pared. -¿Y este loco? ¿Qué tiene ahora? - Preguntó Jonathan a si mismo al ver a Sock volando a toda prisa. - Ya me tiene cansado ¿Cuándo se irá? Ya pasaron tres semanas. Dijo antes de dejar su mochila en la cama. Se iba a acostar a escuchar música cuando vio algo en la pared. - ¿Qué es eso? - Debajo de la ventana había como si alguien hubiera usado las uñas para escribir en la pared, Jonathan descifró las letras que formaban una palabra - \"Ylenol\"... Parece el nombre de una ban... Un momento ¡Ese idiota rajó mi pared!- Por último se acostó de mala gana en su cama, esperando a que el demonio no regresara. En otro lugar... -No hay duda de que mató a sus padres y se suicidó. Su lápida decía \"Yo\"- -Bueno, ya no se puede decir nada- -¿Quién dice que no?- -Pero... si ya está muerto- -No me importa si en éste momento el diablo lo tiene en una caldera hirviendo, atravesándolo con mil tridentes. Ése niño no escapará de la justicia en la tierra- -¿Y qué piensa hacer?- -Ya lo verá, tengo mis contactos- CONTINUARÁ Muchas gracias por leer. Si ya se dieron cuenta, este fic también lo tengo en wattpad como HitomiAkane.[Chapter 2] El adolescente rubio comía su desayuno mientras veía televisión, cuando dieron las noticias. -Anoche, la policía encontró los cuerpos de los Sowachoski, quienes estaban desaparecidos desde hace varios días, dejando atrás una escena sangrienta en el cuarto del señor y la señora Sowachoski. Según los forenses fueron brutalmente apuñalados por su hijo, Napoleon Maxwell Sowachoski de 15 años, quien enterró a sus padres. El joven se encontraba en una tercera tumba a la par de sus padres. Su cuerpo no fue enterrado, tenía un cuchillo en su mano, al analizar el cadáver, se encontró una profunda apuñalada entre el abdomen y el pecho, lo que confirma que se suicidó- Quedó con la boca abierta al ver que pasaron la foto del mismo demonio que vivía en su casa. Puede que... él no lo sabía del todo, ni si quiera tenía interés en preguntarle, ni siquiera su verdadero nombre, del cual se río al escucharlo. Por alguna razón... no le preocupaba, el chico no podía matarlo, él tenía que suicidarse. Seguro iba a hacerle muchas preguntas, esperando a que el demonio no niegue ni mienta. -No los encontré por ningún lado- Sock entró atravesando la pared de repente. Ya habían cambiado las noticias. -¿Cómo pasó eso? No estás vivo, no puedes perderlos- -Hay cosas que aún no entiendo, no me preguntes- -¿Así como no debería preguntarte por qué mataste a tus padres?- Jonathan miró de reojo a Sock. El demonio se quedó paralizado en el aire con sus ojos bien abiertos. -¿Sock? - Jonathan intentaba hacer reaccionar al demonio. -Tu... ¿Cómo... lo sabes? - Tartamudeó el chico. -Lamento decirte que tu suerte se ha acabado. Encontraron sus cuerpos- -¡¿Qué?! ¡Pero si cubrí mis pistas! ...- Sock cubrió su boca al reaccionar. Acaba de confesar. -Maldito - Dijo Jonathan con su voz tranquila. -Jonathan... esucha. La verdad es que no quise hacerlo. Fue un accidente; ocurrió por impulso- -Aún así eres un asesino; te gusta matar gente - Se levanta de la silla con los brazos cruzados - ¿No es así? Sock se aparta un poco al ver a Jonathan acercarse. - Ummm - Juega con sus dedos - ...Si. Me gusta matar gente- Su mirada estaba en el suelo. -Y mira que con tu propia familia, maldito bastardo- -¡No lo soy!- Se enojó el demonio. -Si, si lo eres... - Acerca su cara amenazante a Sock - ...Napoleón- -¡No me digas así!- -Napoleón- -¡Cállate!- -¡Napoleón!- -¿Quién es Napoleón, Jonathan?- El padre de Jon entra a la casa. - ¿Y por qué le gritas?- -No te interesa- Respondió Jonathan de forma pesada hacia su padre. -Malcriado - Terminó diciendo su padre.- Dejé mi teléfono por algún lado - Fue al segundo piso para ir a buscarlo. -Primera vez que hace eso- Dijo Jonathan extrañado. -Debe estar muy ocupado - Le dijo el demonio a la par de él. -No, hablo en serio. Nunca lo había... - Entonces se escuchó un ringtone a la par del microondas. Jonathan fue a ver y ahí estaba el teléfono. - Qué lugar tan inusual para dejarlo. - Iba a ver quien llamaba cuando su padre llegó a quitárselo. -Gracias. Ya me voy - Se fue. El chico se quedó sin palabras ante esa reacción. -Jonathan - Lo llamó el demonio. -¿Q-qué? - Reaccionó Jonathan en ese momento. -Se hace tarde- Señaló el reloj. -¡Demonios! - Tomó su mochila y salió corriendo. Sock iba a salir también, cuando se detuvo un momento. Sentía esa punzada en su pecho, una que hace años que no la sentía. No sabía si era esa noticia, ese horrible nombre, esas palabras... O tal vez ¿La persona que se las dijo? Pues, Jonathan jamás le había hablado así, esa era la primera vez. -¿Qué te pasa? - Alguien más estaba ahí. Era Mephistopheles. -N-nada. Todo está bien - Dijo Sock tratando de ignorar lo que sentía cuando se dio cuenta que su jefe estaba ahí. -Creo que no todo, niño - Dijo la deidad con una cara seria. -¿De qué hablas?- -Estás en problemas - Señaló la televisión, la cual a Jonathan se le olvidó apagar. Pasaron una pequeña parte sobre los tres cadáveres. -Estoy muerto. Ya no se puede hacer más- -Si tú lo dices- Mephistopheles iba a retirarse, pero antes miró a Sock. - Descansa hoy, no es una buena idea que vayas a la escuela. - Finalmente desapareció. -¿Okay? - Se fue a sentar fuera de la casa para esperar a Jonathan. No había nada mejor que hacer-...¡EL RESTO DE MI ROPA! -Y fue a seguir buscando. CONTINUARÁ[Chapter 3] (Mientras busco una continuación de la animación W2H, me encuentro la página de .com ¿Alguien la ha visitado? Es una serie de historias creadas por Numbuh 404, que tienen relación con la vida de Jonathan y Sock... No les quiero arruinar la ilusión, no me gustó mucho, pero lean un poco (Literalmente porque no hay muchas historias que leer. La cuarta todavía está en proceso). Me jalé un personaje de ese fanon. Espero que les guste como usé este personaje en el fic. Sigamos ;D) Jonathan llegó tranquilo a la escuela, no había nadie que lo molestara, se le hizo raro que el demonio no lo siguiera esta vez para eso. Sin embargo, ahora que lo pensaba era mejor tener su privacidad intacta que a un demonio asesino incitándolo al suicidio. Fue a su casillero antes de la primera clase para sacar un libro. Mientras lo abría, a su izquierda, una chia también abría el suyo, justo ahí, el cráneo de un animal cayó al suelo. -¡AHHHHHHHH! - Jonathan casi le da un infarto al ver ese cráneo. Se sostuvo de la puerta del casillero para no caer al suelo. -Lo siento ¿Te asustaste? - La chica tomó su cráneo y lo volvió a guardar. Jonathan miraba la apariencia de la chica, que era de piel bronceada, ojos azules con anteojos, cabello índigo y llevaba pantalones azules y un suéter amarillo. -¿Q-qué... qué demonios era eso? - Preguntó el pobre que aún no salía del susto. -Oh, es solo la cabeza de un conejo adulto - Dijo la chica como si nada. -¿Por qué lo tienes en tu casillero? - -Ayer lo encontré pero aún tenía carne muerta, así que se lo llevé al maestro de ciencias para que lo limpiara. Me lo dio muy tarde y ya no cabía en mi mochila, por eso lo guardé aquí... Soy Claire Hemlock, mucho gusto - Terminó presentándose con una gran sonrisa como si lo anterior no le importara a Jonathan. -...Jonathan Combs - Respondió el chico. -Sabes que estamos en el mismo curso ¿verdad? - Le preguntó ella. -Ahh... No. No te conocía- -Bueno. Ahora si jeje - Ella le sonrió - Soy amante de la ciencia- -Yo... no tengo esos gustos - Le respondió Jon de forma seca. -Oh. Ya veo. Entonces, nos vemos después. Fue un gusto Jonathan - La chica se fue para llegar antes a clase. Jonathan la vio irse. Después siguió con su casillero para sacar el libro y finalmente cerrarlo. - Qué chica tan rara- Susurró. -No deberías ser tan malo - Una voz femenina de la derecha se escuchó. -¡WOAH! ughhh - Jon lanzó un ligero suspiro mientras se ponía una mano en el pecho - Eres tú Lil - Se quedó un momento pensativo - Ah, cierto. Quiero decir, Magill- Miro hacia otro lado. -Hace mucho que no me dices Lil- Le habló la chica de cabello morado. -Y... tú hace mucho que no me hablas- -Bueno, he tenido unos inconvenientes- -Oh. Claro.- Un pequeño silencio se formó entre ellos, algo incómodo. -Gritas como niña, Combs - Alguien que llegó desde atrás empujó a Jonathan haciendo que tirara el libro. -Ugh... - Cuando Jonathan se dio vuelta vio que era el líder del equipo de fútbol americano. - No fastidies Melto- Lo trató por el apellido. Desde que Zack Melto le hacía bullying a Jonathan jamás se trataron por el nombre. -Pero me divierte molestarte, chico- Zack tenía una sonrisa burlona. -Ya vete de aquí, Zack. - Magill puso su mano en el pecho del más alto y lo empujó hacia atrás. -Oh, es Magill Nancy. Siempre estás defendiendo a éste tipo ¿verdad? Veo que te gusta- -Oye, Magill. Estoy bien. Solo ve- Jonathan fue interrumpido. -De ti, creo que defendería a cualquiera. Te aprovechas de quien sea. - Magill respondió amenazante - Así que no me hagas enojar o meteré mi lápiz en el sitio que siempre usas para ir a hacer del dos - La cara de la chica empezaba a dar miedo. En ese momento tocó el timbre para entrar a clase. Zack se fue a paso rápido para alejarse de Magill. -¿M-Magill? - Jonathan, algo nervioso tocó el hombro de la chica. -Llegaremos tarde a clase - Dijo ella, levantó el libro de Jonathan y se lo dio. Después entró al salón. -Ufff ¿Qué demonios ocurre hoy? - Jonathan fue a su salón a sentarse. Cuando arregló sus cosas en el escritorio, se dio cuenta de que la maestra no llegaba todavía. Se recostó mientras esperaba. Con todo ese escándalo, había olvidado que Sock no estaba con él ¿Qué le habría pasado? Creyó que el demonio se aparecería antes de empezar las clases. De lo pensativo que Jon estaba, no se percató de que estaba siendo observado. Claire Hemlock y Magill Nancy lo tenían bien vigilado. Sin embargo Jonathan sintió que se le erizaban los pelos y volteó a ver a Claire primero, pero la chica ya había quitado sus ojos para ver hacia la ventana. Luego miró a Magill quien también ya había retirado su vista para recostarse en el escritorio, Jonathan no sabía si sus ojos jugaban con él, pero miró una pequeña esfera blanca pasar a la par de la chica y ocultarse rápidamente, fue por un milisegundo. -Me duele la cabeza - Susurró Jonathan mientras se frotaba el rostro. \"No mueras\" Escuchó como si hablaran dentro de su cabeza. No en su oído, no alguien de la clase, sino en su cabeza, dentro. Jonathan miró haca todos lados pensando que Sock ya había llegado, pero no, no estaba ahí, y lo más raro, no fu él quien le había hablado en su cabeza. La puerta de la clase se abrió, y todos fueron a sus lugares antes de que la maestra entrara. Pero no fue ella. Una mujer de piel blanca, casi pálida; cabello negro y liso, agarrado con una cola de caballo alta, pero aún así el largo era hasta la cintura, con fleco que llegaba a sus párpados; ojos verde olivo, en el derecho tenía un pequeño puntito color lila, lo cual era extraño; vestida con una blusa de botones con mangas largas color celeste, falda de paletones color negra, medias negras, y botas bajas de tacón color marrón. -Buenos días a todos. Soy su maestra suplente- Podría decirse que la mayoría de la clase se quedó embobado con la apariencia de la mujer, la cual, no parecía una persona mayor, era más una adolescente, casi universitaria. Jonathan tampoco podía apartar la vista de ella, hasta ese cuerpo delgado y esbelto no dejaba que nadie cerrar la boca de la impresión, ni aunque hubieran moscas volando. -Este... Disculpe señorita - Claire levantó la mano - ¿Qué le pasó a la maestra?- -Tuvo un accidente, pero se recuperará pronto. Ella me pidió personalmente que la relevara hoy - No sabía por qué, pero si sabía que la mujer de cabello negro lo estaba mirando, a él. Ella tenía los ojos fijos en Jonathan, poniéndolo nervioso ¿Qué le pasa a todo el mundo? Pero ni Sock lograba poner esos nervios en Jon. ¿Qué mensaje mandaban esos ojos olivos en los azules metálicos de Jonathan? Algo estaba claro. Ni la paz, ni el descanso estaban de su lado. El chico de los audífonos dejó eso de lado por un momento para concentrarse el resto del día. Iba a ser un largo y sofocante día. CONTINUARÁ[Chapter 4] Sigue sigueeeeeee Lo más loco... y bizarro: -Uhh... ¿Qué? -Se frota los ojos- Creo que me quedé dormido - Jonathan mira a su alrededor - ¿Y los demás? Parece que ya terminaron las clases - Suspira mientras se recuesta en el respaldo del escritorio. - -Está muy tranquilo ¿No crees?- -¡WAHHH! ...Ohh... Eres tú - Sock estaba sentado a la par de él mirando hacia el frente - ¿A qué hora llegaste? -Preguntó recuperando el aire que había sacado del susto. Igual que ayer en la tarde, Sock estaba con la cabeza en el espacio, lo que a Jonathan le pareció raro. -¿Sock? ¿Estás bien? - Tocó el hombro del chico, apenas se dio cuenta que... Sock ya no era un fantasma. Pudo sentir la ropa, la piel, el hueso del delgado hombro... la temperatura corporal. -Jonathan... estás frío - Dijo Sock al momento que ponía su mano encima de la de Jonathan. - ¿Por qué? - Volteó a ver a Jonathan con una mirada sin emoción, completamente seria. Era seguro que algo le pasaba a Sock. -...-Jonathan no sabía como reaccionar ante esa mirada que lo confundía- Estuve casi toda las clases muriéndome de los nervios por una loca que no me quitaba el ojo de encima - Respondió desviando la mirada. -No te preocupes, Jonathan. Ya no está aquí... yo si - Dijo Sock aún con su mirada inexpresiva, pero con una sonrisa falsa. -Lo sé... pero eres igual de irritante. - Decía Jonathan aún con su mirada hacia otro lado. No se había dado cuenta, de que Sock se levantó del escritorio para ir con él y abrazarlo, haciendo que se sobresaltara - ¡Hey...! -Sintió al demonio sentarse en su pierna que estaba por fuera -¿S-Sock? - El sonrojo se empezó a notar. Con su cara hundida en el hombro de Jonathan y sus brazos rodeando el cuello suavemente, sin apretar, Sock habló en susurros - Soy irritante... ¿verdad? ...Así que ¿Por qué no te deshaces de mi? ¿Has pensado en hacerlo? ¿Has intentado sacarme de tu casa? ...Quieres tu vida normal ¿verdad?- Tantas preguntas, todas lógicas, pero Jonathan le preocupaba ese extraño tono de voz, se oía como si Sock quisiera llorar. -Oye... Tranquilo... ¿Por qué dices todo esto? ¿Ya te rendiste o qué? - Preguntaba Jonathan tratando de mantener la calma. -Jon... Me duele... - El cuerpo del demonio empezó a temblar mientras se aferraba aún más del suéter de Jonathan. -¡Sock! ¿Qué ocurre? - Tomó los hombros de Sock para separarlo y poder ver que le pasaba. Sock poco a poco levantó la mirada, su cara estaba muy roja, además respiraba con dificultad- ¿Sock? - Jonathan se estaba angustiando ¿Qué podría hacer por él? Y lo siguiente fue que Sock se impulsó hacia adelante, tomando la cara de Jonathan entre sus manos y acercarlo hasta que lo atrapó con un beso - Mmm... - gemía Sock, como si estuviera aspirando o comiendo el mejor dulce. Jonathan no sabía que hacer, el demonio lo acababa de tomar desprevenido, su sonrojo se hizo notar, hasta Sock sentía las mejillas calientes del humano. -So_mmm...- Finalmente Jonathan se dejó llevar por el beso, abrazando con fuerza a Sock mientras luchaba con su lengua, aunque no recordaba en qué momento se la metió. Haciendo fuerza con los brazos para no dejarlo ir, quería que la pasión durara más tiempo. -Ahh...mmm - Los gemidos de Sock hacían que Jonathan se excitara, metió sus manos en la camisa del demonio y suavemente las desliza por su espalda hasta meterlas en su pantalón. -Auch - Algo en el pantalón de Sock lastimó a Jon, volvió a meter sus manos para encontrar el objeto, se asustó de lo que sacó, era un cuchillo. - ¿Qué es...? ¡AHGGG! - Gritó al sentir como unos dientes le mordían el hombro bruscamente que hasta dejó caer el cuchillo. Un goteo. El hombro de Jonathan estaba sangrando, Sock tenía la boca manchada de sangre y sonriendo de forma cínica. - Jonathan... - Volvió a besarlo dejando sangre en los labios de Jonathan. -...Sock... ¿Por qué...? - Tenía miedo, el terror invadió a Jonathan, se veía en su cara. Y fue peor cuando Sock tomó el cuchillo del suelo y se lo puso a Jonahan en el pecho haciéndolo temblar por sentir el filo metálico y frío. Pensó... que ya era su final. -Jonathan... - -¡Jonathan! - -¡WAAAAHHHHHH! - El grito resonó por la clase vacía - ¿Eh? - Confundido miró hacia todos lados, Sock ya no estaba- ¿Un sueño? - -Mmmm... si, estabas soñando - La vio, era la maestra suplente. Ellos dos eran los únicos ahí. -Uhh... Es usted- -No tienes que hablarme formalmente, compañero. Tengo 18 ¿sabes? - -Lo que digas, tiene sentido siendo dos años mayor que yo- -Qué actitud... Ten, por cierto- Le da un pañuelo, el cual Jonathan miró confundido - Estás sudando - -Oh... Gracias - Lo toma y se seca la cara, por supuesto tuvo una pesadilla en lo que todo se sintió tan real. Luego se lo regresó a la maestra. -Es mejor que vayas a casa a descansar, estás muy pálido también- -Claro... - Se levantó del escritorio tambaleándose un poco, no le preocupaba que alguien lo viera en ese estado, ya todo el lugar estaba vacío. - Hasta... mañana - Miró a la mujer y se fue. Aquella chica miró por la ventana a Jonathan alejarse. Caminó hacia el escritorio de Jonathan, mira al de a la par. - Yo ganaré este juego, ya verá ese malnacido de Mephistopheles. - En otro lugar... -Señor, por fin contraté a alguien que nos ayudará a atrapar a Sowachowski... muerto - El hombre de traje sonríe hacia su jefe. -¿Y quién es el sujeto? - Preguntó el que se encontraba sentado en el sofá de su oficina. Al mismo lugar, entró un chico alto, delgado pero que poseía algo de musculatura, con cabello azul y ojos rojos, vistiendo una camisa negra de botones con mangas largas, pantalón de vestir negro y zapatos formales. -¿Quién es usted, joven?- -Mi nombre por el momento sobra - Respondió el chico serio - ¿Podrían decirme de quien se trata la captura?- -Ah, si. Se llama Napoleon Maxwell Sowachowski, mató a sus padres y luego se suicidó. Aún así no podemos dejar que ese criminal sea libre de la ley humana. Tiene que regresar- -Está bien, pero antes ¿Cómo es él? ¿Tienen una foto?- -Aquí está - Uno de los hombres se la pasa. -Gracias. Ahora... es momento de que haga mi trabajo - En un parpadeo, ambos hombres fueron decapitados - No diré \"lo siento\" Ustedes tampoco fueron buenas personas - Dijo el sujeto sin nada de arrepentimiento. Se llevó la fotografía y salió del lugar. - Veremos quien de los dos será el primero en llegar hasta Mephistopheles - Se guarda la fotografía y camina tranquilamente, hacia su destino. Continuará ","Summary":" Este es mi fic Sockathan que espero que les guste :D Un regalo para Mady Shell. Solo: Inútil, ya no"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"I love you she doesn't","Author":"kohaipls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11727955","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Sock. I know I know. Who names their kid Sock?! My parents apparently. I'm a high school student and I'm in love with my best friend Johnathan. He doesn't know it though. I could never tell him. He likes our friend Jojo. I don't know what he sees in her though, she's kind of a bitch. I wish he would look at me the way he looks at her. My days always start out the same. My mom yells for me to get up. I get up, go to the bathroom, wash up, brush my teeth, pick put clothes, put them on, brush my hair, and then put on the chain Johnathan got for me 2 years ago. Breakfast is usually skipped and I head to school. Sometimes Johnathan comes to pick me up but I usually walk. When I get to school I sit in the back of all my classes and try not to be noticed. I slept through most of school, barely making it to my last hour. As I got changed for gym I look around for Johnathan. Is he not here today?! I hope he is. I sent him a text before going out and joining my class. After school I walk home alone. I check my phone for a reply from John but there wasn't one. I frown and go to my room ignoring my mom. I get on my computer and do some of my homework before dinner. After dinner my family watches a movie and then goes upstairs to finish anything they didn't before dinner. After we finish whatever it was we had to do we go to bed. As I go up my stairs I get a phone call from Johnathan. \"Heyyyyy how are you? Why weren't you at school? Are you sick? Do you feel better?\" I ask one after another. \"Woah there,\" he laughs \"I'm fine. I had a doctor's appointment during 8th hour that's all. Was Jojo there? Did she ask about me?\" I sigh quietly. Of course he wants to know about her. I dont wanna disappoint him though so I lie to him. \"Yea she asked where you were. I told her I didn't know and that you might be sick. She said she hopes you feel better.\" He was probably smiling right now, glad that the girl he likes was worried about him. \"Anyway I gotta go do homework I'll see you tomorrow,\" I feel a little bad for lying to him but I cant keep talking to him about her. \"Okay then bye,\" he says before hanging up. I sigh quietly and finish going up stairs. Seriously, what does he see in her? She has a different man each week. I groan as I hear my parents fighting. They act like a perfect couple in front of people but they argue constantly when they think nobody can hear them. I work on my homework for a while before getting ready for bed. I quietly go to the bathroom to change and then go back to my room, putting my headphones in and falling asleep. Heyyyyyy. Imma upload the next chapter sometime this week. Tell me what you guys think pls. Sorry bout the short chapter[Chapter 2] I wake up the next day to silence. Why hasn't my mom yelled for me to get up yet? I look at the time and my eyes widen. Its 12 in the afternoon! I've missed most of school what am I going to do now? I get up and go to my parents room. They're not in there, maybe they're downstairs? I go to the kitchen and look around. \"Mom? Dad?\" I call out. Where could they be? I grab the house phone and call my dad's cell. On the second ring he picked up. \"Hello?\" Thank god he answered. \"Hey dad. Why didnt mom or you wake me up?\" There was a pause before he answered. \"Your mom left. I dont know when she's coming back. I'm sorry.\" I close my eyes and take a deep breath. \"It's okay. I um I'm gonna just stay home since I already missed so much school.\" \"Okay. I gotta get back to work. We'll talk more when I get home okay.\" He doesn't give me a chance to reply and hangs up. I go back to my room and lay on my bed, looking at the ceiling. My phone goes off and I look at it. Its Johnathan. I dont answer him, instead turning over and going back to sleep. When I wake up its 6 pm and my dad is downstairs with someone. I listen carefully and shake my head. Not even 10 hours since mom left and he's with another woman. I check my phone. 3 missed calls and 5 text messages. I check the one from my mom first. 'I know this is sudden but I hope you can forgive me. Your dad and I have had problems for years now. No matter what happens I want you to know that I love you.' I text her a simple 'I love you too' before looking at the ones Johnathan sent. He seemed pretty worried. I sent him a message saying I was fine. I go downstairs and grab an apple, washing it and then returning to my room. I turn my tv on, turning to channel 50 to watch the new Steven Universe episode. I had nothing else to do since I didn't go to school. I browse the internet on my laptop as well. I watched some Dan and Phil to help pass the time. When 10 finally rolls around i turn my computer and tv off. I stand up and stretch, making my way to the bathroom to get ready for bed. As I brush my teeth I reflex on what happened today, in those few hours I was awake. I hope my mom doesn't stay away too long. After I go back to my room I decide to pick up. I start with my laundry, putting it all in one pile to take down tomorrow. Then I put away my clean clothes and clear off my desk. Having nothing else to do I get in bed and go to sleep. Chapter 2 wooooooo lol enjoy[Chapter 3] Johnathan's POV Sock wasn't at school yesterday and didn't answer his phone till almost 10 pm. I had something big to tell him and I don't think I could hold it in any longer. I had finally asked Jojo out yesterday and she agreed! I wanted him to be the first person I told. I woke up late and by the time I made it to school the first hour was over. Guess I won't see him till lunch then, if he's here. I sigh at the thought and go to my second hour. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~time skip~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ When lunch rolled around I practically run to the cafeteria. Disappointment rushed through my body when I didn't see him. I sat down with Jojo and the rest of my friends but found it nearly impossible to pay attention to their conversation. Jojo poked me and I looked over at her. \"You okay?\" she asked. \"I'm fine\" was all I said before getting up to throw my food away. I didn't mean to be rude but I was starting to worry. Was Sock okay? He's never missed 2 days in a row. My day wasn't interesting if Sock wasn't here. I hope he's here by tomorrow. School seemed to drag on. As I entered the locker room to change I noticed a familiar face. It was Sock. He was here. In gym class. Not gone. But then why wasn't he at lunch? He started walking away I quickly called out to him. \"Sock!\" He doesn't turn around and I frown. After changing I go into the gym and look for Sock. He was all the way across the room talking to Jojo. What where they talking about? I walk over but when I got there Sock was already gone. \"What was that about?\" I asked. \"Nothing,\" she says staring after him, \"he's just not that excited about our relationship.\" She then turned and walked off. Sock's POV When I got to school basically everyone was talking about Johnathan and Jojo's new relationship. I wanted to ask Johnathan about it but when he didnt show up for first hour I realized I didn't really want to hear him say it. I sat on the roof for lunch but knew I couldn't skip gym. I heard him call me but ignored him and continued to walk. Once I was in the gym Jojo grabbed my arm and pulled me across to a secluded corner. I glare at her as she starts to speak. \"Why are you acting like this?\" she asked. I scoffed and shook my head. She sighed and put her hand on my arm. I shrug it off and turned to walk away. \"I'll break his heart if you don't stop acting like this!\" She was angry now. I turned around and got close to her. \"If you do that I swear I'll hurt you,\" I hiss. She smirks and leans closer. \"How about I tell dear Johnathan about your secret hmm?\" I stare at her. \"You know you really shouldn't keep things from your friends. Especially when you're dying because of it.\" How does she know? Who told her? That doesn't matter, right now I need to make sure she keeps it a secret from Johnathan. \"Don't you dare tell him about that! I'll tell him on my own time!\" As Johnathan neared I walked off. Running was not my thing and I really didn't want to run the mile. A couple minutes in and Johnathan and I were at the back. I was in front of him and tried really hard not to go back there and tell him everything. My vision started getting blurry and I could feel myself falling. The last thing I heard before passing out was someone shouting my name. Jonathan's POV We had to run the mile today. I wasn't excited at all and ran slow. Sock and I usually ran together but today he ran ahead of me. Everyone else was ahead of us so it was fairly quiet. I noticed Sock kind of wavering and I ran a little faster trying to get to him. But before I could make it he was falling. \"SOCK!\" I shout reaching out to grab him. I managed to catch him before he could hit the ground and I sighed with relief. I picked him up and ran back towards the teacher. \"What happened?!\" Mutayoba asked. I quickly explained as he called 911. When the ambulance got there I asked to go with but they wouldn't let me. After school, which was really only a couple minutes later, I was on my way to the hospital. I got there the same time Sock's parents did and we went up together. His mom went straight into the room while his dad stayed and talked to the doctor. I hesitated outside the door but when his mom waved me in I walked in. Sock wasn't up but I knew he probably wouldn't. \"Thank you,\" his mother said softly. \"If you hadn't been there I'm sure he would have been worse off.\" \"I'm sorry for not being right there,\" I apologize. I felt bad for letting him even get that close to the ground. She shook her head and smiled. \"You did what you could. I'm just glad he didn't hit the ground.\" There were tears in her eyes now and I didn't know what to do. Do I hug her or is that weird? As I was thinking about it Sock started moving. We both lean close as his eyes open. He blinks a couple times to get used to the light. Sock's mom left to go get his dad and the silence was uncomfortable. \"Are you okay?\" I ask quietly, breaking the silence. He looks at his lap. \"Actually, Johnathan, I have something to tell you,\" he starts off. I scoot closer to Sock and wait for him to continue. He looks me in the eye as he continues. \"I have cancer and the doctors don't know how much longer I have to live.\" I open my mouth to say something but Sock shakes his head. \"I'm not finished. I've also had a huge crush on you and I avoided you today because I couldn't handle the fact that you're dating Jojo. I'm sorry for being such a bad friend and wanting more then I can have.\" Sock had tears running down his face. \"Sock…how long?\" I asked quietly. \"How long what?\" \"How long have you had cancer? Why didn't you tell me before? I thought we were friends,\" I couldn't look him in the eye, \"If you liked me you should have said something. I'm dating Jojo because I gave up on you.\" I felt him grab my hand and I looked up. \"I'm sorry,\" he looked me in the eye. I leaned in hesitantly, judging Socks reaction. Sock's POV I was freaking out inside. Was he leaning in?! Does he want to kiss me? I hope so that would be great. I close my eyes as his lips touch mine. I couldn't believe this was actually happening right now. I pressed back lightly not wanting the heart machine thingy to go off alerting the nurses. There was a knock on the door and we both quickly broke apart. \"Come on in!\" I call out. My doctor walked in followed by my mom and dad. \"Sock! It's great to see you up,\" he says with a twinkle in his eye as he looks at me and Johnathan. I blush and look at my lap. \"You're not looking too great and I think it would be best to keep you here for a couple days. Is that okay?\" I nod, disappointed that I won't be able to go right away. My parents ran home for a while to grab things and the doctor went to see another patient. Johnathan had to go soon but as he got up to leave I grabbed his hand. \"Wait before you go could you…maybe…give me another kiss\" I mumbled. He smiled and leaned down giving me another kiss. Before he could pull away I put my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. One hand went next to me as the other went behind my head pulling me in deeper. When we finally broke a part we were both panting. I smiled and waved as he walked out the door. Things were finally going my way. Sorry for the long wait hehe I got distracted with things in my life. The next chapter will most likely be the last buttttt maybe not X3 Panic! At the Disco helped me finish this finally lol. Enjoy the update[Chapter 4] Sock's POV I was bored….again. Being kept at the hospital sucked, but the doctor won't let me go. I have begged him for days to let me go home but his answer stays the same. I know exactly why he won't let me go. I was dying and he knew that I knew. I just wanted my last days on earth to be at my house but the doctor won't budge. The only good thing is Johnathan coming to see me everyday after school. Right now he was helping me with my homework and joking around. I needed to tell him but I don't know how. Do I just come out and say it? Do I ease it into the conversation? UG WHY IS THIS SO HARD? He got up to leave and when he leaned down to kiss me I wrapped my arms around his neck and held him there, not caring that the machine would go off and the nurses would come running in. For now it was just me and him and that's all that mattered. When I let him go Johnathan was surprised. \"Is everything okay?\" I looked at my lap and fought the tears. \"I'm….I'm not getting better….I'm actually getting worse,\" I give a tiny, bitter laugh, \" and I only have a couple weeks left to live.\" I couldn't look at him as I waited for his reaction. Slowly his hand grabbed mine and he sat back down. \"Sock…I'm…..how long have you known?\" His voice was soft and broken. The tears slowly fell as I answered. \"About a week. I'm sorry for not telling you right away I just didn't know how to tell you.\" \"Isn't there anything the doctor can do? Any other treatments?\" He sounded so broken and I wanted to tell him that it would be fine but I didn't want to lie to him. I shook my head, the tears falling faster. As his arms wrap around me I stop trying to hold my cries in. After awhile my sobs quiet down and we sit in silence. \"Will you…stay with me tonight?\" I was scared that if he left right now, he would never come back. I held my breath and hoped he would. I almost cheered when he moved me over slightly and laid down. I turned over so that we were facing each other. Johnathan had his eyes closed and looked like an angel. I lift a hand and softly put it around him, pulling myself closer to him. I pushed my head into his chest and took a deep breath, taking in his scent. I felt his arms tighten around me and I knew that I was safe. \"I love you,\" I mumble. \"I love you too,\" he replied before lifting my head to kiss me. I melt into the kiss, moving slightly so that he was under me. I pulled away and looked into his eyes. I knew that what I was going to say would break his heart but I needed to say it. Jonathan's POV \"I don't think I'm going to survive through tonight,\" his voice is quiet but I heard his words loud and clear. I felt my heart shatter at his words and I don't know what to say or think. Sock, my Sock, might not make it through tonight. I wanted to cry but held strong for him. As he settled back into my chest I kissed his forehead and we fell asleep cuddling. I woke up to nurses shaking me and an annoying sound in my ear. I knew before I was fully awake that Sock was gone. I could feel the tears welling up and I looked at the floor. His mom came rushing in a few minutes later followed by his dad. I felt out of place but when I went to leave his mom called me over. She pulled me into a hug \"You don't half to keep the tears in anymore. You can let them out,\" she whispered and that's what I did. I cried and cried, not able to keep the tears in anymore. I had just lost the one person who really meant anything to me, but I was glad I was with him in his final moments. Epilogue \"Hey! It's been so long.\" \"It's been what 10 years now?\" \"Crazy right?!\" \"Do you ever think about him?\" \"All the time….. I heard about the adoption. Hows the little guy?\" \"He's doing great! I actually need to go pick him up from the babysitters but I wanted to stop by before that.\" \"Yea well I gotta go. I've got a meatloaf in the oven. Come over anytime sweetheart.\" \"I will don't worry.\" We parted on a hug and I watched as Sock's mom walked away. After saying a prayer at Sock's grave I went to go pick up Little Blake. He had already fallen asleep by the time I got there. I paid the babysitter and carefully buckled him into his seat and buckled him in. I drove slowly as to not wake him. I'm sure Sock would have loved him if he was here with us. I smiled and hummed a little tune. After putting Blake into his bed I kissed his forehead and went to my own bed. \"I love you Sock forever and always,\" I whispered as I fell asleep. And I'm done X3 tell me how it was guys. My grandma actually gave me the idea to have Sock die in Johnathans arms so you guys can thank her lol. Byeee ","Summary":" My name is Sock. I know I know. Who names their kid Sock?! My parents apparently. I'm a high school"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Welcome to Heaven","Author":"kitsunicorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11575807","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Faint pre-dawn light filtered through a thin curtain and settled on Jonathan's eyelids. He groaned and shifted slightly in his bed, weighing the consequences of sleeping for another hour against going to school. The mental scale tipped towards the latter when the insistent buzz of his alarm clock shrilled through the messy room. With a defeated sigh, he sat up and rubbed his eyes clear of sleep before slamming his hand down on the clock. A few well-used minutes later, he was out the door, shimmying into his grey sweater with a slice of toast in his mouth. He noted the sun barely heaving itself over the horizon as he started across the street. Jonathan took the brief moment of silence to hook up his phone to his purple headphones, and to ponder toast. Bread was already cooked, mind you. Why do you have to burn it again? Just as he stepped onto the curb, the yellow monstrosity that also happened to be his ride to school pulled up in front of him. The door opened with a breathy sigh, insisting that he step inside. Sliding the headset over his ears, his quietly stepped onto the bus. From his seat near the back of the vehicle, the teen gazed out the window. Houses and cars and parks and trees passed at increasing speeds. Jonathan liked to imagine this was a metaphor for life. There's just so much of it, and it goes by so slow and dull at first. But then it gets more exciting, and then you actually get to live it. Unfortunately, he was still on the boring part. Wake up, go to school, homework, go to bed. Wake up, go to school, homework, go to bed. Jonathan's life seemed to have become a well-oiled machine engineered to do exactly this, over and over again. Honestly, he was sick of it. Suddenly, there was a loud pop, followed by a deafening screech. The bus was filled with the a screams of the few student who wake up at this ungodly hour as it spun to the right and skidded to a near halt. From there it tilted ever so slightly. Inch by inch, then by increasing intervals, the vehicle tipped over. There was a crash of all of the windows shattering, then silence. After a few excruciatingly long seconds, the bus driver cautiously asked, \"Is everyone okay?\" Jonathan quickly looked over himself. There were fragments of glass embedded in this skin, mostly on his right side, where he was pressed against the asphalt inside a window frame. Aside from that, however, he was miraculously unhurt. That's when the truck hit. ...o0o... With the shred of consciousness he was slowly regaining, Jonathan knew he was way too comfortable. He felt as though he was lying on a fluffy cloud. A soft, loving hand pressed against his temple, while another stroked his hair. An a soothing hum filled the air. Jonathan slowly opened his eyes to meet a pair of dark purple ones that seemed to hold the galaxy. The warm, cocoa-colored face that the eyes belonged to smiled down at him, still flat on his back, and said a few simple words that should have stunned him for the better part of a minute, had time existed: \"Hello, Jonathan. My name is Providence. Welcome to Heaven.\"[Chapter 2] Jonathan lay silent for a few moments, attempting to process what the angelic voice had said. \"Wait… So, I'm dead?\" He inquired faintly. Her laugh was pure and clear, and sounded like the noise one would imagine glitter made. \"Yes, you have clinically died. Your heart has stopped beating, and your lungs have stopped breathing. Thoroughly, your body has stopped working.\" The teen slowly sat up, taking in his surroundings. He previously thought he was outdoors, but upon closer inspection, he saw the suggestion of wall and a ceiling. The wallpaper seemed to shift like stars in a night sky, planets and galaxies and nebulas floating and colliding. Feeling around the floor, he was reminded that he was still way more comfortable than should be humanly possible. Beneath his fingers was-what go you know? He was literally lying on a cloud. \"So if this is Heaven, are you God?\" \"I supposed I am the closest thing to your human concept of a higher being.\" He turned to examine the woman-Providence. She had skin like rich chocolate, smooth and dark. Her purple pixie-cut hair waved in a nonexistent breeze, and glittered as though covered in thousands of crushed diamonds. The ethereal divinity wore a plain, white sundress and large gold hoop earrings. After the few minutes of study Providence seemed to decide were sufficient, she extended an arm to the teen. \"Need a hand?\" Jonathan gratefully took it with a polite \"Thank you.\" \"This is my office.\" She gestured to the room surrounding them. With the wave of her hand, a desk, complete with two overstuffed chairs, and file cabinet appeared in the far left corner. As the blonde lowered himself into a seat, Providence poised, \"Do you know why you are here, Mr. Combs?\" She made her way to the opposite side of the table. Jonathan thought back to the wreck. \"Because I died in an accident?\" Providence leaned over the desk slightly and chuckled. \"You don't get into Heaven just for not killing yourself. No, you are here because you had hope. You lived life as though you knew you had something to look forward to. You did things that helped your future, and nothing to hinder anyone else's. You may have kept to yourself, but you didn't harm others in the process.\" He pondered this for a moment. \"So… I'm here because I was good?\" \"That is part of it, but you also believed that there was something more important you were building up to.\" Jonathan found this a bit surprising. He had, of course, always imagined that his life would get better and more meaningful, but he had never really grasped the concept of an afterlife. \"...And here I am to deliver. Now, this guardian angel position I'm about to offer you is kiiiiinda a big deal.\" This piqued Jonathan's interest. \"So I get wings and a halo and all that?\" \"Sort of. You will also be assigned to a human counterpart. It will be your job to guide, comfort, save, and be a general help to this person until they learn to correct their ways.\" \"You mean I have to tell people what to do?!\" Jonathan never liked interacting in a group, much less be in charge of one. It wasn't that he was shy, he just wasn't motivated by working together. The blonde always felt more productive alone, and therefore had no idea how to boss someone around. \"Not exactly. You get to help people take charge of themselves .\" She paused while he mulled it over, then continued. \"You'd work 9-5, and have Sundays off.\" Jonathan considered this briefly. \"And if I decline your offer?\" Providence sighed. \"I certainly hope you don't.\" \"Ha, well, can't argue with that.\"[Chapter 3] Jonathan looked over the file containing his first assignment as he strolled up to the bus stop. Napoleon Maxwell Sowachoski Age: Teen Eyes: Wide and Bright Hair: Covered with Hat Likes: Death Dislikes: Being Alone He sighed, understanding what about him needed to be \"corrected.\" When he was alive, he had known wannabe emos that faked a love of gore, but he never thought it was genuine. The teen glanced up from the folder to see the queer looking teen from the photo. Napoleon was dressed in a blue t-shirt and brown sweater vest, topped with a red scarf. A large red aviator hat with yellow goggles was snugly rested on a mess of red hair. But the strangest part was a purple skirt over ripped jeans. Well, like YOU'RE on to judge. Napoleon caught sight of the angel. Apparently, he was oblivious to any holiness about Jonathan, so he gave a cute lil wave and sheepish smile. This is probably the part where I'm supposed to tell myself I'm not gay, Jonathan thought. Frankly, though, Jonathan had come to terms with his pansexualness over a year ago, so thoughts like these didn't bug him anymore. The blonde lazily waved back as the bus arrived. The door squeaked open encouragingly, and his human quickly scampered on. For (as far as Jonathan could tell) the second time that day, he lifted his headphones onto his ears and followed Napoleon onto the vehicle. The blonde found it strange that he was still wearing the same clothes he died in, somehow including his phone. Jonathan encountered some difficulty following Napoleon to his seat, having fallen through the floor of the bus. Providence had warned him about this. If he didn't concentrate, he could lose track of what he would and wouldn't phase through. If I had wings, I wouldn't have to worry about standing, Jonathan grumbled in his head while easing his way up through the floor. That was another thing: he had to earn his wings by completing his first assignment. He could hover in the meantime, but he was told that with wings he had more control and ability. Jonathan floated to Napoleon's seat, unsure of what to do next. Before he could do anything more, the human looked up and saw his guardian angel standing awkwardly nearby. He lifted his bag with a grin and patted the seat next to him. The angel exhaled and sank into the bench. \"Hi! You must be new? My name is Sock! What's yours?\" Sock. The goofy nickname made Jonathan crack a smile, the first in a long time. \"I'm Jonathan, nice to meet you.\" Sock smiled giddily, as if he hadn't spoken to anyone in a while. \"Hello Jonathan! I think we're gonna be great friends.\" \"I certainly hope so,\" Jonathan grumbled.[Chapter 4] Despite his startling appearance, Sock was kind of a neat kid. He seemed extraordinarily bright, and was very passionate when he spoke. Unfortunately, he drew some strange looks while talking to the angel, and Jonathan realized he probably couldn't be seen by most people. The brunette didn't seem to mind, though, almost as if he was used to these kinds of glances. Sock pressed between other children's bodies, giving Jon the grand tour of the school. \"… This building contains the upperclassmen rooms, Junior on the bottom, Seniors on the top. The same goes for that one, Sophomores upstairs, Freshies down.\" A hand was waved in the general direction of a structure as he named each building clockwise around the campus. \"That's where the offices are, and there's the elective building.\" Jonathan found the the fact that the two approached the first area named rather odd, given Sock's height and relatively immature demeanor, both of which were lesser than his own. \"What grade are you in, Sock?\" He asked, voicing his confusion. The human blushed, tugging the flaps of his colorful hat down around his head. \"I'm… I'm a Junior. In fourth grade, my teacher couldn't keep up with my pencil, so they started me on work from a grade up. I skipped fifth grade because I had already learned all of the material in all the time I had to kill.\" Dumbfounded, a \"Woah,\" was all Jonathan could manage. Almost immediately after arriving to the door of Sock's first class, the bell rang, and the crowd began to disperse to their respective rooms. \"Ah, do you have your schedule yet?\" the human asked. He pointed to the glass door at the exit of the building. \"If not, the registration office is that way, I'm sure they could pull it up for you.\" Oh boy . Jon had been dreading this topic. He wasn't exactly sure how to go about telling someone you were dead, like \" Hey! I'm actually your guardian angel, so you'd better shape up!\" He twiddled his fingers together anxiously. \"Here's the thing. I kinda don't actually go to this school…\" The conversation probably would have gone completely south if someone hadn't chosen to walk right through Jonathan mid-sentence. Sock had taken up blinking repeatedly and stuttering half-formed questions. He looked like he had seen a ghost, which frankly seemed to be the most logical explanation for the situation. \"So yeah,\" Jonathan continued awkwardly, not sure where to go from there. \"I'm your… Guardian Angel.\" ...o0o… \"So… You're really a ghost?\" Jonathan chuckled, hovering over the Sock's shoulder. \"Angel, actually.\" Sock poked at his food with a fork, not sure what to make of his current predicament. He looked up from his corner of the lunch room, searching for answers to unvoiced questions. \"Can they see you?\" he asked. \"I suppose not.\" \"Can they hear us?\" \"They can hear YOU. You're talking to yourself.\" Sock looked up with a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. \"I doubt it; nobody cares enough to listen to me.\" \"Why do you think that?\" Jonathan probed after a short moment of silence. The brunette scoffed. \" Think that? I know that! I mean honestly: would you want to be associated with the homicidal skirt-wearing boy?\" \"I suppose I have no choice at this point, do I?\" he teased. \"You know, you're kind of an okay person, Jonny,\" Sock stated, grinning. \"Hey, you're not so bad yourself.\" ","Summary":" Faint pre-dawn light filtered through a thin curtain and settled on Jonathan's eyelids. He groaned "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Letters","Author":"Baron Von Fish","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8994204","Passage":"[Chapter 1] London 5/7-2005 Dear Matt, Since you leaved London after the Millwall fight, We (GSE) have changed the managerial positions and we would want you to train Ben to be our new leader and then take him back to London. As we hope you know, Tommy of the Millwall firm murdered our beloved leader Pete Dunham and as you know the major is in the hospital and fighting for his life. But for you to do this mission you need to move back to London to be our new leader. Bring your girl and do not bring any of your journalist mates, we got enough trouble with you when you came in. So we hope to see you in London before the season starts! Whit Fucking Love Bovver[Chapter 2] Harvard 15/7-2005 Dear Bovver What! I didn't know that Pete was dead and the mayor is fighting. And why is GSE asking me to be the new leader? And NO Ben stays here in the states, but I can come over if it's a crisis! But if it's Ben you want to make your leader and not me you want so fuck of! West Ham Till I Die! Matt Buckner ","Summary":" London 5/7-2005 Dear Matt, Since you leaved London after the Millwall fight, We (GSE) have changed "},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"punching the ticket","Author":"purple devil 87","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13150404","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I dedicate this work to otako4ever because during my brief time I wrote fan fiction otako has been one of my true blue fans. Otako has shared my works with the world by posting some of them to tumblr. This is my last fan fiction work I will probably do. Thank you otako for all you have done. Wake up, school, homework, sleep. Wake up, school, homework, sleep. For Jonathan those events kept happening daily with no changes. Honestly school was no fun anymore with Sock pestering him. Everyone thought he was weird and had started bullying him. \"You talk to yourself.\" \"Your lame.\" \"You need glasses cause I don't think you can see where your passing the ball in gym class.\" All these comments (and also slight variants of the mean remarks)he had heard at one point or another and slowly drove him insane throughout his school day. The small statements slowly degraded his self image as they slowly turned into bullying. They picked on him because he was weird. Like who in their right mind passes balls to dead air where no one is standing, or talks to themselves at lunch, or even flips over desks for the fun of it. The effect of the comments on his self esteem became more apparent as Jonathan started dropping pounds and became thinner as everything that went into his stomach came right back out. Dark circles also began to form around his eyes from a lack of restful sleep. It seemed Sock's pestering had finally run its course. But if Jonathan killed himself then would he be able to confess his love to Sock? Jonathan grasped the knife holding it above his chest contemplating his options. Was existence as important as it seemed? He didn't think anything was able to change his ho-hum life. Sock wondered how Jonathan was doing. All day he seemed kinda down in the dumps and depressed. Wasn't this what he had wanted though? Hadn't he wanted Jonathan depressed and sad and vulnerable to the contemplation of taking his life? Well not quite. Mainly his job as a demon depended on such things but to Sock He couldn't bear to see Jonathan so depressed. Like Mephistopheles said he had liked the guy but more like he had a crush on him kind of like. Sock floated down the hallway of the small house and through the door to Jonathan's room. Upon entering the room he saw Jonathan slumped in the corner of his room, blood running across his chest and down his torso. Sock's eyes widened in fear and surprise. Jonathan finally took his words to heart. Sluggishly Jonathan lifted his head and saw Sock float over. What have I done! What have I done! What the hell have I done! The words echoed in Jonathan's head as he saw the worry in Sock's eyes. It took everything Sock could muster just to keep from crying as he silently panicked. Yet it was no use as the tears sprang into his eyes and blurred his vision for a split second and then slowly trickled down his cheeks leaving wet salty tracks. Sitting on the floor next to Jonathan he cradled him in his arms as his tears fell onto Jonathan's body. He was the only person he didn't want to kill. Slowly Jonathan's eyes became more and more droopy as things became hazy and blurry. Before he Totally drained of his life he uttered one last thing \"I love you Sock.\" Sock grasped Jonathan's warm hand and intertwined his fingers with Jonathan's sending a tingle down his spine which in turn made him cry harder. \"I love you too Jon.\" said Sock in a cracked squeaky voice clouded with worry. It was barely a whisper. It was said so softly that Jonathan could almost not even hear it. Yet he did making a small smile flick across his face. Slowly Jonathan's breaths became more raged as blood started to pool on the floor staining the carpeting in Jonathan's room. Gradually Jonathan's breathing began to quiet down as Sock grasped Jonathan's hand tighter. Then It happened. Jonathan all together stopped breathing. Sock felt his pulse and then he knew it was over. Jonathan was gone. \"Welcome to hell Jon.\" said sock quietly and then planted a kiss on Jonathan's forehead and knew it was all over. Authors Note: I am so sorry I haven't been able to write something in a while but I think i'm kinda over my fan fiction faze and am on to writing literary works. This may be my last fan fiction. If you want to check out my literary works there under the same username on fiction press. com As always please review and comment if you want to.[Chapter 2] It had been a week after Jonathan's death and still Mephistopheles hadn't given him another assignment. For the time being Sock was stuck in the human world as a lost soul. As he hovered in midair above Jonathan's coffin Sock looked out over the rest of the room full of various family members of Jonathan's. There weren't many friends at his funeral. He always was a loner and never made friends easily which was something he had in common with Jonathan. The lady in a black and grey lace dress standing next to Jonathan's coffin Sock assumed to be Jonathan's foster parent. Sock vaguely remembered Jonathan even mentioning her. He did though remember him mentioning his parents. *Flashback* Sock vividly remembered how he had accidentally walked in on Jonathan that one day and saw him staring at a photo of who he could only assume where his parents with tears on his lashes glistening in the lighting of the room. \"Hey I-\" Sock remembered how cheerfully he had approached Jon but abruptly stopped when he saw how he was feeling. Jonathan turned as soon as he heard Sock speak. \"Are you ok?\" Sock asked gingerly. \"Y-yeah. I um...i-i'm fine.\" Jonathan stuttered nervously as he wiped the tears from his eyes and quickly clutched the photo against his chest hiding it from Socks view but Sock managed to catch a glimpse any way. \"Are those your parents.\" Asked Sock referring to the people in the photo he caught a quick glimpse of. \"What?\" \"In the photo.\" clarified Sock \"Oh that...that's nothing. I-it doesn't matter.\" Said Jonathan taking in a long deep breath and then exhaled. \"You sure it doesn't matter?\" said Sock as he put his hand on Jonathan's shoulder making him flinch. \"C-can you just- I...ummm\" Jonathan tried to speak but his words came out choppy and choked up as tears welled in his eyes. As tears began to trickle down his cheeks Jonathan hung his head in disappointment. Sock shouldn't see him cry. Not now. Sock left and decided to leave Jonathan alone for a moment. When he returned he still saw him sitting on the edge of his bed but this time he held out the photo to Sock and said,\"Those are my parents. My mom was an alcoholic and divorced my dad. I never saw her again. My dad died of cancer when I was seven. Bet you wanted to know why I was crying.\" \" Oh…\" Silence. After a moment Sock spoke again,\"Sorry for your parents. To be honest I did kinda want to know why you were crying.\" \"Yeah it's ok. You know how it is sometimes. You get a little emotional over such things...or you don't. You probably don't have parents anyway so you wouldn't know.\" Sock floated over to sit down on the edge of the bed next to Jonathan. \"No. I used to have parents. They died though.\" That last part was halfway true. He didn't want to full out tell Jon he used to be a murderer. \"After that I killed myself. That's how I ended up in hell.\" All of a sudden Sock had an overwhelming desire to kiss Jonathan and make it all better. Sock stared into Jonathan's crystal blue eyes. God, how could Jonathan be so handsome even after crying. No wonder he fell for him. *End of flashback* Sock was glad he was invisible. Luckily no one at the funeral could see him reach into the coffin and stroke Jon's face. Even dead, Jon still looked handsome. He also looked at peace. Like maybe now his soul would be at rest because he got rid of all that was weighing him down. It felt wrong to think it but his own tormenting was probably what weighed Jonathan down. He wondered how it was alphabetizing the hall of crippling phobias for all of eternity. Authors Note: It was suggested by a friend of mine to continue this story and turn it from a short one shot into a multi chapter fic. I subsequently caved and wrote another chapter. I definitely will be turning this into a multi chapter fic and post chapters whenever I can. As always please leave a review if you want to[Chapter 3] Sock entered the empty graveyard and sauntered over to Jonathan's grave. Looking at the grave he let a tear slide down his cheek and wiped it off on his scarf. It had been two weeks since Jonathan's death and still Mephistopheles hadn't given him another job so he was stuck still in the human world. Looking closer at the grave he noticed a folded slip of paper wedged in the slight gap between the headstone and the grass. Opening the paper he read what was written on the note: Hey Sock, There is another condition I could have fired you on that I never told you about. It regards Jonathan. It seemed that Jonathan was actually an angel. We shouldn't have killed him. So because of that I fired you. I'm sorry. You won't be able to return to hell now you will be stuck in the human world as a ghost. If I had noticed Jonathan was an angel any sooner I would have revived him and let him live. But I saw the funeral. I saw them bury him. So I had to release his soul and turn him into a ghost as well. Sincerely, Mephistopheles He knew it. Something was off when Jon died. His soul seemed too pure. He was glad it was all a mistake. Authors Note: I hope you like that. I have a happy ending in mind for the story and it may end with a kiss so for all of you Sockathan shippers I may be delving into your wildest Sockathan fantasies. Don't forget to leave a review if you want to. Byeeeeeeeeee![Chapter 4] Sock wondered where Jonathan was. He certainly wasn't in the graveyard. That left one other place he could potentially be. When he arrived at Jonathan's house he quickly entered Jonathan's bedroom which for only being vacant for two weeks had a surprising layer of dust collecting on his things. There in the middle of the room sitting on the bed was Jonathan with a smile on his face. \"Hey stranger, long time no see.\" Jonathan smiled and Sock chuckled and sat down across from Jon on the bed. But then Jonathan spoke again in a more sorry tone of voice,\"I'm sorry for all I've done. For dying, making you lose your job, and for breaking your heart. Mephistopheles told me everything about losing your job and being an angel and all that. I left his note at my grave figuring you would find it. Did you?\" Asked Jonathan. \"Yeah I did. You know you don't have to be sorry Jon. I knew something was wrong. I could tell because Mephistopheles didn't give me a new person to haunt.\" \"I also need to be honest with you about something. I-I love you.\" As soon as Jonathan said that a rosy tint crept along his cheeks. Sock felt his heart swell with joy It seemed he really didn't imagine Jonathan say that when he died. \"I love you too Jonathan.\" responded Sock with newfound joy. Then it happened. Sock had wanted it for so long. Jonathan pulled him in close and there eyes locked for what must have only been a minute but instead felt like an eternity and then he felt it upon his lips. Soft almost like cotton and Supple too. It tasted musty and sweet and felt graceful. Slowly Sock melted into the kiss and pressed fervently against Jonathan's lips letting his part a tad as he poked out his tongue and felt it dance with Jonathan's a little. Jonathan wrapped his arms around his waist and Sock pulled him closer letting the kiss go on a bit. Everything about the experience was pleasurable and possessed the elements of young love. When there lips parted Sock felt happy as he wistfully stared into Jonathan's piercing crystal blue eyes. There was nothing in that moment that could sum up the feelings that they each possessed for one another. Only one word got close enough to expressing it. Euphoria. Authors Note: I hope you like this story. I have one last chapter left to post and then it is over. I plan on making the next chapter a bit poetic, so stay tuned for that. i hope you have liked the story so far and I cant wait for the next chapter.[Chapter 5] You hold the knife in midair, debating. Is your life really worth taking. You feel a quick jab and now its over. Wait! Can you confess to him before your dead forever? He enters the room and cradles you in his arms. His voice worry some and full of alarm. He was there at your funeral to say his goodbyes. He was glad he was invisible so that way no one could see him cry. You where actually an angel not meant to be dying. So they revived you as a ghost. Leaving him no longer crying. Now its you and him together. Confessing your love for one another. Then you pull him close with your eyes locked on each other. The sadness your love has finally covered. No more sadness left to feel. In this moment its quite surreal. Now you feel his lips gently caressing yours. With a kiss that you have been longing for. As your lips pull apart you hold him close. His love like a drug you have overdosed. Authors note: :( Aww its over all ready. *Makes pouty face then smiles* I hope that you liked this story. As usual a review is always welcome. ","Summary":" I dedicate this work to otako4ever because during my brief time I wrote fan fiction otako has been "},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Out of the Chocolate Box","Author":"RoadwayFox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8897573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Out of the Chocolate Box \" Get out of here!\" The loud noise broke my trance and though my eyes could gather only lots of blood and rage, fighting people and screaming insults, I made myself get a grip (as much as possible) and retreat further into the corner. Why corner? Well, because it was the only place I could actually sorta hide into! Someone who screamed for me to get out never took into the account that there was NOWHERE to get out. All sorts of hits and punches were thrown and they made my escape impossible without getting at least a couple of them. \" Oh…would ya look at that?\" I looked up, clutching my purse to my chest. My breathing was shallow as my eyes rested on a rather big dark-skinned man with purely white teeth as he wickedly checked me out. \"What a bird like you doin' in a place like this?\" I should have bit my tongue, I know. Instead this came out: \" And what a goblin like yourself Is doing here? It's a mad world, trust me.\" That definitely hit some kind of nerve (maybe his mom used to call him that and didn't love him enough, I wouldn't know) because he charged at me. \" What a sharp tongue ya got there..\" His voice transitioned into a dangerous whisper. \"Why don't we work on ripping it out?\" Something in the manner of his threat told me that he might actually go through with it. Or maybe it was all the brutality that was going on in the dark ally of one of the most wonderful capital cities of Europe. \" Micky, get done with the lass!\" The words made the guy, Micky, turn around to nod to his…friend…I'm not sure I'd call a friend a person with whom you go around shaking life out of people…but then, what do I know? Fortunately for me (and unfortunately for my new acquaintance Micky) the distraction gave me enough time to take out the pepper spray and when he turned around he was met with more than one sprays in the eyes. Mickey screamed and though one hand went to his eyes, the other gripped my throat hard, pinning me to the wall. There was a dull thud and my head went dizzy. The guy that was holding me screamed in pain and screamed some very offensive names. The truth was by that time I really stopped feeling and seeing anything and felt myself going numb a little from the depravation of oxygen. I struggled, I really did! Not one of these damsels in distress! But he was tall, strong and angry…and temporary blind thanks to me. The odds were in his favor by far. I felt Micky unclench his enormous hands but my vision went all blurry and the darkness took over… \"Miss Sage?\" I stirred and open my eyes to see a nurse in front my hospital bed with a chart in her hands. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Better, thanks.\" I cleared my throat. \"When did I get here?\" \"A gentleman brought you in yesterday night. We got you name from the driver's license in your purse. You have a slight concussion and bruises all over you throat area.\" I coughed slightly and tried to feel my neck with my hands getting a respond with sharp pain. Grimacing I looked back at the nurse. \"There's no need to keep you here any longer, I'll get the doctor to sign the papers. But I have to ask, you realize that we call the police in the cases like this.\" \"Hm…there's really no need for that. Somebody just tried to mug me and I don't remember anything about him beside the fact that it was a He.\" I shrugged. That was a lie but I was a remarkably good actress. \"Do you need me to call anyone? Relatives, maybe?\" \"No, thank you. I don't have relatives here and I wouldn't bother anyone back home for a simple concussion.\" The nurse nodded but the worry expression painted her features. She seemed to be around fifty with greying hair and I could only guess that she already had grandchildren – she just had that kind of look and aura around her. \"But I'm staying with a friend and I'm sure she'll do her best to get me on my feet soon enough.\" I smiled. \"Alright then. Your things are under the bed. I'll just get you signed out and some medication in case your neck or head will be a trouble.\" \"As in painkillers?\" \"Yes.\" \"Oh, I'm a fast healer. There won't be any need for that.\" I smiled sweetly again. After giving me another suspicions look, she turned to the door but stopped a couple steps after: \"Oh, and miss Sage.\" \"Call me Calina.\" \"Calina, that's a beautiful name..Well, the man who brought you in yesterday, he was in a hurry and dropped his wallet.\" She fished a black leather item from the pocket of her scrubs and handed it to me. \"Thanks..\" I said unsure. \"I thought you might want to thank him for help.\" She again made her way to the door. \"A very handsome young man, if I may notice.\" I chuckled and she left. I flipped the wallet in my hands a couple times before opening it for inspection. There were some bills in it, couple credit cards, tickets to what seemed like a football game and a driver's license. Bingo! Well, hello, Peter Danham. AN – Hello-hello, everybody! I finally got my hands on the GSH story. Ow took me long enough though… Of course, I don't own anything but the plot and my OC's. Just so we get disclaimer out of the way! Anyway, I would be thrilled to know what you think, what are your thoughts on Calina so far. And yes, we've already seen Micky (the sneaky git) so fast into the story. Well, waiting !impatiently! for your reviews![Chapter 2] My head was still hurting a little but it was more annoying than anything worth worrying about. By the time it was around eleven I was standing across the street from the pub named \"Abbey\" trying to window-gaze. It was one of those bars, you could tell. The audience there was there for ages and the newbies were stared at. It helped that I was a girl, girls are always welcome. The wind blew sharply sending my hair right at my face, covering my eyes and making my use my hands to wipe them away. I wrapped my leather jacket around me tightly and strolled through the road and straight into the pub. It was crowdy. Well, it was Saturday, so understandable. Taking a look around, I couldn't detect my target and settled for the bar. The music was loud, the alcohol was all around and tipsy slash drunk people were playing billiards and…socializing. A rather big man bumped into me and trying to apologize spilled one of his pints. \"Ouch!\" But I was fast enough and jumped out of the way, bumping into someone myself. The bar on Saturday night is an unstoppable domino effect. \"Sorry, lass!\" He screamed over the noise. I raised my brows but didn't try to answer and just continued with my way. \"Can I buy you a drink?\" The question flew near my ears before I even positioned myself on the stool. \"Hold on, tiger.\" I said as I finally took off the jacket for there was rather heated inside with all the people and booze going around but left the scarf on. I looked to my left at a rather nice guy in his mid -twenties with dark hair and mischievous eyes. \"Done? So how about that drink?\" \"Ok.\" \"What's your poison?\" He slammed a hand on the counter. \"Tequila.\" I supplied. \"I pegged you for one of those fancy lil' drinks ladies!\" His laughter boomed into my ear and he slammed the same hand on the bar to draw the bartender's attention. \"Terry!\" \"Beers for me and the boys and tequila shot for my new lady-friend here.\" \"Two.\" I corrected him. He looked at me amused for a second and turned back to the elderly gentleman behind the counter. \"Two.\" I smiled in thanks as soon as the drinks arrived. \"So, your first time here?\" The guy asked, he was rather nice but apparently didn't understand that I was about to except only tequila from him. \"Yes.\" I dropped back one shot. \"I'm Swill.\" I licked the salt from my hand and took another shot, concluding the deed with the bite on a lime. I cracked the bones on my neck slightly feeling the liquor travelling slowly through my system and turned to Swill, taking the jacket in my hand: \"It was nice to meet you, Swill.\" I smiled and took off to the other end of the bar where I spotted Terry. \"Wait!...\" But whatever he was saying got lost in the music. I saw Terry entering the door with the \"Stuff Only\" sign and re-entering the bar with a several bottles in hands while a young girl filled his spot behind the counter which was a definite shock for her, she seemed to be slightly frightened of…well, everything that was going on around. She was blond, around eighteen and had eyes like a bambi cartoon that blinked to fast. \"Daisy!\" Terry screamed apparently to her but she was oblivious. \"Hey, you're Terry, right?\" I caught him on the way. \"Yes, who's asking?\" \"Doesn't matter. I just have a quick question.\" \"Well, look around, bird! There's chaos in here. Only one waitress and the zombie I took behind the bar is obviously of no use.\" He scowlded and the bottle of Jack Daniels almost crushed the floor but the instincts kicked in and it was in my hands before it could get acquainted with the floor. \"Nice catch.\" Terry mused. \"What's so hard about two pints, two shots of vodka and a cocktail for my girl?\" The man with a couple bills in hand was very angry and shouting at the young blond. \"Daisy!\" Terry tried again potting to bottles on the shelves. \"Did you say? Two…\" Daisy seemed to wake up but to no avail actually. I sighed and pushed past Terry and moved Daisy slightly with my hips, throwing my jacket on the small stool at the end of the bar. I looked around and my eyes caught all the general liquid placement. I spinned a vodka bottle, taking out two shot glassed on the counter. I poured two shots. \"Your vodka. Beer is coming.\" I smiled to the bewildered customer. \"Daisy.\" I called. She looked at me unsure. \" be a doll and get two beers for the gentleman over here.\" The blond gazed behind me but didn't question and went for the drinks. \"Now what kind of cocktail would you like for you lady?\" I smiled a perfectly fake smile with my hands on the counter. \"How should I know?! Something sweet…for a girl!\" He said again. \"Well let's use our imagination then…\" I took out a deep glass and threw some chopped ice in. \"How about we start with some cranberry juice and some fresh lemon juice.\" The customer was watching as if I was showing some kind of a magic trick. \"One third cuantro…and a single pitch of Tabasco.\" I blew at the glass so the spice would cover the surface evenly. \"It will blow her mind.\" I whispered devilishly and looked up. \"Trust me.\" \"Wow! Thank you, sweetheart! Keep the change.\" He handed me the bills and glared at Daisy who came back with the pints. Wiping the counter I turned to see very amused Terry, smiling at me. \"What?\" I smirked. \"Your girl was having a panic attack and he was about to start crushing this place. And to your luck I used to work the bar. And what's more your luck – every bar is the same.\" \"What's you name again, bird?\" I chuckled but told him. \"Calina.\" \"You old enough to drink?\" Basically his question meant if I was old enough to serve alcohol. \"I'm twenty two.\" I said simply. \"Good enough. What was your question earlier, Calina?\" \"I need to find Peter Dunham. And his neighbor told me he's here often.\" \"You need Pete Dunham?\" \"Yes! Do you know him?\" I turned to look at the older man while slicing lemon. \"Tell you what, kid. Help me with this mess tonight. You work the bar, I pay you good money, even extra plus all your tips. Then I take you to Dunham.\" He smiled slyly and I knew that the old fox was not telling me something. A moment later I nodded: \"What the hell? I wouldn't say no to some extra money.\" \"That's ma girl. Daisy, you listen to Calina tonight, you got it?\" Not bothering to listen to whatever answer the blond was offering Terry took off to the other end of the bar and I looked up to my former drinking buddy roll up to the counter once again. \"What can I get you, Swill?\" I asked still slicing the lemon. \"What's going on? You work here?\" He asked truly shocked. \"Just for tonight. So?\" I looked up. \"Let me guess? Beer for you and the boys?\" He grinned boyishly. \"And don't forget a shot for yourself.\" I half-smiled, turning to grab the drinks. \"How do I call you if you and I gonna see each other more often?\" He tried again. I sighed. \"Call me whatever you want, Swill. Whatever you want.\" And I knocked back the shot of tequila he paid for. AN – And I solemnly promise you Pete in the next chapter!)) Please, your thoughtsreviewssuggestionsflames are welcomed![Chapter 3] AN – Everyone who left a review, thank you so much! Keep keep keep them coming! I love to read them, you're my motivation! Btw, if I haven't mentioned this before – I don't own anything besides the plot and the characters you don't recognize from the movie. But I think, you already know that! -- \"Where are you from? You've got this accent…\" \"Oh my God, Swill..\" I sighed tiredly and popped my head with my elbows on the counter. \"Do you have a home? Maybe you should visit it?\" I wasn't harsh but he's come up for a refill about five times already. It was around two and the crowd started to die down. There were some people behind the coulter but most were playing the stick and balls game and sitting in the booths. \"Why wouldn't you tell me your name?\" He sounded like a boy who wanted to torture a toy out of his mother. \"Ok, let's get something straight. The chain of command for tonight. I've got the booze, you're on the other side of the counter. So the situation when I'm mad at you and don't give you any booze it's a lose-lose one because you don't get beer and I don't get generous tips but…I'll willing to give in onto this temptation if you don't stop whining.\" \"Stay here forever…\" I've heard Terry behind me chuckle and say softly. Swill finally nodded and stood silently waiting for me to get his beer. \"Is he always like that?\" I chuckled when I reached Terry near the place where the beer bottles were. \"He's a nice guy, don't mind him.\" The old man answered, helping me. \"But you are very good at this.\" I smirked: \"Costs of zealous youth.\" \"What's your accent?\" \"Bulgaria.\" I said simply then smiled and added. \"You're a man of many questions, Terry.\" \"I just want to know who's in charge of my alcohol, kid. You're far from home.\" He started cleaning the shelves while I finished with the pints. \"Not that far.\" A small smile tugged at my lips at the mansion of my home. \"Take the rest.\" Terry told me while grabbing three out of total five beers. I silently handled the rest and followed him to one of the booths. \"Where's Daisy by the way? I haven't seen her for the last hour.\" I said while we were walking. \"I let her go. I started fearing she'd get a heart attack tonight. Poor stupid kid.\" I chuckled while he continued. \"I'm still hoping you'd change your mind and would fill in for her permanently.\" \"Huh. You ol' fox! Nuh, thanks. But hey, I'll leave you my number in case you'll face another catastrophe this evening was turning into before my gleeful appearance.\" I slightly bumped my shoulder into his. He chuckled just as we reached Swill's table. \"Boys!\" Terry called rather loudly. The noisy chatter at the table died as five young men looked at the bar owner. \"Terry! You finally came out from behind the bar!\" One of them said. \"Oh, look at the bird!\" The one near him tried to whisper but he was pretty intoxicated so the whisper turned into a rather loud sentence. I recognized the guy as the one who almost spilled his drink on me at the start of the night. \"Tequila girl!\" Swill, of course. There were two more men: one was skinny with a brooding face while the other had the clearest blue eyes I've ever seen and the face I've definitely seen at least once – on the photo on the driver's license in the wallet in the back pocket of my jeans. And by the look he was giving me he too recognized my guts. \"Quiet, boys! This is the heroine of the night, this place would have been such a mess otherwise!\" Terry put the pints on the table, I followed his example. \"Calina, boys.\" \"So that's your name!\" Swill was giving me a goofy grin and the boys laughed simultaneously. \"You already know Swill, kid. That's Ned, Ick, Bovver over there and this is the infamous Pete Dunham.\" Terry clapped young blond on the shoulder. \"Oh, what an introduction, Terry!\" Pete finally said, his Cockney accent thick to my ears. \"If I didn't know any better I'd say you're trying to sell me.\" \"What's the point?\" I chimed in. \"The reputation proceeds.\" There were whistles from Ned, Ick and Swill, Bovver kept his solemn face. \"What kind of a reputation is that?\" He asked, showing a small smile, a note of curiousness written in it. I half-smiled and took empty glasses. Not giving an answer, I cocked my head a little to the side, silently showing Pete to follow me. Giving the other boys a smile I told Terry I'd check on the bar and left. On my way I heard Pete excuse himself and by the time I was standing behind the counter, he was taking a seat on the other side. \"What was that all about?\" He asked, I must admit I rather liked the undertones of his voice. \"You did recognize me back there, didn't you?\" That was more of a statement really than a question. He was silent, trying to read me. I got where he was coming from: he brings a beaten up girl into the hospital and a day later she stalks him in a place where he usually hangs out with friends. Creepy much. \"Listen. I just came to give you this.\" I pulled the wallet from the pocket and lightly tossed it in front of him. \"And thank you. The nurse told me you brought me in. Thanks. I wouldn't think it's a common occurrence nowadays to land a hand to someone you've never seen before.\" \"You're welcome.\" Pete finally said but his eyes still read suspicion. \"That doesn't exactly explain how you're here…and behind the bar.\" \"This is a funny story actually.\" I pulled a bottle of beer and a glass shot for tequila. \"That's on a house.\" And I told him how my friend who's got a friend who's got other chain of friends hacked the name and gave me the address, how the neighbor told me that he usually hang out at the Abbey when I was waiting near the door of his apartment and how Terry promised to get me to him if I helped with the bar for the night. He laughed about Terry's little trick and told me…pretty much nothing: only that he was walking the night streets and heard some punks fighting in the alley, went in and saw me beaten up and on the ground. Then he took me to the hospital and left fast not wanting to answer any of the police' questions. \"I know what you mean. I'm not a fan of the force either so I thought it would be better not to report. I mean…I don't really remember anything anyway.\" Later I would realize that our first conversation was a pool of half-truths. That we withheld the most important pieces of what we could of told each other. But then I knew only that he was cockney, he towered over me even if I was on sky-high heels and he got me to the hospital in a very critical moment. Plus it helped that he was…very pleasant on the eye and his whole demeanor was sliced with some kind of danger and rebellion. I adjusted the scarf as I started wiping the counter with Pete's gaze still upon me. \"It's rather hot here.\" He noticed and I arched an eyebrow. \"Why are you wearing a scarf?\" \"Hmm…\" I took a second. \"Well. That guy from the alley…he kinda did some damage to the pipes. I just don't want people asking questions if you know what I mean.\" He nodded. Didn't say anything but nodded. Soon enough we heard one of his boys, I presumed Ned, calling out, saying they were calling it a night. Something was tugging at the pit of my stomach. The sensation I didn't get so often. If he would leave and I would leave, the chances were that in such a big city we would never meet again. And I was sure of one thing – I did want to see Pete Dunham again. Later I would question my sanity and ask myself over and over if I should have just kept my big mouth shut that minute but… \"Hey!\" He turned too fast and looked at me too eagerly, question in his eyes. \"Hm…when I was going through your stuff…in search for ID, of course…\" \"Of course.\" He chuckled. \"Anyway, I saw football tickets…\" His grin grew even more and that made me smile too. He had a very infectious grin. \"Never been to a live game before…\" That sealed the deal. ","Summary":" Out of the Chocolate Box \" Get out of here!\" The loud noise broke my trance and though my eyes co"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"45 Prompts: Green Street Hooligans","Author":"Rue Dawn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6871573","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys. This is the first set of my 45 promps I found on live journal somewhere. The underlined bits e.g return are the prompts they show where one starts so when you get to the next one you know it is a different prompt although it is all one story. This is the first set of them. I might make a fic telling the whole story later if you're interested. Let me know yeah? Anyways, enjoy and please let me know how I did. -Rue. Return I can't stop the torrent of memories that flood my mind as I push the door open and enter the pub, our pub, The Abby. It still smells of larger and cigarette smoke, there's still the same beer stained tables and old booths with the faded fabric seats. The round tables still have two little stools with the same burgundy coloured fabric as the booths on the opposite side of them to the booth seat so you can get pissed up in a group. Taking a deep breath of air, I walk to the corner of the pub, the corner they'll be in. The corner they've always been in. I can hear them laughing before I reach them, but then, you always could. Shaking my head to get rid of the thoughts, I step in front of my brother. This is what I'm here for. I left my life here. I only want to speak to him. I force myself to focus on Pete. I'm not going to look at the others, I can't, especially not if he's here. \"Pete.\" My voice sounds horse from crying. I can imagine what a state I look, my eyes red-rimmed make-up down my face. Pete looks as he always did, his familiar blue eyes are twinkling and I feel bad knowing I'm about to put a dampener on his mood. His face pulls into his little half grin as he recognises my voice. Now it's time. He looks up at me and the smile drops. \"Jessie what's happened?\" He's on his feet in a second. \"Mum's dead Pete. She 'ad a stroke. Steve called me. He couldn't get 'old of you. I got a train and, well 'ere I am.\" The twinkle in his eye is gone. Just as I knew it would be. He slumps down into his chair. \"Should we...go?\" He can't say it. He can't say hospital. It's too scary. I know the feeling. \"Nah, Steve's already left. We 'ave to go see 'im tomorrow mornin' I just...someone 'ad to tell you.\" It all sounds so useless. It doesn't sound like enough. I feel awkward stood there but I'm not sure what to do. If I'm welcome now. \"Well, sit down, come on Jess. Please. I...can you just. I need.\" I understand. He hasn't made a sentence but I understand. \"I'll stay Pete. I am staying, I...I'm home...for good.\" Hide I feel like a coward. I sit down next to Pete and keep my gaze firmly on the table. The tension in the room is obvious. Probably even to the stupidest of people. He's not stupid though, neither am I. \"So I'll get the drinks in then?\" His voice penetrates the silence. It's as smooth as I remember it. Accented like the others, but not as much so, he sounds more sophisticated as well. I lick my lips that have suddenly become very dry as my mind takes me back to the day I left. \" Jessie. Jess. J. Come on. Please.\" I sigh as I run a hand through my golden blonde hair. \" I have to do this.\" I answer without even turning around to face him, I can't face him if I do I won't leave. \" Why?\" He sounds so broken, so hurt. I know why. He loves me. He's never said it, but I know. Just like he knows I love him. It's not something I'm comfortable with saying, and he knows that. \" Because. I, I can't. It's not right for me to stay 'ere an' live off you an' I'm sick of worrying 'bout whether you, Pete an' the boys are all goin' to die after every match. Of not being allowed to come. Of bein' scared to walk around alone on match days in case another firms goin' to jump me.\" He knows that's not the reason. I know that's not the reason. I love the excitement and it's true they don't let me go to all of the matches but I go to most of them. I know the reason he lets me live off him too, because I love my job, it doesn't make nearly enough to live on but I love it. He knows exactly why I'm going, because I'm scared, because I'm hiding, because I love him. \" Stay. Jessie.\" I feel myself wavering as he pleads. \"Please. I'll do anything, just stay.\" \" I can't. I'm sorry.\" I don't even believe myself. \" Jessie...\" I snap, \"Why, why should I stay?\" I'm still facing the wall, I feel him come up behind me, he doesn't touch me but I know he's there. \" Because, Jessie I love you.\" \" I'm sorry Dave.\" I walk out, close the door, get into the car and drive. It isn't until I hit the motorway the tears begin to fall. Bitter I'm brought out of my memories as a pint is placed carefully in front of me. I tense. I hear him set his pint on the table before he sits down. Everyone is drinking the beer. Except me. Except him. I can see the bottom of his glass and I can feel his eyes on me. I know what he's waiting for. He's sat right across from me. If I drink the beer then I'll have to look at him. He's got me in a tight spot and he knows it. He knows it will be hard for me to look at him and he knows that although I have no problem with being rude I can't be rude to him, and not drinking the beer would be rude. He also knows that no matter what I can never resist a good beer for long. \"Gone off beer or summit?\" Bovver's voice cuts into our battle of wills. \"No.\" I mutter still staring at it. \"Why aint you drinkin' it then?\" He asks. Bov isn't stupid, I know it, everyone around the fucking table knows it. He's baiting me. I want to make some sort of snappy comment, but I can't. Not at Bov. Not when my mum has just died. She was as much his mother as ours at times. Tentatively I reach out and take the glass in my hand. Lifting my head at the same time as the beer, I take a deep pull. The taste was the same as the look on his face. Bitter. Heartache The heartache is unbearable. It feels like my throat has closed up and my stomach is so knotted I don't know if I'll ever be able to eat again. My eyes are glued to his face, his eyes glued to mine. He still looks as handsome as ever. His dark eyes are studying me. His black hair combed neatly. He'd been at work earlier on. I could still tell. The stubble was still on his chin and his lips were still looking as soft as ever. I feel like I have an elephant sat on my chest. Like I'm being crushed, I want to move to run to scream, I can't. This is why I couldn't look at him when I left, because I was running, like a coward. Despite how strong my feelings were for him I had left. I felt horrible. I still feel horrible. I haven't been with anyone else since him. Anyone else ever actually but that's beside the point. I couldn't bring myself to do it, and I wonder if he could. I wonder if he's got a girlfriend now, if he's in love. Living with her in our old house, sharing our bed. It hurts to think that perhaps he's moved on. \"No.\" I look into his eyes as he speaks. \"No?\" I ask. \"No.\" He answers. \"I haven't, I haven't, with you...still, I'm not, I'm not. I haven't.\" My brow furrows. How he knows exactly what I'm thinking I'm not sure, but it's the answers that have got me. He hasn't been with anyone else. He hasn't got a girlfriend. He's still in love with me. He's not living with someone in our old house. He's not sharing our bed. He hasn't moved on. And suddenly the heartache lessens. Hope It bubbles up inside me. I suppress it, I can't let it show on my face but the hope is there. I'm still in love with him. There's no denying that. I know it. He knows it. Everyone sitting at this damn table knows it. I give him a small smile. It doesn't reach my eyes but it's a start, and he knows it. He raises his glass to me and I nod. I take another pull of my pint and look around at everyone. I feel bad for ignoring them. Bov looks like his usual grumpy self. Pete is in his own world but that's to be expected. Ned, Ike and Keith are keeping up the usual banter. And Swill. Well he's glaring at me like a hurt child. \"Swill?\" I question uncertainly. \"Where exactly is my hug?\" I roll my eyes and open my arms. He leans over and wraps his much larger frame around me. I'm engulfed by his scent the smell of chain smoking, deodorant, beer and roasted peanuts. As he lets go he gives me a warm smile. And there it is. That bubbling feeling again. Hope. Heartbeat My heartbeat is racing. My beer glass is almost empty. Perhaps one more swig. I look around at the group. No. My family. Pete has pulled himself from his thoughts. He's talking to Bov about the next match. My heartbeat is still racing, that topic of conversation does nothing to calm me. I look over at Ned, Ike, Keith and Swill. Their all talking about their last fight, that conversation isn't helping either my heartbeat is still going a mile a minute. I look over at him. He's relaxed and a slight smile is adorning his beautiful face as he listens to Swill raving like a lunatic. My heartbeat slows down. He always relaxed me. I never really knew why, but he always did. He finishes his beer and looks around at the other guys glasses. They're not even close to finished and we know why. They're trying to get us to talk. His eyes lock with mine. My heartbeat stays steady but my brain is whirring. He raises his eyebrows at me. I look down at my glass, biting my lip slightly out of nervousness I raise the glass up to my lips and finish my pint. We lock eyes again in a challenging way. Setting the glass on the table, I gather all my courage. \"Dave. Can I 'ave a word?\" My voice is low and fearsome, but it isn't of him it's of his reaction. If he'll say no. Nodding at me, he stands up and walks towards the door of the pub. As I follow my heartbeat once again, races. Words He holds the door open for me. Always the gentleman. I step out into the cool night air along with him and shiver. It's really cold. The goose bumps rise on my arms. For the first time tonight, I realize I'm wearing a tight t-shirt on the top of my body, no jacket. How stupid. Pushing this thought out of my head, I look up at him. I've always been pretty short. He waits for me to say something. I'm at a rare loss for words. \"Dave...\" Trailing off I shake my head. What can someone say to fix something like this? \"Why'd you go?\" His voice is like music to my ears. It seems to hold something special for me, something no one else hears. \"I was scared.\" I stare at the ground. I can't bring myself to look up at him. I can't bring myself to face the anger I know I deserve. \"That's not a fuckin' excuse.\" He's trying not to shout. I know he is. I know him too well. \"I know.\" \"THEN WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU USIN' IT?\" He exploded I knew it was coming. Dave doesn't often shout, I knew this was one of those times meant for shouting. \"Because it's the truth.\" I look up at him, my voice is as soft as a whisper and there are tears glistening in my eyes. The anger in his eyes disappears. \"No. Don't. Please. I...I can't deal wiv you forgivin' me so easily wen I acted like such a cunt. I'm sorry, I shouldn't 'ave, I dun know what else to say. I was scared, I was eighteen an' I was fallin' in love. I didn't understand. Not well enuff. Not to realize that it wasn't a bad fing.\" He takes a step closer to me, he puts a finger under my chin and lifts my head up so that my eyes meet his. \"An' that's exactly why I can forgive you. 'Coz you're sorry, and you were scared and you was young.\" I feel a warm tear falling down my cheek and he wipes it off. \"Hey, don't cry.\" Putting his arms around me, he pulls me into his chest and I sigh in contentment. I don't know how long we stand like this but eventually he pulls away. I look up at him. His eyes lock with mine and then. There are no more words. Okay so there will be more to this little prompts thing. I'm going to try and keep this at a T rating. But I might write a fic for it if you want me to after it's finished that'd probably be M. So let me know. -Rue.[Chapter 2] Second part. Disclaimer still applies. If I could get even one review guys that would be great :P. -Rue. Fireworks Fireworks. That's what replaces the words. After our eyes locked, it was as if a tension between us released. Like there had been a wall pushing us apart that just disappeared. His arms encircle my waist still and he leans down towards me. I lift my arms, running them up his chest and over his shoulders before finally locking them around his neck. He throws me his cheeky grin as I tiptoe to meet him and then our lips mould together. I'm vaguely aware of how right I was, his lips were as soft as always. The fireworks feel wonderful exploding in my head as I move my lips with his. His tongue runs deftly along my bottom lip and I open my mouth. Our tongues delve into each other's mouths exploring to see what has changed. Nothing much has. I let his tongue dominate mine. As I always did. It wasn't as if it was in a bad way, just loving. It makes me feel secure and safe. Pulling away in great need of breath I smile at him. He beams back down at me. \"Welcome home luv.\" I could cry. I place my arms around his waist again and tighten them around him. \"I'm sorry.\" \"I know.\" Mumbling I throw caution to the wind. \"I love you.\" Lifting me up he spins me around, I wrap my legs around his waist and he holds me up. \"I love you too.\" First Kiss The memories flood in as I look at his perfect face and I remember the first time he ever made me this ecstatic. \" Peeeeete.\" I look imploringly up at my older brother and he shakes his head. \" No way Jessie.\" \" But Pete. Steve won't take me 'e's got 'is stupid firm, please.\" I'm twelve years old and begging my older brother to take me to the match with him. Steve has his firm to worry about and Pete doesn't want me to go. Whether it's because taking your little sister isn't cool or because he's worried about missing the firm fight or me getting hurt I don't know, but he doesn't want me to go. \" Nah.\" \" Please. Mum said I could if you or Steve takes me.\" \" I aint takin' you Jess.\" \" Pete.\" There's a knock on the door. I'm in my hammers shirt and looking at my brother with pleading eyes but he turns away from me to answer the door. \" Aye aye lads. Let's go shall we.\" \" Pete. Please.\" \" NO JESSIE!\" The boys at the door all jump at the sound of Pete shouting. Swill turns round and looks at me as I despondently walk back into the house to turn the T.V on and see the match there. \" What does she want mate?\" He asks Pete. \" She wants me to take 'er to the match. Mum said she could go if Steve or me took 'er. Well Steve obviously won't take 'er and I don't want to.\" Swill looks at me sat on the sofa. \"Well 'as she got a ticket?\" He asks. \" Well yeah. She saved 'er pocket money. But mate. I can't take my sister to football.\" Pete glares at me as if I'm some kind of germ. \" Mate. Just take 'er. We'll look after 'er. Fuckin' 'ell I'll bring 'er 'ome if you want to find Steve for the fight after.\" Dave joins in the argument on my side. \" Steve will kill me.\" His resolve is starting to weaken. \" Steve won't 'ave to know mate. I mean she's a scrawny little shit, we can 'ide 'er if 'e comes over.\" Ned joins in as well, in fact all the guys are seeming to look at it as a challenge now. Pete sighs. \"Alright. Hurry the fuck up then.\" I smile and run out of the room following them to the match in high spirits. The hammers won that match 4-0 and as the final whistle blew and everyone was celebrating, Dave picked me up and swung me round. I giggle happily, and then his lips touch mine. It's brief but it's amazing and passionate. \" Dave.\" I mutter against his lips. He puts me down on my feet again and glances over his shoulder at the boys. \"Lets not tell your brothers 'bout that. I don't wanna die alright?\" I laugh and nod at him. \"Alright.\" \"What are you thinkin' about?\" Dave asks as he put me down on my feet. \"The first time we kissed.\" He smiles at me. \"Yeah, I remember Hammers won 4-0 right?\" I nod and he slips his hands into mine. \"Lets go back inside yeah? I 'ave a feelin' it's my round.\" Audience I smile at him, a full bright grin showing off my teeth. My mum always used to tell me that while, like my brothers, I had inherited everything from my father (a man who I hardly remember), my smile like hers, changes my whole face. Lights up a room, captivates attention and instils a sense of happiness in everyone who looks upon it. I get that reaction from Dave. He stops, seeming to look at me in awe. A reaction I never understood from him, probably never will, considering I never understood his view of me or how I came to deserve him. Shaking off the feeling, he slips his hand from mine, winks at me and pushes me into the Abby. Taking slow steps, we walk over to our booth and sit down. Everyone is watching us. Sighing Dave lifts his arm and puts it around my shoulders. Swill cheers, the boys all whistle and grin, Pete winks at me. I snuggle into Dave's chest and sniff his cologne. He smells warm and woodsy, rugged and manly, of larger and cigarettes, of Dave. This smell sends me floating into memories once again: We always have an audience. I brush my lips against his, run my hands up his back and grip the top of his shoulders. It's a beautiful English day and we're sat in the park, I contemplate how perfect everything is as the rest of the boys play football. \" Tut.\" The sound cuts into out moment. Gritting his teeth Dave drops his head into the crook of my neck, his hot breath gusts across my skin as he exhales slowly trying to keep his temper in check. Not much will get to Dave but that kind of thing really bothers him. I sigh stroking his hair softly, running my fingers through it I tilt his head up so he'll meet my eyes. From my position, (straddling his lap), I cast my gaze down and see how much this has gotten to him. \" Don't worry.\" My voice is delicate as I try to cheer him up. \"She's jealous.\" I wink. \" No she thinks I'm a perv.\" His reply is short his eyes are glinting with hurt rather than anger and I glare over at the tutting woman's back then return my gaze to his eyes. \" Dave listen to me. People are always watchin' us. We always 'ave a fuckin' audience but I don't care. You and me that's what matters. Coz they know fuck all to do wiv us. So fuck them.\" He grins at me and kisses me again. We both know he's a bit insecure about being slightly older than Pete but for now we can ignore it. A hot breath rolling across my ear and neck makes me leave my memories with a shiver. \"Always a fuckin' audience huh?\" He asks as they continue to cheer. \"Just means I can show you off.\" I smile and place my hand against his chest. \"It's good to be home. Audience an' all.\" Thoughts? -Rue[Chapter 3] Hey guys, This is a little bit from Dave's POV, so yeah let me know what you think on that. I want to thank my two reviewers for inspiring me to finally get this chapter done. I've got the next chapter or so planned out and I had this one planned out but it was really hard to write as it's a lot about when Jessie was gone which was kind of hard as I'd been thinking from Jessie's POV up to now it's hard to get into Dave's head. I hope you like it anyway he kind of ran away with himself here. Anyway review and let me know what you think. Rue. Gone As she finishes speaking, I can hardly believe she's back. I feel as if I'm going to wake up from the most vivid dream of my life and be unceremoniously shoved back into the pit of despair I've resided in for the last three years. Unintentionally I slip into a memory, the day she left: I walk into the house and sigh as I throw my jacket on the sofa. This flight was quite long and it's left me knackered, I just want to crawl into bed and sleep but I know I can't, I have a match to go to this afternoon. I shuffle upstairs and change into a black long sleeved sweater-type shirt and some blue jeans; I put on my trainers and leave the bedroom. Looking around before I close the door, I notice a few of Jessie's things are missing. Odd. My foot hits the bottom step and I realize at once, what exactly is happening. She's leaving. \" Jessie. Jess. J. Come on. Please.\" My own voice cuts through the silence and I find myself begging her not to go. She sighs and runs a hand through her golden blonde hair. I don't know if it's because i'm being faced with the possibility of never seeing her again but her hair looks silky and perfect in this light. I'll do anything I can to get her to stay, but I will not force her. \" I have to do this.\" She answers without even turning around to face me, she can't face me if she does she won't leave. She knows this as well as I do, she's scared, that's the only reason she's going. I wonder if I can make her admit it. Maybe she'll stay then, maybe I can reassure her. \" Why?\" I sound so broken, so hurt, even to myself. I love her. I may have never told her. I probably should have but I know she's not comfortable with saying it and I've always thought it would be best to wait. Until she's comfortable with it. It's not as if we don't know we love each other. Yes, I know she loves me too. It's not something you have to think about with Jessie. If she loves you, you just know. \" Because. I, I can't. It's not right for me to stay 'ere an' live off you an' I'm sick of worrying 'bout whether you, Pete an' the boys are all goin' to die after every match. Of not being allowed to come. Of bein' scared to walk around alone on match days in case another firms goin' to jump me.\" Bollocks. I know that's not the reason. She knows so too. She likes the excitement and sure we don't take her to every match but she comes to most. Maybe if I had let her come to more. No. I wouldn't it's too dangerous to take her to the away matches. I won't ever put her in that kind of danger. Ever. Even from behind her posture gives her away, she regrets saying that. About living off me. She feels guilty for saying it because she knows I only do it for her. She's scared. I wish she wasn't. \" Stay. Jessie.\" I can see her wavering as I plead. \"Please. I'll do anything, just stay.\" I mean it too, every word. \" I can't. I'm sorry.\" I don't believe her. In fact, I doubt she believes herself. \" Jessie...\" She snaps, \"Why, why should I stay?\" She's still facing the wall, I go up behind her, I don't touch her but she knows I'm here. I don't know what else to say. The words just come out. \"Because, Jessie I love you.\" \" I'm sorry Dave.\" She walks out. That's it. She's gone. Agony When I was younger, I always heard the saying 'if you love someone let them go, if they come back they truly love you.' Or some shit like that. I heard it once from my grandma. My grandfather left her for a while after a huge fight. Growing up I was regaled with stories of how wonderful it was when he came back. One thing she failed to mention, one thing no one ever talks about is how much it hurts when the person you love is gone. And let me tell you, from experience, the aftermath is hell. Noise in The Abby seems muted as my mind is still buried in memories. The door closing echoes making my ears ring. I stare in shock at where she was only seconds ago. I feel the tension in the air around me, worse than that, it's empty tension. I'm alone. A burning pain blossoms in my chest and I am subtly aware of my knees hitting the floor. The agony that I feel in my chest is almost unbearable and for a second I feel myself wondering how i'm alive. I reach my hands up and run them through my gelled hair. Breaking the odd quiet, (that was only being punctuated before by the sound of the heating running), along with shattering my composure, is an obnoxious ringing. \" Dave mate. Where are ya?\" Pete's voice gives me whiplash as I snap back to reality. \" I don't think I'm gonna make the match today bruv.\" I'm surprised to find my voice raspy and broken. As if my throat is cracking open. \" Why not?\" I hardly notice how confused he sounds. \" Jessie's gone.\" The phone closes with a large 'snap' and then rather unsurprisingly, the tears begin to fall. Numb The agony never goes away. I learnt that the hard way. In the end, you're left with two options. You can choose to try and live with the agony. The burning pain. Constantly walking around feeling as if your heart has been ripped from your chest. Or you can chose a sense of normalcy. You can let the numbness encroach on you. Take hold of your mind and go around in a pretence of emotional finesse. I chose the second option. Tensing slightly I squeeze Jessie's side reassuring myself that she's real and she's back. Her bright eyes shimmer with happiness as she looks up at me with a dazzling smile. I can almost sense my eyes shining as I look down at her failing to repress a grin. She looks away listening to the boys chatting and keeping a wary eye on her brother. An involuntary shiver shoots up my spine and I feel my mind spinning backward, reeling and tumbling as I recall the days of numbness without her: I walk into the pub for the first time in weeks. On the inside, I feel empty. As I enter people begin to greet me and I answer. Like nothing's wrong. \" Oi Oi Davy.\" I dimly register Swills greeting. \" Alright son?\" I reply nodding to everyone. \"My round is it?\" I ask. My expectation was disappointed. \" I'll get this one mate.\" Ned says moving towards the bar. They never said anything about me, didn't ask how I was about everything but that was enough. It wasn't until they started making me buy almost everything round again that I realized I had them fooled. They were wrong though, despite my numb state and startlingly good performance. There's one feeling I could never shift. The endless sorrow. I was many things when Jessie was gone but I was never fine. Never normal. And never happy. Endless Sorrow It's a constant feeling of emptiness that eventually turns into endless sorrow. You feel your heart beating hard against your ribcage as you lay in bed at night trying to sleep. You find yourself constantly wondering if tomorrow will be the day it ends. That day you hear about, that day you'll wake up and it just won't hurt as much anymore. I can't testify for others but that day never came for me. Never. I didn't wake up one day magically feeling better. Time didn't heal my wounds. By this point, nothing feels worthwhile. You eventually find yourself at the place where you're not angry anymore. You don't hold a grudge. You just want them back. You obviously have felt annoyed and angry at some points, but in the end even though you know you'll have problems to solve, you just want them back. The sorrow overrides everything and you realize that if they come back, there's an ending. As long as they're sorry, even if they don't apologize, you just want them back . Today is perfect for me. It always will be. Today as soon as I saw her, I had hope. Perhaps my sorrow isn't so endless after all. So what did you think? Was it totally terrible? Or actually okay? Review please! Rue. ","Summary":" Hey guys. This is the first set of my 45 promps I found on live journal somewhere. The underlined b"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Terima Kasih","Author":"Brid LaCroix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11199454","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Terima Kasih Ben Wade and Dan Evans 3:10 to Yuma (2007) based on Three-Ten to Yuma by Elmore Leonard Belongs to Lionsgate Films Warnings : semi-canon, bromance, etc. . \"Kau tidak seharusnya seperti ini.\" kata seorang pemuda yang mengobati luka di pelipis pemuda lainnya. Ben Wade—pemuda yang terluka itu hanya tersenyum pada Dan Evans, pemuda yang mengobatinya. \"Aku hanya tak sengaja terjatuh dari kuda. Kau tau lah, ini hanya hal biasa.\" Tanpa rasa bersalah, Wade memberikan senyumannya dan sedetik kemudian dia mengaduh. Dengan sengaja Evans menekan luka itu, \"Ini tidak baik-baik saja. Kali ini kau merampok di mana? Sudah kukatakan kau tidak seharusnya seperti itu. Kau bisa mencari pekerjaan yang tidak selalu membuatku khawatir. Beternak contohnya.\" Kini Evans memberikan ramuan di pelipis Wade—ramuan yang membuat luka itu cepat kering. \"Evans sayang, semua pekerjaan itu ada risikonya. Kenapa aku tidak sekalian mengambil risiko yang lebih besar? Bukankah sama saja?\" tanya Wade dengan mudahnya. Evans menggeleng. \"Tidak Wade. Salah, kau merampok! Itu akan membahayakan nyawamu. Sudah berapa kali kau pulang dengan luka seperti ini?\" \"Hm lima atau enam kali. Aku tidak terlalu ingat. Kalau kau mengkhawatirkanku aku semakin menya—\" \"Jangan, aku tidak ingin mendengarnya.\" Evans bangkit dari hadapan Wade dengan muka kesal. Tidakkah Wade tahu kalau Evans sangat mengkhawatirkannya? \"Jangan marah. Aku melakukannya untuk kita. Tidak masalah jika aku terluka setiap hari, asalkan aku membahagiakanmu.\" Kini lengan Wade melingkar di pinggang Evans dan menaruh dagunya di pundak Evans. \"Aku hanya bisa melakukan ini.\" \"Kalau begitu biar aku yang bekerja. Kau selalu melarangku untuk bekerja dengan berbagai alasan. Kau tidak bisa terus melakukannya. Kita tidak mungkin membuat hujan bersama-sama atau membuat debu menjadi rumput. Itu mustahil. Kita ini adalah dua pria yang bisa menghasilkan sesuatu. Aku akan melakukan apapun agar kau tidak terluka seperti ini.\" Evans menatap lautan debu di luar dari balik jendela, membiarkan napas Wade terasa di telinganya. \"Bukankah seharusnya seorang anggota keluarga dapat membantu anggota keluarga yang lain?\" Kini melepaskan pelukannya dan merangkul Evans. \"Kita memang tidak bisa membuat hujan atau mengubah debu. Tapi tetap aku tidak ingin melakukan hal yang membuat penyakitmu kambuh.\" Wade menoleh pada Evans, kini mereka saling bertatapan. Saling meminta pengertian dari masing-masing. \"Untuk yang satu ini, kau tidak perlu membantuku. Aku menghargai bantuanmu, tetapi kau akan menyusahkan dirimu.\" \"Aku tidak selemah itu,\" Evans tersenyum kecut, mengalihkan tatapannya dari Wade dan kembali memandang ke depan, jauh di sana. \"Kau membuatku seolah-olah hewan ternak yang selalu diberi makan dan dikeluarkan jika dibutuhkan. Aku hanya tidak ingin seperti itu.\" Wade mengerutkan keningnya. Tidak pernah selama hidupnya, dia menganggap Evans sebagai hewan ternak. Wade sudah menganggap sebagai saudara sekaligus sahabatnya. Dia tidak ingin membuat Evans terluka atau mengalami hal-hal buruk yang pernah dia alami. Wade tidak akan membiarkannya. Biar saja Evans menganggapnya jahat. Ini yang terbaik untuknya. Ini juga merupakan balas budi Wade untuk Evans yang pernah menolongnya dari hukuman gantung. Hanya ini yang dapat dilakukan Wade untuk Evans. \"Tidak.\" Wade meninggalkan sisi Evans, dan kembali duduk di tempat semulanya. \"Suatu saat nanti, aku akan menikah dan mempunyai anak. Aku hanya tidak ingin berguna bagi keluargaku. Kau mengertikan, Wade? Dengan kecerdasanmu yang tinggi, kau pasti mengerti.\" kata Evans, melipat keduanya tapi pandangannya tak berubah. Masih sama. Wade tidak sepenuhnya setuju keinginan Evans untuk mempunyai sebuah keluarga. Evans akan meninggalkannya dan membuat Wade sendirian. Dia akan membenci dirinya sendiri jika melepaskan Evans. Wade tahu kalau dirinya adalah pria egois yang menginginkan Evans untuk dirinya sendiri. \"Wade,\" panggilan Evans membuyarkan lamunan Wade. \"A-apa?\" kata Wade tergagap, dan tersenyum. \"Ada apa, Evans? Kenapa kau terus gelisah?\" \"Iya, aku ingin bekerja agar aku akan bertahan di masa depan.\" \"Sudahlah, nikmati saja hidupmu sekarang. Jangan terlalu dipikirkan.\" Balas Wade dengan enteng. Evans menghela napas mendengar balasan Wade. \"Selalu begitu.\" Wade memamerkan gigi yang menguning dan bangkit dari kursinya, keluar dari dalam rumah. \"Kau mau kemana lagi?\" tanya Evans melihat kepergian Wade. \"Tunggu di sini. Aku ingin memberikanmu sesuatu.\" \"Oh, Wade. Sudah kubilang aku tidak perlu baju bar—\" ucapan Evans terpotong namun terselesaikan pada akhirnya, \"baru.\" Terllihat di pintu masuk, seorang anak berumur dua belas atau tiga belas tahun sedang berdiri dihadapan Evans dan tertunduk takut. Evans menatap Wade, meminta penjelasan dari pemuda sembrono itu. \" Well , perkenalkan dirimu.\" Wade menyuruh anak itu untuk memperkenalkan dirinya. Anak itu membuka topinya, terlihat rambutnya berwarna pirang dan mempunyai mata yang begitu indah. \"Na-namaku Cha-charlie Pri-prince.\" Tergagap anak itu mengatakannya. \"Jadi? Ada yang perlu aku tahu?\" Evans melipat tangannya di dada, menatap penuh selidik. \"Tenang dulu. Aku bisa menjelaskan semuanya.\" Wade menggaruk belakang kepalanya yang tidak gatal, berusaha untuk mencari kata-kata yang perlu dan tidak untuk dikeluarkan. Salah kata saja bisa membuat Evans marah padanya. \"Anak ini aku temukan sendirian di dekat kota. Duduk di samping kedua orang tuanya yang kau-tahu-lah. Awalnya aku berusaha mengabaikannya tapi aku menyerah untuk tidak peduli. Aku kembali dan membawanya bersamaku. Luka ini aku dapatkan dari anak ini. Dia memukulku dengan kayu. Dia berontak. Kemungkinan dia menganggap aku sebagai ancaman dan dia terus memukulku hingga pelipisku seperti ini. Aku hanya ingin membantu.\" Wade menjelaskan, dan melihat Evans masih setengah percaya. Evans mengendurkan kecurigannya, mendekati Charlie Prince dan tersenyum. Kini tingginya sudah sejajar dengan Charlie. \"Apa yang dikatakan dia benar?\" Evans berusaha menyamakan jawaban Charlie dengan Wade. \"Kenapa kau tidak membawanya masuk sejak tadi?\" Kini pandangan Evans beralih ke Wade. Sedangkan Wade hanya tersenyum kikuk menanggapinya. Ragu-ragu Charlie mengangguk. \"Maafkan aku, sir . Aku tidak sengaja membuatnya terluka. Aku hanya takut.\" Sedetik kemudian Charlie memeluk Evans. Wade tertegun melihatnya. Evans berusaha menenangkannya, mengelus pundak Charlie agar tenang. \"Ssssh, tidak apa-apa. Ada kami. Kau tidak perlu takut. Kau boleh tinggal di sini.\" Evans masih menenangkannya. Tidak dia pedulikan bajunya yang basah akan air mata. \"Wade, mungkin kau bisa mengambilkanku kain.\" Evans menyuruh Wade untuk bergerak cepat dengan isyarat tangannya. Tanpa basa-basi, Wade mengambilnya dan menyerahkannya pada Evans. \"Sudah tidak apa-apa. Tenanglah.\" Evans mengelap wajah Charlie yang basah dan kotor. \"Nah, kalau seperti ini lebih baik.\" Puji Evans yang melihat Charlie tidak menangis lagi dan hanya menyisakan warna merah di matanya. \"Wade, kau bawa Charlie ke kamar mandi. Aku akan menyiapkan makan malam.\" Evans mengacak-acak rambut pirang Charlie. Wade segera menyuruh Charlie untuk mengikutinya. Anak itu patuh mengikuti Wade. \"Wade,\" kata Evans, membuat Wade menoleh padanya. \"Ya,\" \"Terima kasih.\" Evans tersenyum tulus. Wade mengerutkan keningnya. \"Untuk apa?\" \"Menolong anak itu.\" Evans kembali tersenyum. \"Dan aku minta maaf padamu.\" \"Untuk yang mana?\" \"Menuduhmu.\" \"Itu tidak masalah bagiku.\" Wade menggaruk kepalanya yang tidak gatal, berusaha menutupi rasa gugupnya. \"Terima kasih dan maaf sekali.\" Wade mengangguk dan segera mengantar Charlie ke kamar mandi. Sedangkan Evans menyiapkan pakaian kemudian memasak makan malam spesial. Sepertinya Evans tidak akan pergi dari sisi Wade untuk beberapa lama. Impian untuk membentuk sebuah keluarga dengan wanita yang dia harapkan akan memerlukan waktu yang lama. Di sini, dia sedang membina sebuah keluarga dengan seorang Wade dan Charlie. Yah, untuk sekarang Evans akan fokus dengan apa yang dimilikinya sekarang. Evans tersenyum. Sepertinya ini akan semakin sulit untuk melepaskan diri dari Ben Wade. Tetapi Evans tidak terlalu ambil pusing. Dia hanya menikmati waktu yang sekarang, tanpa perlu mengkhawatirkan apa yang akan terjadi selanjutnya. Wade dan Charlie akan berada di sisinya untuk waktu yang cukup lama. The End . [Jakarta, 20/04/2015, 23:53] Ini terlihat aneh ._. But saya tetap melakukannya. ","Summary":" Terima Kasih Ben Wade and Dan Evans 3:10 to Yuma (2007) based on Three-Ten to Yuma by Elmore Leonar"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"The Legendary Ben Wade","Author":"RigorMorton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12560057","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at works/6156715. Rating: Explicit Archive Warning: Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings Category: M/M Fandom: 3:10 to Yuma (2007) Relationship: William Evans/Ben Wade Character: William Evans (3:10 to Yuma), Ben Wade Additional Tags: Male Slash, Age Difference, Older Man/Younger Man, Virgin Will, Will Has A Big Crush On Wade, First Kiss, Boys Kissing, Sexual Experimentation, Hand Jobs, No Underage Sex, Will is 18, Praise Kink, Time Skips, death mention Stats: Published: 2016-03-04 Updated: 2016-03-09 Chapters: 2/3 Words: 3020 The Legendary Ben Wade by RigorMorton Summary William Evans is an eighteen year old boy, who accompanies his father Dan, on a mission to get legendary outlaw, Ben Wade on a train to Yuma to be hanged. Will ends up with nightwatch duty, and his crush on the renegade becomes painfully obvious. Notes This is something I wrote in about an hour. Lol. I love this movie so much, and I've always wanted to write something for this fandom. This pairing is not a far stretch. Will really did seem infatuated with Ben. You could see it in his eyes. A lot of dynamic here. Hope you enjoy. See the end of the work for more notes Chapter 1 William sits by the campfire, the crackling noise almost lulling him to sleep. He sits up straight and shakes his head. William drew the shortest stick and was stuck on night watch duty. Sleeping was not an option. If he nods off even for a second, he's certain Ben Wade will make his move. The young man watches the outlaw next to him, read his book by the fire. He's positive Wade could sleep if he wanted to, and is probably planning his escape. He quietly cocks his gun, just in case Mr. Wade makes any sudden movements. Will can't help but notice how handsome and rugged Wade is. He feels drawn to him. Not only for his looks, but his lifestyle. How fun and exciting the life of an outlaw must be. He'd stare at the older man sometimes and fantasize about being on the run with him. Robbing carriages and partying in wild cities, getting drunk and playing poker. He had other fantasies as well. Ones that were a little more intimate. Now it's difficult to make eye contact without blushing. He wants so badly to go over and talk to the handsome renegade, but Wade makes him nervous. He got butterflies, just from standing next to him. Every once in a while, Wade looks up from his book and smiles at the boy, causing William to turn red as a beet and quickly look away. Wade decides to do it again. He puts his book down and looks straight at Will, brazenly. Of course the boy's face flushes with red, and he immediately looks down at his feet. \"What's wrong, boy?\" Wade asks, smirking. \"I don't bite ya know.\" Will chuckles nervously. \"I know, sir. I'm just a little nervous is all.\" \"No need to be. I like your dad. Have a lot of respect for him. He's got moxy. I like that. I'd never hurt his son. So if you're bored, and want to talk, go right on ahead. Will presses his lips together, and scoots in closer, right next to Wade. \"Can I ask you something, Mr. Wade?\" \"Please. Call me Ben. And yes. Indeed you can. However, if I answer your question, you have to answer mine. Deal?\" \"Yes, sir. I mean, Ben. Um…are you scared? It's just that, you're well on your way to be hanged and you seem cool as a cucumber. It's just weird is all.\" Wade lets out a soft chuckle, running a hand through his wavy hair. \"No, son. I'm not scared. You know why?\" Will looks up, eyes wide and shakes his head. \"Because, I won't make it to Yuma. Even if by some miracle, your dad gets me on that train, they'll never get a chance to hang me.\" Will's mesmerized by the smooth talking outlaw. A small grin creeps across his face at hearing Wade say that so confidently. \"Now it's my turn.\" Wade says with a wink. \"Tell me, William, does your father know, you're homosexual?\" Will sits up quickly, a look of horror on his face. \"What? I….I don't know what you're talking about, Mr. Wade.\" \"Don't you now? You think I haven't noticed the way you look at me? Everyone else might not notice cause they's ignorant but I'm a man of the world, William. I've been places, and I know that look.\" Will is overcome with embarrassment. He looks down at his feet, unable to look Wade in the eye. \"No, he does not. Nobody does. I just recently realized myself. I mean, I always knew I was different than other boys, but I didn't know for sure, till I saw you, sir.\" \"Hmm. Whata ya know.\" Wade gives the boy a supportive Pat on the back. \"I'm sorry, Will. I didn't mean to embarrass you.\" \"It's alright. I kinda feel better, now that I told someone.\" \"Well, your secret's safe with me kid.\" \"Thanks, mister. I mean, Ben.\" Will laughs a little. A sense of relief washes over him. A weight has been lifted. Will's new found freedom and how cool and understanding Wade is being, has him feeling courageous. \"Ben….I'm eighteen years old, and I ain't never been kissed. And considering other people like me are hard to find, I'm afraid I might never be.\" He looks up at Wade, who's glaring at him through squinted eyes. \"Um…would you be my first kiss? I'm sorry if I'm being too forward, but I can't imagine what an honor it would be to have my first kiss with the legendary, Ben Wade.\" Will looks up at the older man, with big hopeful, blue eyes. Wade laughs, appearing very flattered. He lets out a long sigh, and nods his head. \"Sure, kid.\" Will's eyes grow wide and the butterflies in his stomach, feel stronger. A slight smile, starts in the corner of his lip. \"Really? You'd do that for me?\" Wade nods once more. \"Lie down. We'll do this right.\" Will nods his head and lies back on his blanket, gun still in hand. \"I have to keep my gun ready. Surely you understand?\" \"I do.\" Wade chuckles. The older man, scoots closer to the boy, shuffling on his knees. \"Close your eyes.\" The boy is a little weary. This could be a trick, but he was willing to risk it for a kiss from the handsome and dangerous Mr. Wade. He closes his eyes and a second later, feels Wade's soft locks brushing up against his cheek, followed shortly by lips pressed against his, and stubble scratching his chin and upper lip. He throws an arm around the older man, and feels Wade's tongue penetrating his lips, and sliding into his mouth. He thought, he might be grossed out, but he isn't. It's nice. Really nice. Wade's tongue is warm and moves in his mouth just right, like he knows exactly what he's doing. He tastes sweet, like whiskey and cigars, and Will lets out a soft moan, his hand squeezing the back of Wade's neck. Oh, how good it feels, emotionally as well as physically. Wade is a skilled kisser, and the thought of how naughty and wrong what he's doing makes it all the more intense. His dad would shit and fall back in it, if he woke up and saw this. It's exhilarating and he doesn't want it to stop. Will gets greedy. He wants more. Apparently Wade is liking it, cause he keeps on tongue fucking the boy's mouth like there's no tomorrow. The boy breaks the kiss and looks up at the much older man, panting and smiling big. He licks his lips and looks down at the tent in Wade's pants. \"Can I….can I touch it?\" Wade looks around quickly, making sure none of the other men were stirring. They all have their hats over their faces, sawing wood. He looks back down at the teen underneath him. \"Boy, I'm old enough to be your daddy.\" \"I know.\" Will laughs. \"Fine.\" Wade unfastens his belt, reaching into his trousers and pulls out his hard cock, for the boy. Will's eyes grow like saucers and his mouth falls open. \"It's bigger than I expected.\" He gulps. Wade can't help but chuckle at the naive kid. The teen reaches down and runs his fingers over the swollen head, feeling his own cock spring to life in his pants. He runs his fist up and down the long shaft. The warm, fleshy weight in his palm is oddly satisfying. He's never been more turned on, and he still wants more. Wade hisses and licks his lips - his eyes shutting as the boy pumps him vigorously. \"That's a good boy. Such a good, good boy.\" The praise eggs Will on. He stops for a moment and spits in his hand before wrapping it back around the huge appendage, sliding his saliva coated fingers up and down the older man's cock, feeling his own twitch in his pants. \"Mmmm.\" Wade coos. \"I'll tell you what kiddo. If you be a really good boy, and make me come, when I escape, I'll come back for you, take you to a nice hotel and fuck you till your coming all over the expensive sheets. Would you like that, William?\" \"Yes.\" Will pants out with heavy breath. \"Yes, I would. Very much.\" \"That's what I thought you'd say.\" Wade's eyes move down to the bulge in the young teen's pants. \"Would you like some help with that, William?\" \"Yes. Yes, please.\" Wade nods and unfastens Will's pants. He pulls out the young, virgin cock, giving it a once over. \"Wow. You have a really pretty cock, William.\" He runs a thumb over the tip, swiping off the pre-cum beading at the top. Will shudders at his touch. Wade's hands are large and warm, and feel even better than he imagined. The older man let's go for a moment to slick up his hand. He wraps it back around the boy's flawless cock, and swipes his fist up and down the shaft with a tight grip. Will's head falls back and his eyelashes flutter wildly. It feels so much different, than when he does it himself. So much better than he could have ever imagined. Wade works him so good. He knows exactly what he's doing, and it's pure bliss. Feeling his hand sliding up and down Wade's big cock, and hearing the noises the older man was making was too much. A tough guy like Wade, moaning and whimpering at his touch, combined with the warm slick feeling of Wade's fist riding his shaft….it makes his head spin. Moans and curse words begin spilling from the young boy's lips as the older man jerks him into oblivion. So much so that Wade has to cover the boy's mouth with his hand to keep from waking everyone, which turns the kid on even more. It turns Wade on too. Listening to that sweet boy's muffled moans, fuels something inside him, and seconds later, hot ropes of cum are spilling into Will's fingers. That is more than enough to make Will come as well. He feels warmth pooling in his stomach and spreading through his entire groin, cum spurting out into the older man's palm and a little on his shirt - Wade's hand still pressed firmly against his gaped mouth. Wade lets go of Will's mouth and runs the back of his hand down the boy's cheek. \"Good…boy. You did so good. I won't forget this.\" He places a soft kiss to Will's lips and gets up off the ground. \"Clean yourself up, and try and get some sleep, eh.\" Wade grins and goes back to reading his book, as if nothing ever happened. Will wipes his hands with the corner of his blanket, but he can't wipe that ridiculous grin off his face…. Chapter 2 Chapter Notes Short little chapter, leading up to the good stuff in the next chapter ;). Will and Ben are reunited and make plans to meet up in another town. See the end of the chapter for more notes Will wipes the sweat beading on his forehead, away with his forearm. It's hot as Hell on the Arizona ranch, despite it being nine o clock at night. Unfortunately for Will, he was on wood chopping duty. The heat has been so bad, some of the chores had to be done after the sun went down. Now that his Pa wasn't around anymore, he has to take over the manly duties. It's been two months since his father was gunned down and killed right in front of him. Two months since he'd seen the renegade Ben Wade get on that train to Yuma. Of course, Wade was right. They'd never get a chance to hang him. Will distinctly remembers being in town and watching two old ladies stare down at a newspaper, talking about Ben Wade's escape from Yuma prison. Wanted posters with a drawing of Wade went up, all over the place. In every building in town. A constant reminder of the man, he misses so much. Not as much as he misses his Pa though. His Ma, bless her heart, tries her best to be strong for her boys, and she's done a mighty fine job. Will admires her for that. He still thinks about Wade, and the intimate moment they shared, not to mention the promise Wade had made to him that night. During the first month after his father's death, he wasn't worried about it. He was busy grieving, although Wade did cross his mind every so often, and he was absolutely thrilled when he got word of Wade's escape. He keeps thinking every day, that today is the day Wade comes back for him. Now, two months later he still hasn't heard from the rugged outlaw. Then again, Wade would have to lay low for a while. He was wanted for multiple counts of murder and armed robbery. Will tries to be patient, but it's difficult. He's been so sad and lonely since his Pa died. A visit from Wade would make him feel whole again. He only has a few more logs to chop. He places another on the stump, and swings the axe down aggressively. Will's not a big guy. He has a small frame, so chopping wood wasn't exactly a simple task for him. Although he is getting better. Suddenly he catches something glowing out of the corner of his eye as it flies by the side of his face. He looks down in the dirt and realizes it's a cigarette butt. \"What the….\" He mumbles to himself. \"Hey kid.\" A low familiar voice, hits him like a ton of bricks. He turns around eyes wide as they can go, and sure enough, standing there in front of him is the elusive Ben Wade. \"You look surprised to see me.\" Wade grabs the front of his hat and moves the brim up slightly, to see the kid better. Soon Will's shocked face turns into one of happiness. He grins wide, his bright eyes practically sparkling up at Wade. The axe falls to the dirt and Will runs up to the older man and jumps up in his arms. Wade does a good job catching him, and before he can say a word, the boy's lips are on his, rough and passionate, almost animal like. Will moans when his tongue touches Wade's and he's not even worried about his mom or little brother coming out and seeing them. He just seizes the moment and being in his outlaws arms is the only thing that matters. When the kiss breaks, Wade laughs playfully. \"Did you miss me?\" Will smiles about as wide as his mouth will allow. \"Yes.\" He pants out. \"Yes, I did. I was so happy when I heard you made it out. I knew you'd come back. I knew you would.\" He plants another rough kiss on the older man's lips, breathing in deep, taking in his surroundings. \"Everyone's asleep. Take me into the barn and show me how much you missed me.\" Wade sets the boy back down on the ground and caresses the side of his face. \"I'm afraid not kid. See, I told you, I'd take you to a hotel and that's what I intend to do. My old ass is damn lucky to have a pretty little thing like you, and you deserve better than gettin fucked in the hay with your mom and little brother only feet away, in the next building.\" Will frowns. He's disappointed, but also understanding. He kind of loves the idea that a hard man like Ben Wade would go through the trouble to treat him right. \"Okay…when are we going? Are you taking me right now?\" Wade chuckles and shakes his head. The boy looks like a little lovesick puppy. \"Not till tomorrow, I'm afraid. We can't have your mom calling the sheriff, thinking you were kidnapped. They're already lookin for me. We don't need lawmen going from town to town lookin for you too. \"You'll tell her you got offered a job to go herd cattle for some rancher for a day. She'll believe you, cause you're such a good obedient boy.\" Wade holds Will's chin in his palm. The boy nods smiling. \"Alright. Can we at least go mess around in the barn, before you go?\" Wade laughs again, striking up another smoke. He exhales with a smile. \"No. And don't you go jerkin it in bed later, either. Save it for me. Let it build.\" Will smirks up at him. He knows he's right. It'll be all the more better with built up tension. \"Fine. I'll be a good boy and sleep with my hands at my sides, just for you.\" \"Damn straight, you will. Oh… I want you to know, Will….that just because you're a virgin doesn't mean I'm gonna take it easy on ya. I mean, I'll take care of you before hand. Get ya good and ready, but once I stick ya, it's not gonna be all romantic and sweet now, ya hear?\" He moves in closer to the boy. \"I'm gonna fuck the daylights outta you. If you can't handle that, you can stay at home with your momma.\" Will gulps. He feels a knot in his stomach, but he still wants it. \"I can handle it. I wanna go.\" Wade sneers. He can't help but think that Will's just as proud and stubborn as his daddy was. He doesn't say that though. He doesn't want to bring up Dan. Not right now anyhow. \"Alright then. You pack your things and practice what you're gonna say to your momma. Ride into the next town over, East of here during the day, to keep up appearances for your mom, and hang out in a saloon or something and I'll ride in when the sun goes down.\" He takes one more puff and throws his cigarette in the dirt. \"Yes sir.\" Will nods his head. \"Alright, you get on off to bed, and I'll see you tomorrow.\" Wade tips his hat and walks off into the night, whistling away. Will can't get back inside and into bed fast enough. The sooner he gets to sleep, the sooner tomorrow comes. Chapter End Notes Smut in the next chapter. I had to split it up so the chapters wouldn't be so long. Stay tuned :) ","Summary":" Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at works/6156715. Rating: Explicit Archive Warning: Cho"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"The Allocation of Roles","Author":"NeverMineToHold","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9988223","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"The Allocation of Roles\" Status: OneShot Fandom: 03:10 To Yuma Characters/Pairing: Ben Wade & Dan Evans, Charlie Prince, William Evans Disclaimer: No copyright infringement intended. Rating: T Genre: Alternative Universe – Canon Divergence, friendship, fix-it Warnings: none Summary: Theirs is a peculiar friendship... AN: Thank you to my beta, shadownashira! You're the best :) The Allocation of Roles Silence settled over Contention as the dust cleared away, revealing the glint of drawn revolvers and the bodies of Ben Wade's outfit. Charlie Prince twirled his Schofields, eyes searching the empty street, before he turned to face his boss. Ben was kneeling at the rancher's side, checking for a pulse, then exit wounds, and something dark curled in the pit of Charlie's stomach as his boss sighed with relief. Only a blind man wouldn't have seen that Ben had made no move to overpower Evans, had run and jumped and ducked along nicely, all on his own accord, tried to reach that damn train that would bring him closer to the noose. Like green-eyed women, sometimes Ben Wade happened upon a man who struck his fancy, who impressed him for reasons Charlie could never quite fathom, and he would try to manipulate him, checking for chinks in the armor, before growing bored or being disappointed, but always moving on. Going along with that was a choice Charlie made every single damn time, 'cause it meant staying alive. He had not a speck of doubt that Ben would have gunned him down together with the rest of the outfit, had Charlie been stupid enough to shoot. There had been no mistaking that murderous look when the rancher had toppled down. \"Looks like we'll be doing over,\" Ben commented, looking up at him as he tried to apply pressure to the shoulder wound, which wasn't easily done, what with his hands still in cuffs. \"Thank you, Charlie.\" That ugly feeling of jealousy simmered down to a burn, gnawing at his guts. Whether Dan Evans lived or died, he would never be the kind of man to ride alongside Ben Wade. \"Whatever you say goes, boss,\" Charlie stated and holstered his revolvers. \"Let's get the rancher to the doc.\" XXX Dan woke to the dull throbbing of a limb that was no longer attached to his body and the keen counterpoint of fresh wounds. He felt the pressure of bandages wrapped around his shoulder and calf. The weight of his immobilized arm, resting on his empty stomach, was nauseating. He kept his eyes closed and breathing even as the world seemed to spin away, leaving him with a sense of dread, the knowledge that something wasn't quite right. Dan remembered reaching the train, thanks to the cover the cows had provided, set loose and spurred on by the crack of William's rifle. Damn the boy for disobeying him, but all he felt was a father's pride. Wade had boarded the first car - \"Well, you did it, Dan.\" - and the sort of peace that went with one's acceptance of death had come over Dan, watching as Wade turned and stepped into the cage to be shut in. Then the impact of a bullet that tore through his flesh and splintered bone. After that, he had only vague recollections: of movement, the lurch and jolt of being carried, the grip of strong hands and the smell of blood as numbness spread through his body. He remembered William's voice, low and urgent, while a stranger shouted, the click of a cocked revolver. Then nothing but pain, being held down, until the frantic shapes around him and the dim room had faded into blessed darkness. Dan swallowed dryly as the world stopped spinning and tried to reorient himself. He felt starched linen on his skin, sewing cotton underneath his fingertips; the sheets had been a monogrammed parting gift from Alice's mother. A faint trace of her perfume lingered in the air, nearly drowned out by sickness, cows and timber, while Alice hummed and rummaged around in the kitchen. The tension seeped out of him as much as the pain would allow. No matter what had happened, William and Dan had seen it through, put Wade on that train and somehow made it home. That knowledge was enough for now. He was not going to question a miracle once given. Perhaps the Marshal and his men had found the courage to take action after all or - Dan Evans opened his eyes to find Ben Wade sitting at his marital bed in the relaxed slouch of someone right at home, his pencil moving over paper with the softest scratch. \"Welcome back to the land of the living,\" Ben Wade greeted him. XXX Ben set his sketchbook aside and reached for a waiting glass of water. Dan's dumbfounded silence amused him, but it was only a matter of time before the rancher would shake it off, just like he had the fever that had kept him under for more than a week. Plenty of time to rebuild the burned down barn with hired hands from Mexico, fill its storage with feed and repay the Evans' debt, but he figured that surprise wasn't one Dan was ready for quite yet. Dan didn't resist as Ben helped him into a sitting position, propped up against all the pillows Alice had hoarded for the occasion, touch mindful of his injuries. Ben, seeing his shaking, kept silent but his hand in place, to prevent Dan from spilling the liquid all over himself. Dan coughed slightly as Ben sat back down and resumed his drawings, not bothered by a look that wanted to be steady and piercing, but only managed woozy. \"You should be -\" \"Swinging in the breeze like a pendulum?\" Ben suggested. He ignored the grimace his blunt statement provoked and smirked. After a moment, the memories of their mutual confession came back and Dan's lips twitched. Now that he knew that Ben had escaped from Yuma prison twice over they could make it their own private joke. \"Funny how that goes,\" Ben mused, shading the hollows under Dan's eyes with even and short strokes. \"After you were shot and my outfit taken care of, Mr. Butterfield kindly agreed that saving your life took priority.\" He used his fingertip to carefully smudge the graphite. \"I'm sure William will be delighted to tell you all the juicy details.\" Dan scowled darkly, probably wondering at the implications of that statement, but Ben beat him to the punch, \"Don't worry, Dan. You get to put me on a train. Just not that one.\" Silence settled over the room, only broken by the sounds of his sketching, the clatter of a frying pan set on the stove and the cattle outside. Ben took in Dan's pensive posture, rooted in more than physical discomfort, most like, then focused back on the portrayal. \"Worried you'll miss out on your thousand bucks?\" he inquired casually. Dan shook his head, a careful motion, slowed down by the pull of injured muscles and stitched skin; sweat made his hair stick to his temples. \"No.\" Ben hummed thoughtfully. \"Then maybe about me stealing away your lovely wife?\" Dan met his gaze straight on. \"No.\" \"What about corrupting your sons?\" That earned him a smile and the tension between them evaporated, just like Ben had hoped for. Being alive now was not something Dan had planned for, but that didn't mean that anything had changed between them. He would be gone soon, after all, one way or the other. It was for the best. \"No.\" \"But I take it we're still not friends,\" Ben said, with the most forlorn expression he could muster. Dan slowly shifted his way down the mountain of pillows, out of the sunlight spilling in from the window, making a disorderly mess of them. He settled back underneath the covers with a soft sigh. His eyes closed, and Ben had to work quickly to catch this moment, where looming sleep smoothed out many a line on the rancher's worn face. \"Maybe there is hope for us yet,\" Dan muttered. Ben chuckled as he bent over to catch an embroidered cushion before it could slip off the bed. He tossed it onto the commode. \"Go back to sleep, Dan.\" XXX Ben Wade had been put on a train to Yuma prison on Wednesday no week later, with Charlie Prince nowhere to be found but surely close enough by to watch, holding on to Wade's horse, hat and the Hand of God. Dan had done his duty in silence, William and Mark at his side and Pinkerton's at his back, while Butterfield's empty reassurances were blown away with the wind, like the dust down Contention's main road, where the townsfolk stood and stared. Dan looked after the train until its steam faded into the clouds and its bulk vanished beyond the horizon, before limping back to his horse, never taking the crutches Mark offered him. Maybe he was stubborn. Just a little bit. XXX William folded Thursday's newspaper so that the headline was plain to see before putting it on the tabletop, careful to keep its edge away from the butter crock. He ignored Mark's curious glance and bit into his buttered toast with orange preserve, relishing in the bitter taste that helped keep his grin at bay. His father, of course, hid his behind a stern scowl. It felt conspiratorial and not half as wrong as it ought. [\" The language of friendship is not words but meanings. \" ~ Henry David Thoreau] The End R&R; ","Summary":" Title: \"The Allocation of Roles\" Status: OneShot Fandom: 03:10 To Yuma Characters/Pairing: Ben Wa"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Please Do Not Shoot The Pianist","Author":"DesertScribe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11382501","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: I'm reposting this story from my AO3 account. It was originally written for Brenda as part of a gift exchange and posted on 6-22-2014. Please Do Not Shoot The Pianist From Salt Lake City one travels over the great plains of Colorado and up the Rocky Mountains, on the top of which is Leadville, the richest city in the world. It has also got the reputation of being the roughest, and every man carries a revolver. I was told that if I went there they would be sure to shoot me or my traveling manager. I wrote and told them that nothing that they could do to my traveling manager would intimidate me. They are miners—men working in metals, so I lectured to them on the Ethics of Art. I read them passages from the autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini and they seemed much delighted. I was reproved by my hearers for not having brought him with me. I explained that he had been dead for some little time which elicited the enquiry \"Who shot him\"? They afterwards took me to a dancing saloon where I saw the only rational method of art criticism I have ever come across. Over the piano was printed a notice:— PLEASE DO NOT SHOOT THE PIANIST. HE IS DOING HIS BEST. - Oscar Wilde, Impressions of America Leadville, Colorado, April 1882 \"Hey, Charlie, it's almost time. You coming or not?\" The words were not spoken loudly, but they came from near enough to be easily heard over the boisterous noises of the saloon's other patrons. Charlie looked up at the sound of his name coming from Ben Wade's mouth, but lost what little enthusiasm he possessed when he saw who was hanging on the Boss's arm like she never meant to let him go. Velvet. \"I dunno, Boss,\" Charlie said. \"What's this thing supposed to be again?\" He drained the last of his most recent beer and glanced around, taking stock of his surroundings for the first time in a while. Aside from his now empty glass and the Boss, there wasn't much worth noticing. The saloon was starting to fill up now, mostly with men still filthy from the silver mines, and that stupid sign was still hanging by the piano. 'Please do not shoot the pianist. He is doing his best.' Charlie had to wonder what the owners had been thinking when they put that up. Didn't they know a sign like that would just make people want to shoot the pianist that much more? Charlie knew it sure made his trigger fingers itchy. Charlie longed to shoot the pianist, dreamed of letting him have it with both barrels, not because he found anything wrong with the man's playing, but because right now escaping a murder charge would be the perfect excuse to get out of this damn town. Only the knowledge that if Charlie left right now, he would be leaving alone, kept him from going through with it. Charlie Prince hated Leadville. He hated it, and that hatred was growing by the day. Had Ben Wade been aware of this fact, he probably would have chuckled, pointed out that Charlie hated a lot of things in this world, and then finished up by trotting out some ironically applicable Bible quote just to show that he could, because the Boss was the sort who took his amusement where he could find it. Unfortunately for Charlie, much of his problem stemmed from the Boss's lack of awareness of Charlie's dissatisfaction with their current location. No, forget that. Of course the Boss knew Charlie hated the place. He had probably known even before Charlie realized it himself, because Ben Wade made a point of knowing everything. Maybe he had even known Charlie would hate the place long before they ever rolled into town for a supposedly quick bit of reconnaissance to evaluate the vulnerability of the local stage routes. (The Boss claimed to have some ideas in that regard, but day after day Charlie found himself having to wire Nez and the rest of the gang, telling them not to bother coming yet because there still was not any action planned.) Charlie's real problem was that the Boss didn't care right now, because he was having too much fun throwing money at a curvy saloon singer and, apparently, attending the occasional lecture by itinerant speakers. \"It is supposed to be educational.\" The smirk on the Boss's face when he made that pronouncement implied that, for him at least, the evening's entertainment had already begun in ways that had nothing to do with Velvet, though Charlie was willing to bet there had already been some of that too. Sooner or later everyone ended being subjected to that look, the one that said there was a joke that the Boss was in on but you weren't and even if he explained it to you, you probably wouldn't be smart enough to understand. The fact that Charlie usually managed to avoid that look while on the job only to find it directed at him here and now was just one more reason to hate the place. \"Yeah, I got that much,\" Charlie said. \"What kind of educational?\" \"Well, Charlie Prince, why don't you come along and find out?\" Charlie looked back and forth between the Boss and Velvet. The Boss looked like he could take or leave Charlie's company, like he was maybe only bothering to ask because asking was something to do to pass the time. Velvet, on the other hand, she looked like she was hoping Charlie would say, 'no,' so that she could have the Boss all to herself tonight. That was enough to make Charlie's decision for him. \"Sure,\" he said with a grin as he fished in his pocket and threw some coins on the bar, \"I'll come along. Not like there's anything else to do in this town.\" He adjusted his hat, buttoned his coat, and followed the Boss and the singer out of the warmth of the saloon and into the slushy streets. Velvet looked less than pleased with this development, which only made Charlie grin wider. However, Charlie soon lost his smile again as he strode towards the Tabor Opera House. It was only a few blocks away, but even after having had weeks to acclimate to the altitude, walking such a short distance left him wanting to gasp for breath in the too thin mountain air. God, he hated this town so damn much. Most items on the long list of things Charlie hated could be easily dealt with. All it took was the fraction of a second necessary to sweep a gun out of its holster, cock the hammer, squeeze the trigger, and he could have the satisfaction of putting a bullet in the guts of any sneering bastard who thought calling him 'Princess' was the height of originality, but he couldn't wipe Leadville off the map with a pair of Schofields. Fire would usually be a good way to kill a city, he supposed, but even that wasn't really an option in this case, what with the way that the weather had been alternating between rain and snow for the whole time they had been there, soaking and freezing everything in turn, to the point that probably not even dousing it all in lamp oil beforehand would be enough to get the job done. Ordinarily, Charlie didn't mind the cold and the wet. He could work in those conditions just fine. Give him a goal to fix his sights on, and he would barely notice what kind of weather he was riding through as long as his horse could still run and his guns could still fire. Sitting around and trying to pass the time in a town in the cold and the wet, though? That was another matter entirely, especially this time of year. It was the middle of April for god's sake. As far as Charlie, a good old southern boy through and through, was concerned, that meant that they should be well into spring by now, with plenty of hints that summer was just around the corner, not still mired in winter with no end in sight. Charlie was briefly roused from his musings by their arrival at their destination. The Boss bought the tickets, and they found their seats. The speaker turned out to be some longhaired dandy of a Mick in satin knee breeches who said he was going to be discussing aestheticism and the ethics of art. Charlie bit back a curse, and he only even bothered with that bit of restraint because the Boss had elbowed him in the ribs as soon as he had opened his mouth and drawn breath to protest. This was what the Boss had wanted to see, had actually paid to attend? Seriously? God damn it! Charlie slouched lower in his chair and did his best to tune it all out. It was of little consolation to Charlie that Velvet looked just as indifferent to the topic as he was. The laughter and jeers and shouted questions and comments from the audience made it difficult, but Charlie eventually managed to drift off to sleep. All the alcohol he had consumed beforehand probably helped in that regard. If he snored at all, it was not loud enough for the Boss to bother putting an elbow in his ribs again to shut him up. Charlie awoke whatever amount of time later, as the rest of the audience was pushing their way out of the theater. He thought he overheard multiple groups of people discussing the question of who shot Benvenuto Cellini, whoever that was. Charlie didn't know and didn't care. He yawned and scratched his jaw, then he looked over at the Boss. One thing Charlie did know was that something had changed while he was asleep. The Boss looked angry, but it was the sort of anger that was already fading into something that looked suspiciously like that dead-eyed stare of his, the one that said life had lost its shine, the one he always got after jobs that were way too easy, the one that made Charlie certain that someday Ben Wade was going to leave him behind and find his thrills somewhere else. Charlie kept his mouth shut, because he wasn't sure what to say. Once outside, they went their separate ways. Charlie returned to the saloon, while the Boss and Velvet went off somewhere together, maybe to get dinner, maybe to her private rooms to knock boots some more. Wherever it was that they went, Charlie did not expect to see either of them again until the next morning or later, so he was more than a little surprised when the Boss dropped down onto the barstool next to him not a half hour later, still looking sour as hell. The Boss gestured to the barkeep, and a shot of whiskey arrived for him in short order along with one for Charlie. \"What,\" Charlie finally ventured, \"did the fancy Mick say to get you like that?\" \"It wasn't what he said. It was the audience. This whole town is full of idiots.\" \"I could have told you that,\" Charlie said. \"Every town is full of idiots.\" \"True, but tonight this one was dead set on rubbing my nose in its stupidity.\" The Boss tossed back his shot. \"Let's get out of here,\" he said. \"And go where? This place has the least watered drinks in town and Velvet isn't singing tonight.\" \"Not just out of this establishment, but out of this town and off this mountain. I'm done here.\" Seeing that Charlie hadn't touched his whiskey yet, the Boss reached over and drained that one too. He turned the shot glass upside-down on the bar and left far too much money sitting next to it. Then he stood and headed for the door. \"You coming or not?\" he called over his shoulder, and only then did Charlie notice that the Boss was carrying both of their saddlebags, already packed and ready to go. More importantly, it looked like the proposed change in venue was enough to put some of the life back into the Boss's eyes, at least for now. \"Sure,\" Charlie said, \"right behind you,\" and followed the Boss out into the night. Had anyone on the cold stretch of street between the saloon and the livery been paying attention, they would have heard Ben Wade say, \"We just need to make one little stop first.\" The following morning, the first news to be brought into town was a report of a stagecoach robbery which had taken place in the predawn hours just a half mile outside of town, the thieves making off with the payroll shipment intended for the Matchless Mine. Later investigation of footprints at the scene concluded that the robbery was the work of two men. Some suggested that Ben Wade was the culprit, but the theft was never added to his list of crimes because there was no hard evidence of his involvement and it differed from his usual modus operandi of working with a gang of at least a half dozen. At best, the only universally agreed upon conclusion was that neither of the men involved in the robbery was likely to have been Black Bart. And that was how Charlie Prince finally got out of Leadville without needing to shoot the pianist. The End ","Summary":" Note: I'm reposting this story from my AO3 account. It was originally written for Brenda as part of"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"In Full","Author":"NeverMineToHold","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10061401","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"In Full\" Status: OneShot Fandom: 03:10 To Yuma Characters/Pairing: Ben Wade, Charlie Prince, Grayson Butterfield Disclaimer: No copyright infringement intended. Rating: K Genre: Alternative Universe – Canon Divergence, post-canon, friendship Warnings: none Summary: Ben Wade would not stand for his stay in Yuma Prison going to waste. Thousand dollars had been promised, and the Evans family would get them... AN: Prompt fill for Round 14 of the smallfandomfest on LJ. In Full Ben Wade brought his horse to a halt in the sparse shadow of a wind-twisted cypress. The gently rolling hill overlooked the Evans ranch, but was far enough away to lent both riders the guise of indistinct features in the heat haze's flicker, should the boys or their mother spot them. The farmland lay fallow, the only thing growing tough weeds, and the riverbed was dry, the mud cracked under the unforgiving glare of the sun. The rain over Bisbee had come and gone, leaving insurmountable hardships for a family that had lost its bread-winner, father and husband. Down in the valley dust rose to the clear blue sky with each of Will's steps as he moved to tend to the cows, skinny animals pestered by flies, their cries mournful, corralled right beside the blackened ruin of the barn. Mark struggled to bring him a bucket, his shoulders quaking in a coughing fit that made the water spill over the rim. Ben frowned at the sight, though Butterfield not making good of his promise hardly came as a surprise. He had expected it, taken the agent's measure the moment they met, all bluster and bark, lacking bite and conviction. The kind to back down without a fight when the company he represented denied any accountability for his given word. Ben, however, wouldn't stand for his little holiday in Yuma Prison going to waste because of one man's cowardice. Dan Evans had been a decent man, a good father, a stubborn fool with a dark streak of madness disguised as honor that Ben had admired, the few times it had reared its head. It had been enough. Starting with amusement and fascination it had ended with a tenuous sort of friendship. The kind that was only possible between two men from their walks of life with death as an expected outcome down the road. His horse shifted its stance with a soft nicker, growing restless, and the knee brushing his roused Ben from his thoughts. Ever since their meeting up in the outskirts of Yuma county Charlie had taken to following him like a shadow... well, worse so than usual. Ben preferred to ignore the feelings he was keenly aware Charlie had for him, that inspired devotion to the point of obsession. It kept him ruthless and useful and until it became a problem, Ben was content to use them to his advantage. - Of course that hadn't stopped Charlie from radiating disapproval. \"Go ahead,\" Ben said softly. \"Speak your mind.\" \"Why?\" Not a man of many words, Charlie was hardly in the habit of questioning Ben's decisions, but while he was quite adapt at anticipating his boss' needs it didn't mean that he understood any better what went on in Ben's mind than anyone else in the outfit. Ben liked to keep it that way. He turned to look at him, took in the lines of tension around his vibrant green eyes and the restlessness that clung to him like the dust did to his chaps, and gave him the hint of a smile. \"He was a good man, Charlie.\" The silence between them seemed ripe with possibilities, the kind where guns were drawn, the quicker man winning. But, as always, that sense of foreboding simmered down to nothing, decision made with a silent nod; loyal as any dog rescued from the gutter, Charlie followed him, leaving the Evans' farm behind. XXX Soon after, Mr. Grayson Butterfield, agent for the Southern Pacific Railroad, living with his wife, two sons and a daughter in a nice and cozy house at the outskirts of Contention, was beginning to feel haunted. His conscience, its voice eerily close to Dan Evans, raised its ugly head, had slipped out of his memories and intruded on his waking world, currently occupied with paperwork rather than Pinkerton business. Best to stay out of sight, lest the newspaper vultures be reminded of his involvement with the Ben Wade disaster, or so had been the plan. But now, everywhere he turned he spotted bone-white leather, gone when he turned and craned his neck, or the shape of a black stetson the like he would never forget, and the glint of the Hand of God. In all honesty, he would have preferred to take his chances with ghosts. XXX Ben watched Butterfield walk down the street. His head ducked between his shoulders, hooded gaze firmly on his feet, the Pinkerton seemed oblivious to the curious gazes his haste attracted. A week of lost sleep would have done that to greater man than he. Charlie came up beside him, the Bible in hand that he had kindly agreed to liberate from a certain hotel, one finger wedged between the pages, smudging lines of graphite. He leaned closer, shadow stretched thin on the sidewalk, reeking of sweat and leather and churlish unhappiness. \"Here, boss.\" \"Thank you, Charlie.\" Ben took the offered book, giving his drawing of Dan Evans only a passing glance, before he tucked it away in the pocket of his waistcoat. A good memory that, of companionable silence, no matter how doomed. \"Anything wrong?\" \"I don't like this.\" Ben hid his grin behind the brim of his hat. No blood, no violence, no gain, of course he wouldn't. \"I don't want to make a fuss. We won't need to waste a single bullet, Charlie. He'll do all the work for us, and gladly. Nothing better to work with than a man with a conscience as bad as Butterfield's.\" Charlie said nothing. His patience worn thin, he nodded and left, missing a very one-sided conversation that followed as Ben stepped right into the agent's path an hour later. \"I see you're a man of many words, Mr. Butterfield,\" Ben said by way of greeting, shutting the Bible he had flipped through to stave off boredom. He looked up to see Butterfield swallowing nervously, stance drooping like a man who was resigned to his fate. \"Just not too good at keeping them.\" XXX Later that day, spine stiff and head raised high, a certain Pinkerton marched into the Southern Pacific branch like a man on a mission. When he came out, though no one passing him by would have known, he carried a grand with him, the deserved prize for a duty well done. The End R&R; ","Summary":" Title: \"In Full\" Status: OneShot Fandom: 03:10 To Yuma Characters/Pairing: Ben Wade, Charlie Prin"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Ben Wade","Author":"rejoice489","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7707982","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ben Wade Ten after three. The train approached in a cloud of dust and soot, hauling men to their death in Yuma, trailing sin as if it was no weight at all. The metal wheels glared bright and shrieking as the train, clunking like a gun, made one last stop at Contention, Arizona, blowing heat out of its core and into the world. The man with his hat askew nodded— acknowledging the world and its perverse sense of irony— to his companion. Dust rolled off his shoulders like a cloak, and sin spilled down his hands. His sharp blue eyes glared fiercely, his hands itching to fire The Hand of God, the gun— a legend with a curse. If only he could feel the heat and rush of another battle. Into his eyes, sweat and heat dribbled and festered. Perhaps in another world he would have let the child die like his father, turn to dust and ash. But maybe this atonement would compensate for sin such as his. Surely his wizened and blackened soul that glared from between his ribs where scars from gun and knife had passed over, like the gun in his holster, would weigh him down to depths of heat and anguish. Nothing could save him from the world or the noose that waited for him. Like dust he would be swept away. His boots, black as sin, forced him into the train, into the gazes that glared from the eyes of thieves and murderers. Sunlight glared between the cracks and chinks of the compartment. His gun was taken from him as the train began to move. Heat enveloped the man in an embrace. For an instant, the world was silent but for the beat drumming in his ears. Dust swirled in eddies around his feet, around the sin that spilled from his hands. The man rubbed the sin from his hands, wiped the blood that glared crimson onto his pants. Though he was without gun or knife, he felt confidant that the noose waiting in the heat, was not for him. Perhaps the irony of the world was not without its quirks. The man whistled, dust tickling his nose. A whiny bellowed in the heat. His world glared brighter as dust and horse rose in sight, and he shot forward like a gun, free of sin and train. ","Summary":" Ben Wade Ten after three. The train approached in a cloud of dust and soot, hauling men to their de"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Six Links","Author":"BookwormDragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6247345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Six Links By BookwormDragon Disclaimer : Neither the 3:10 to Yuma Universe nor any of the Characters in the 3:10 to Yuma Universe belong to me. No profit is made from this story on my part. No copyright infringement is intended. Six links of metal. More than enough to take a man's freedom – or his life. It would be easy to do. Dan trusted him now, at least a little. Familiarity bred carelessness. Simple enough for him to get up off the bed and move closer to the other man. Or maybe he could coax him to come over to the bed, instead. Enrage him, perhaps, as he had before. And then: the chain around his throat, cutting off his air. He could strangle him or simply snap his neck. He'd certainly done it before. Quick. Simple. No regrets. Except that, for the first time in a long time, he would have regrets. He didn't know quite how it had happened, but Dan Evans had gotten under his skin, had earned his respect. Dan was…interesting. Even now, he wasn't entirely sure what motivated the man. Greed? Need? Desperation? Survival? Pride? Stubbornness? Bullheaded stubbornness was one thing, but Dan wasn't stupid, unlike Byron or Butterfield. He knew exactly how hopeless his quest was and he chose to do it anyway. Somehow, it just didn't seem right play on the man's growing trust. He deserved better. Dan Evans was probably going to die today anyway. No need to deny him the sort of death he clearly wished for. The least that a murdering, thieving, no-good outlaw such as himself could do for a friend was to let him choose the manner and timing of his own death. Almost absently, Ben Wade worked at the chain shackling him, but made no move toward the man by the window. ","Summary":" Six Links By BookwormDragon Disclaimer : Neither the 3:10 to Yuma Universe nor any of the Character"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"History of Us","Author":"frooit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8666885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] history of us . . . . In a nest of rattle snakes he was a king cobra. By the time he was twelve he was killing and stealing. An orphan from the start was Charlie Prince. Kicking around, getting beat, biting back. He had a good bite too. Nice and strong, but abysmally young. His demeanor was of an itchy sort, always tense and ready, always wanting for some action, task, or play; hungry for chance, a risk, despair. He rarely rested, and for it he was as skinny as a broom handle. He did show patience however, and he did eat well. It was a sure thing. Saw to it every day. A new battle come every sunrise, every hour. Been so all his life. Things didn't change even after meeting Ben. No. They rightly stayed the same, then grew the more complicated. Right up to Charlie's very final day. . . . Ben was a boy of resolve and vision. He had some things figured out his elders were still working on. In his clarity of mind he picked up a few tactics and schemes. He could play a good hand of poker, jest with the best of them, and drink his weight gracefully. He had a word for everything and a sly sort of smile, a piercing sort of stare. He read people very well. You wouldn't want to cross Ben Wade in a bad way, but all the same he was a gentlemanly enough sort. He might have loved his momma, but he learned something about people the day she left. They're all out for themselves, aren't they? . . . Ben found him kicking a dog in an alley one morning. Charlie wasn't a good boy. From the get go. He left some anger when he hit (something like) fifteen, but he found a new sort, a sticky and dangerous sort. Started calling Ben boss early on, ever since Ben used it arbitrarily in a hold up. Started hanging on his every word, giving him lasting looks, being the go-to-guy, seeing to his every want. An evil sort of thing grew between them. Just a little blonde kid with no direction, control, or relief. He'd kicked that dog until it started squealing. Ben had to grab him back, pull him away. His eyes had been wild, wide and watery. He'd swung on him. Ben knocked him to his ass first. They were a pair after that. They shared many candid moments, true bonding experiences. They robbed banks, coaches, riders, camps, estates. Drank to the good times, held strong in the bad. Until that today, they'd never been at odds. . . . Been in many a towns like this one, in many a similar situations. Charlie wasn't scared. He never did get scared. He got ready. He got even. And he did. He shot the rancher down. Caught 'em just in time. Got trampled by some beef for it, but he got him. It was all well and good until Wade got his gun back. By that time, men were dropping like flies all around Charlie. He stood though. By his gritty, stubborn nature, or the placement of the shot, he stood. Had known it by the look he gave him. Wade came in good and close, grabbed him by his jacket, held him up. He liked the look just fine from his usual bystander's point of view. Always gave him good chills. Never thought he'd be on the receiving end. . . . Those watery, wild eyes again. Grief, surprise, every shade of hurt, every note of wonder. . . . Why? . . . Ben shot him again, up close and personal, with his own gun, and let him drop to the dusty ground. The boy become a man, now a corpse, an old-time friend. . . . . ","Summary":" history of us . . . . In a nest of rattle snakes he was a king cobra. By the time he was twelve he "},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Cattleman's Gun: Version 2","Author":"Reader128","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11050414","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own 3:10 to Yuma or Dean Brody's \"Cattleman's Gun\". It would be nice if I did, but nope… I don't. By the way, if you haven't heard this song, you should go on youtube and listen to it. It is totally a modern day western. It had been two years since Dan Evans put Ben Wade on the train to Yuma Prison, and not much had changed in Bisbee. Marshal Weathers had left the town and had been replaced by one of Glen Hollander's men as sheriff, Evans's ranch had been bought from Hollander with the money that Dan had earned, and the railroad had built tracks to the town that went on the property line dividing the Evans and Hollander properties, but nothing else had changed. Hollander still ruled the town with an iron fist and still owned (almost) all of the land in the area. And then one day, everything changed…. Bisbee had been without a permanent preacher for nearly ten years. There had been traveling preachers that came through, but they never stayed long. None of them liked being under Hollander's thumb. One day, after a couple weeks without rain, a preacher rode into town. His clothes and horse were coated in a fine layer of dust from the storm, but as he looked around the town, most people only noticed his eyes. He had bright blue eyes that showed such kindness that the people all hoped he'd stay for awhile despite knowing nothing about him. They showed him where he could get a room, and then someone was sent to dust the house next to the church (it had belonged to the last preacher and kept in good shape after he died without any heirs so that the next preacher could live there). Soon, he was leading church services, bringing everyone he could back to God's house after being away for so long. Of course, he and Hollander didn't get along, but as long as the preacher stayed out of his business, Hollander was content to let the other man life in peace… unlike the last permanent preacher who kept trying to turn Hollander's men against him. Everyone in town knew what Hollander was like, but every now and then, he'd have to remind them. He'd say, \"Ain't nobody faster than this cattleman's gun. I'm a rattlesnake on the trigger. Your last stand'll be lyin' in the sand fallin' to the slam of my hammer.\" Days turned into weeks, and weeks turned into months. The preacher gathered more and more people into his flock while Hollander continued his reign of fear. The preacher tried to help his flock against the cattleman, but he also wanted to keep them safe. He talked them out of going after the cattleman many times because he knew what would happen to them if they tried. He said, \"I know you want justice, and you want blood, but believe me when I say to you, don't try to be that man's judge.\" Some of the people were more persistent than others in their arguments, but the preacher knew men like Hollander. He knew that the town's folk didn't stand a chance against him. They were farmers, ranchers, bankers, and salespeople. They had never had to worry about fighting for their lives and the lives of their kin. None of them were gunslingers, so the preacher used every argument he could think of to stop them from going out to that ranch. Of course, this uneasy peace could not last forever. About eight months after the preacher came to Bisbee, a young family moved into town. The young man bought a small farm from the railroad and moved his wife and twin boys onto it. What he didn't know, however, is that the land had been bought from Hollander by the railroad when they were planning their route through to Bisbee from Contention. Hollander wanted it back. So, he waited until the time was right before acting…. Hollander waited until he saw the farmer and his sons leaving. He knew the house was almost empty. He led his men to the farm where he killed the young mother, and his men set fire to everything they could before they headed towards Bisbee. The first thing Hollander noticed when he got to town was everyone looking towards the farm, and he smirked when he heard the farmer yelling his name. The twins watched in horror as their dad called out the cattleman and then fell to the ground dead. Emmy ran to the church where the preacher was cleaning, and told him what was happening. He ran into the backroom where he kept some of his things, and made it back to the front doors just as Hollander yelled at the town, asking if anyone else wanted to try his or her hand at killing him. The preacher stood on the front steps and threw his cloak back behind his arms, revealing a revolver that was at least somewhat familiar to everyone in the town, though none but Emmy could remember where they had seen it before. She ran back to the saloon and stood by Dan Evans (who had just got to town with his boys and needed an explanation) as the preacher yelled to Hollander. He said, \"Your ticket to Hell is a'comin' to you, and I got a hollow-point to give you the ride.\" The people of Bisbee watched in disbelief as Hollander fell dead in the middle of the street, followed by the four men who come to town with him and the sheriff who had drawn his pistol as Hollander fell. The town was completely silent. Dan sent his boys to gather up the twins and walked over to the preacher. \"I thought you had put this behind you,\" Dan stated. \"Men don't change that much,\" the preacher answered. \"We need to gather up the rest of his men, or they're going to come here and keep doing what their boss did. We can take them to the Marshals in Contention,\" Dan told him as his boys led the twins over to them. \"Now, Dan, you know I can't be seen there, especially not after everything that happened,\" the preacher grinned widely. \"Everyone in Contention knows what I look like, especially the Marshals.\" \"We can send a telegraph asking for them to send help. At least this time we don't have to worry about being picked off one by one. William, I need you go take Mark, Josh, and John back to the ranch and then come to the saloon. We're going to need all the help we can get.\" \"Take Emmy with you. I don't want her alone here in town. You know how most of the folk here treat her,\" the preacher stated. \"Yes, sir,\" William told him, herding the younger boys to where Emmy was standing and then leading all of them to the wagon and leaving town. \"You ready to do this again, Dan?\" \"Let's go, Ben.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own 3:10 to Yuma or Dean Brody's \"Cattleman's Gun\". It would be nice if I did"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"The 'Littlest' Problem","Author":"Eater of Mondays","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9802144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is just a little test. If you (whoever still stalks this fandom) like it, I'll keep going. Otherwise, this little prologue was all for not. Thanks to Chrystal, who brought this idea to the party, and allowed me to write it down. Anyone can review, and I strongly request that you do. Heat rose in waves on the horizon, and dust was kicked up in small gusts. Ben Wade paid no heed to the climate of New Mexico, having grown well accustomed to it over long years of travelling between the territories of New Mexico, Arizona, and across the border to Old Mexico. His hand drifted in precise strokes, effectively capturing the likeness of an old man who sat on the next bench. The outlaw cut his eyes over to the man, whose jaw hung slack, catching flies, while his body shook with heavy snores. Ben snorted at the man and looked far down the railroad. The train still hadn't come around the bend. Huffing a bit, he stood, and walked around the side of the weathered depot. A wheezing little clerk sat inside, surrounded by a pile of papers. Ben ignored him. After pacing the depot a few times, he sighed, still unable to hear the train. Ben sat back on the bench, and looked down the walk as he heard tiny footsteps on the wooden porch. A tiny darkheaded girl with large, clear eyes looked up at him expectantly, clutching a small, yellowed paper to her chest. Her dress was torn and filthy, its color faded drastically and barely reaching past her knees. Her black hair was matted and tangled, almost as pitiful as her dress. The only thing particularly remarkable about the child was her emerald eyes, flecked with golden-brown. She looked up at him with those eyes wide but unafraid and asked for his attention in a small voice. \"Mister?\" Ben raised an eyebrow at the child. She pulled the paper away from her chest and examined it a moment, looking up at him occasionally, and for a brief moment Ben thought it might have been a wanted poster. He took a half step back from the girl, looking for her parents. She certainly hadn't been here earlier. Ben saw nothing but a burro that had near been run into the ground. \"Is t'is you?\" the girl asked, and turned the paper around. Ben's breath hitched and he fought the barest of blushes from appearing on his cheeks. Then he growled low. The picture had been drawn about five years ago by a sporting woman in west Texas, an artist like himself. He had demanded the whore burn the picture- it made him look too... soft. Ben stared at a younger version of himself, lying stomach down, buck-ass nude, and asleep, face turned to the side. \"Where'd you get that, kid?\" he demanded, glaring down at the kid. The girl took his answer for a 'yes', and squealed, wrapping her sunburnt little arms tight around his legs. Her next five words made hell freeze over, made his heart stop, and his blood to still in his veins. \"Daddy! I finally found you!\" ","Summary":" A/N: This is just a little test. If you (whoever still stalks this fandom) like it, I'll keep going"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Them Eyes","Author":"Stained Blue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9576088","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Them Eyes Pairing: Ben Wade/Dan Evans Note: Really not mine (still) and the story is told from Ben's POV. He sat still in the saddle, watching his gang finish off the Pinkertons and pluck the spoils of war from the carriage. He was beyond the point of feeling any pride at picking off a wagon; now he just felt the easy satisfaction that he knew the money would bring. After all, he'd been robbing coaches for a while now, and there was only so long that the sense of glee could remain new. His gaze dropped down to where Tommy was lying, dead as sin. Well, that's what he got for opening his mouth. He rested his palm against the Hand of God. The gun was cursed, he was sure of it. He tilted his head up, looking up at the bright sun bearing down on the coach's splintered remains, the dead sprawled in the dust, and the thin cattle. Behind him, a horse snorted and he turned his horse, yanking roughly on the reins and urging his mount up the ridge. His horse crested the top of the ridge, and he was a little surprised. The rancher was scrawny looking, dirty and dusty, and somehow protective as he stood between him and the two boys. But the thing that stopped him? That stayed his hand from pulling the Hand of God and striking the trio down? Those eyes. The rancher's eyes were deep green, glinting hard in the sun. He felt the smile gently touch his lips. \"Morning.\" He heard Charlie ride up behind him. That defiance in those green eyes made his heart quicken. He always had been a sucker for green eyes. \"Those are my cattle. I want them back.\" The voice was rough, but it didn't shake. He's seen enough men afraid of him to know that the rancher was just wary. There wasn't fear in the man before him. Just behind him, he heard Charlie cut in, his voice sharp and brittle. A warning on the edge of madness. \"Careful, rancher. That's Ben Wade you're talking to.\" The older boy looked awestruck, and he nearly smiled at the boy. The rancher pulled between them further, as if he could keep the boy from seeing him. He made easy eye-contact with the man before him, struck by something in that stance. The unwillingness to back down. \"I need them back. They're all I've got.\" Again about the ragamuffin herd of cattle. He gave the rancher just the hint of a smile, hoping to calm him. \"I don't want your herd. But I'm going to need those horses.\" He heard Charlie move forward just a bit, give yet another warning. \"So you don't do anything foolish.\" The rancher made eye-contact with him, those green eyes boring into his as the man and his two boys dismounted, as Charlie took the reins from the trio before him. He nodded just barely to the rancher. \"You'll find them on the trail to Bisbee.\" He yanked his horse about, riding down to the ridge to join the rest of the men with Charlie in tow behind him. The rest of the gang fell in line behind him, blindly following wherever he would lead. All the way to Bisbee he kept thinking about those green eyes. The rancher had struck a fancy in him. He found himself intrigued by that color of the rancher's eyes, and he couldn't help but want to draw the man. He watched as Charlie went ahead, making sure the law would be out of town for the gang to come in. Inside the saloon, there was silence as he prowled between the empty tables toward the bar. The bar maid looked at him, if a bit warily, and he wondered if she recognized him. He stood at the bar, spread his fingers on the shiny top, and ordered whiskies for all his men. He gulped the whiskey, listened to Charlie's toast. He gave the slight man a glance; sometimes Charlie's obsession was too much. But they all looked at him, waiting for words. His words. \"Two died fighting. One was weak. We're only as strong as our weakest. Tommy was weak.\" He downed his second shot, staring at the bar maid. He could still feel the nagging pull of the rancher, feel it in his bones. Damn those green eyes. Charlie leant in next to him, trying to capitalize on his time, saying words he was only half interested in hearing. \"Okay, Charlie,\" he finally said, giving the young man a look. With a huff, Charlie left him alone, leaving the saloon. And suddenly him and the bar maid were alone. She tried so hard to not draw his interest, but the lingering interest from the rancher had to be eliminated. And she was the only one around. He spoke softly to her, as though she was a spooked mare, as he circled around the bar to press softly against her. A few pretty words, a soft kiss, and she was leading him upstairs. And all he could think was how easy it was sometimes. They pressed into a small room in the top floor of the saloon, the door opening under their combined weight. The space smelled like dust and old sweat, so he buried his face in her neck. The soft, warm scent of her skin blocked thoughts from his mind. He lifted his head and pressed his lips against hers, trying to muffle the want for those green eyes. He could feel her fingers pulling at his clothes as he loosened the gun belt around his waist. He hung it over the bed's footboard as he steered her toward the made surface of the bed, his fingers tugging at the laces of her dress. They fell back against the bed, the springs groaning softly under their weight. He could feel her fingers trailing along his back as he roamed his mouth along her neck and chest. He could hear the soft moan caught in her chest. His hands trailed slowly up her bare thighs, pulling them up to his hips. He was hard, achingly hard, and buried himself in her in one thrust. She moaned, her fingers curling in the sheets. He smirked down at her, moving slowly, leisurely. He needed to get it all out of his system, and that rancher's green eyes had him all riled up. The springs creaked with every movement, seemingly harmonizing with her moans, and he tilted his head back. It was almost easy to lose himself in the daydream of that rancher stretched out in front of him instead of this soft, plump body. It didn't take him long before pleasure was arcing through his veins, crumpling him down on the girl with harsh pants. She giggled up at him, and he placed a soft kiss on those lips. Time passed slowly, languidly in the warm room, smelling of sweat and sex. He got dressed and then began sketching. The charcoal moved over the paper, capturing the slow curves of the woman sprawled on the bed. Downstairs, he heard the doors bang open, screaming. He shared a looked with the bar maid, before they both left the room. In the saloon, the rancher paced. \"You look a little bent, rancher. You come to wake some snakes?\" The bar maid pressed past him, \"Dan, would you like a drink?\" The answer was short, the rancher eyeing him warily, \"No, thanks.\" He settled in at the bar, the rancher, Dan, nearby. \"You got your horses back, didn't you? And your cattle?\" Dan frowned at him, but nodded. \"Yeah, I got my horses back. But you killed two of my herd.\" He tossed back his shot of whiskey, feeling it burn its way down his throat, \"Well, they died for a good cause. You know...them beeves of yours, they wouldn't even have fed a hungry dog. I tell you what.\" He dropped some money on the counter near Dan, watched as the rancher's fingers curled over the money. \"That should cover it. How much you get for a day's work?\" Those green eyes were narrowed now. He smiled softly. Finally, Dan answered. \"Two dollars, when I hire out.\" He laid a couple more dollars on the shined top. \"Well, there's two dollars for a half a day.\" Dan cocked his head to the side, \"You took up my boys' time, too.\" The man was too engaging by far, and he felt the smile curl his lips. He slid the money over, excited to see how far the rancher would take it. \"You're right, I did. Anything else you wanna get paid for, Dan?\" \"You can give me five dollars extra.\" He downed another shot and gave the rancher a sidelong look. Amusement had settled fully in those green eyes, and behind that there was a hard edge. \"And what's that for?\" The rancher tilted his head back, stared down at him. \"For making me nervous.\" He smiled again, and opened his mouth to say something, amused by the exchange between them. But then Dan's eyes glanced away from his, and he felt betrayal coil in his stomach. He didn't have to turn around to know there was a pistol pointed at his back. \"Hands up, Ben Wade.\" That was how it all began. The slow trek across the Arizona desert with those green eyes and an engaging rancher. Everything else was, somehow, of no consequence. When they made camp, Dan was the first man to watch him. The fire crackled between them, lighting up those green eyes and the sharp lines of the rancher's face. \"What are you doing out here, Dan? You got a family to protect. You're not a lawman. You don't work for the railroad like Mr. Shiny Shoes over there. You're not a Pinkerton.\" Dan looked up, \"Maybe I don't like the idea of men like you on the loose.\" He smiled, \"It's man's nature to take what he wants, Dan. That's how we're born.\" Those shoulders rolled in a shrug, \"Well, I make an honest living.\" He gave a snort of a laugh, \"It might be honest, but I don't think it's much of a living. You must be hurting bad for money to take this job.\" He just wanted to see the anger, the flint in those eyes he had seen back at the farmhouse. The rancher didn't rise to the bait. \"Go to sleep.\" \"I imagine debt puts a lot of pressure on a marriage.\" Dan looked up, laughed just a little, but those eyes had turned a little hard. \"You imagine? What would you know about marriage? We can't all be cutthroats and thieves.\" He rolled onto his back, stared up at the stars so he wouldn't have to see the mocking look Dan was giving him. \"I know if I was lucky enough to have a wife like Alice, I'd treat her a whole lot better than you do, Dan. I'd feed her better, buy her pretty dresses, wouldn't make her work so hard. Yeah, I'll bet Alice was a real pretty girl before she married you.\" He heard the shuffle of rocks and dirt as Dan came across toward him, \"Shut up about my wife. You shut up about her. You say one more word, and I'll cut you down right here. Right here.\" Tucker stopped Dan from reaching him, but the fire, the passion in those green eyes made his heart skip a beat. He smiled easily at the rancher. \"I like this side of you, Dan.\" And then Tucker was taking over the watch, and the night rapidly spiraled downward into a hellish evening filled with song and blood. That morning, when they set out, he could feel Dan's eyes on him the entire time. That green gaze bore its way into his soul, until finally, he had the courage to meet it head on. \"Something on your mind, Dan?\" Those green eyes were troubled, the mouth set in a tight line. \"Why'd you kill Tucker? Why not me? Or Butterfield?\" He couldn't tell Dan he saved him because he liked him, or the game would be lost. The reason he came up with, that slipped out of his mouth, was lame even to his ears. \"Well, Tucker took my horse. Did you like him, Dan?\" His rancher's lips thinned a bit more, \"No.\" He looked over at the man, \"He told me he burnt down your barn.\" He noticed the way Dan tensed, that flint filling the rancher's eyes again. \"He was an asshole...but wishing him dead and killing him are two different things.\" He frowned, and could only think that the rancher must think him a terrible person. It was a disconcerting thought. \"Your conscience is sensitive, Dan. I don't think it's my favorite part of you.\" The rest of the ride to Yuma was filled with blood, as their little posse was cut down to just four. Butterfield did manage to put them up in a nice hotel, in the honeymoon suite, and then proceeded to leave him all alone with Dan. Out the window, in the distance, thunder rolled. \"What are you gonna do with your $200 now, Dan? Now that the rains are coming?\" He looked up at the ceiling, that many young brides had stared at he was sure. \"I owe people money, Wade. That drought left me in the hole.\" He looked over at the rancher, who was sprawled in a chair, a foot up on the windowsill. For a moment, he entertained the thought of Dan getting up and slowly walking over to him, crawling onto the bed with him, kissing him…he felt desire twinge in his gut. He returned his gaze to the ceiling. \"Well, what do you think about double that amount? You could pay your debts, buy a hundred more cows, build a new barn.\" Dan gave him a look, \"How you reckon I'm gonna do that?\" He turned his head again to look at his rancher, \"Just lay down your gun and let me walk out the door. It's worth $400 to me.\" Those green eyes hardened again, narrowing in irritation. \"Is that what you reckon my price is?\" He smiled softly, trying to put the rancher at ease. \"No. No, I reckon it's a thousand.\" A disbelieving look flashed across that face. \"A thousand dollars.\" He really didn't want Dan to hobble to his death, to leave Alice a widow and the boys fatherless. He really didn't want to see the life and vitality drain out of those eyes. He smiled, trying to sell it to Dan. \"Now, there's 10 times that amount in Butterfield's coach.\" The rancher leant back, regarding him shrewdly. \"Oh, yeah?\" He smiled, thinking that Dan was going to bite. \"You want my cut, Dan? It's all yours.\" Instead, Dan gave him a look. \"Isn't that kind of reckless of you, Wade? Seeing as, uh... you're so sure that, uh, your crew's coming to get you?\" In his mind, he saw Charlie Prince. The boy was obsessed with him, madly in love with him, crazy. He knew what Charlie would do to his rancher. \"Oh, they're coming, Dan. Sure as God's vengeance, they're coming. But I just like to do things easy. Imagine what you could do with a thousand dollars, Dan. You could hire a couple of ranch hands. Your boys could go to school, grow up smart.\" He could see Dan buying into the fantasy he wove, \"What about Alice?\" He felt a little stab of jealousy. Even now, the man thought about a woman who couldn't be bothered to give much more than a passing thought about him. But he forced the smile, \"She would be the proud wife of a bona fide Arizona rancher. All you got to do is say yes.\" Dan gave him a smirk, \"Well... would you give me a bank note, Wade? Or maybe you'd be kind enough to make a deposit for me.\" He sat up, \"Cash,\" trying desperately hard to make the sale, to save his rancher's life. That smirk turned Dan's eyes cold, \"Well, you... you tell me, Wade. How would I account for...for that amount of money? And what would I tell people when I spend it? That, uh...that you got the jump on me, you escaped, and somehow I got a fortune? No. How dumb do you think people are?\" And Dan chuckled, shaking his head. \"Nobody needs to know,\" scrounging for Dan to say yes like a married woman wanting to do the dirty deed with the hired help. Dan glanced over at him before pulling his hat down a bit, \"You know what? Would you do me a favor? Don't talk to me for a while.\" \"You mean we're still not friends?\" He put mock indignation into his voice, and it masked the hurt he felt. He just wanted the rancher safe. \"No. No, we're not,\" Dan said softly, those green eyes staring out the window. He sighed, \"Come five minutes to three, we're gonna be a hell of a lot closer than you think.\" Rolling to his feet, he managed to find some paper, a pencil, and slowly began capturing the rancher, his rancher. When the time came, when no one was looking, he tore the drawing of Dan out of the Bible, folding it gently, with care, and slid it into the breast pocket of his shirt. He followed Dan on the mad dash through town, because he wanted Alice to be proud of her husband, wanted the boys to have a hero father. But the guilt churned in his gut, because it felt like he was leading a lamb to slaughter. And finally, when he climbed up on that train, and looked down into those green eyes, he saw the pride. He could tell that Dan was proud, felt like a real man for the first time in only God knew how long, and the smile reached the frosty green eyes. He smiled down into that sharp featured face, sharing the pride with his rancher. But the gunshot reports reached him just a little too late, dimming the light in his rancher's pretty green eyes. He watched as Dan crumpled, riddled with bullets, but still not dead. He stared into those dimming, pain-filled eyes, and felt his heart break. He swallowed around the knot in his throat as he accepted his weapons. His fingers curling around the Hand of God. He blinked slowly and stared at Charlie's back. In the split second it took his right-hand man to turn, he was killing them all. He came back for a second shot at Charlie. He stared into those blue eyes, and felt his lips tighten. He squeezed the trigger and let the man drop. Casting a glance toward Dan's son, who was mourning his father in a way that he could never mourn his rancher, he caught one last look at those green eyes. They were clouding over, and he swallowed. And slowly, he got on that train. ","Summary":" Title: Them Eyes Pairing: Ben Wade/Dan Evans Note: Really not mine (still) and the story is told fr"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Rewrite","Author":"Helena de Summer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12405674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 50. She stepped into the portal armed with knowledge and fire, shaped by desperate men to reshape the world. She was their Hail Mary. 49. He hated her. That fucking filthy, disgusting Mudblood. Raised by Muggles, a life spent wallowing in dirt and disease. They all needed to be wiped out like the vermin they were. People talked about compassion but no one has compassion for the flea when the Black Death breathes down their necks. She was that flea. She carried pestilence in her very being, in her blood. She and all her ilk needed to die before she – before they - could spread their rot. She needed to be burned away, like rotting flesh. That her magic was so powerful she'd traveled here from the future just made her that much more of an abomination. He hated her 48. He shoved her bag out of his way with a contemptuous kick. \"Don't touch my things.\" Her voice was low and furious and he looked at her filthy, Mudblood face in surprise. People didn't cross him. They simply didn't. Teachers – fools that they were – saw the polite, brilliant boy. He was their prodigy, considered all the more remarkable because he was an orphan. Students, however, knew to stay out of his way. People who crossed him got hurt. People who made him angry got very hurt indeed. None of them ever spoke of it to anyone, of course. He burned terror into their brains even as he made their nerves scream and not a single one of his victims ever spoke about what he did to them. The other students knew anyway. This stupid Mudblood, however, didn't seem to know any better. He smiled at her, almost excited to be able to correct her misunderstanding about her place in his world. It had been a long time since anyone had dared to even look at him the wrong way. The girl sharing a desk with his newest victim edged away and shrank down into herself as if, by making herself as small as possible, she might escape his notice. \"Don't even think about it,\" the Mudblood said. \"Touch me and you'll wish you hadn't. Touch my things again and you'll wish you hadn't.\" \"I'm not sure we've been properly introduced,\" he said, holding out his hand. \"I'm Tom Riddle.\" \"I know who you are,\" she said with contempt evident in her tone, not taking his hand. \"Voldemort. Would-be Dark Lord.\" He reached out toward her mind and found a wall of solid loathing. \"Dumbledore was clearly touched when he came up with this little project,\" she said and Tom wondered whether the emotion that walled her mind off was for him or the Transfiguration professor. \"You're already a monster. There's nothing to save.\" He dropped the hand she'd refused to touch and narrowed his eyes. \"Salvation?\" he asked. \"Did someone add a Theology elective to the curriculum and not tell me?\" His tone was mocking. \"I'd love to learn all about salvation.\" She snorted. Tom looked at the cowering girl next to her then back at the bushy-haired problem. She'd already dismissed him and was skimming her notes, highlighting a question she had about the subject with her quill. She'd dismissedhim. No one, and he meant no one, was allowed to do that. He ended conversations when he was done and not before. \"I'm sorry I kicked your bag,\" he said, trying to force her attention back to him. She didn't even look up. \"Your lying skills need work,\" she said. \"Go away, Tom Riddle. 47. He watched her in the library. She'd pulled advanced books off the shelf and was reading with obvious pleasure. She made little noises when she came to a passage that interested her and made quick, neat notes in some bound parchment in front of her on the table. When she left he picked her books off the cart where she'd left them. Advanced Occlumentic Techniques. Safe Methods for Incorporating Elemental Forces Sacrificial Rites and Carnality He set the books back down and gazed thoughtfully at the door she'd exited through. 46. \"Tell me about salvation,\" Tom said. The Mudblood looked up at him. \"There are dictionaries in the library,\" she said. He settled next to her. She'd spread a small blanket out over the lawn and had books laid out around her. She was, he'd noticed, never without books, and what books they were. He picked up one now. History of Blood Magic. She sat in class and never volunteered an answer, never called attention to herself. Her marks were determinedly average. He never say her laughing with girlfriends or flirting with boys. She was a dowdy, dumpy, average bit of filth with no friends and no accomplishments and she read the most advanced books he'd ever seen a student read. The darkest books, if truth be told. Not that he was ever that interested in truth. \"Do you even understand this?\" he asked, flipping through the pages. \"It's basic but it's good background information,\" she said, her voice flat. She reached to him and went to pluck the book out of his fingers but the moment her hand was in reach he dropped the book and grabbed her wrist. Physical contact made legilimancy easier. It didn't matter. He still couldn't broach her mind. \"If you do not let go of me right now – \" she began and he laughed. \"You'll do what?\" he said, squeezing his hand more tightly around her thin wrist. \"Scream? Do you think anyone will come to your rescue? You're sitting with me. They'll all turn away and hope I don't decide to sit with them next.\" She laughed back at him. Actually laughed and he fumed at her lack of fear until he realized his hand was starting to burn. Holding her was like pressing his hand against an iron and he gasped and let her go, and, looking down at his palm, looked for the blisters he was sure must be there. \"I told you not to touch me,\" was all she said 45. He watched her. He watched her all bloody day. He wanted to know how she'd done that. How she'd made him burn. How she was making him burn. She ate silently, a book propped up in front of her. She wrote essays that, based on the one he'd casually stolen from Slughorn's desk, managed to say very little in as many words as possible. She had a thing for nested subordinate clauses that, he realized with disgust, amused him. She was toying with professors by using the most convoluted grammatical structures to say nothing. He appreciated the art of playing with people. \"Salvation,\" he said to her in the hall. \"I understand it's like water flowing over the souls of the damned or some such.\" \"Hand hurt?\" she asked. He narrowed his eyes. \"I hope so,\" she added. \"Bitch,\" he murmured, angry and amused and interested against his will. \"Salvation,\" she said, her tone mocking. \"Since you asked. Deliverance from ruin. A man once thought I could deliver you from your own ruin.\" She hoisted her bag up onto her shoulder. \"Dumbledore,\" he said. \"He's a fool,\" she said and, for once, Tom Riddle agreed with her. \"What do you mean, my ruin?\" he asked but she'd already walked away from him. She was always doing that. Always walking away. He was always burning, watching her. 44. He had Abraxas Malfoy get a book on the Dark Arts from his family library. Incantations on Immortality. He gave it to her in the hallway. \"Given what you read I thought you might like this,\" he said. She read the title and laughed until he thought she might be sick 43. \"Stop staring at me.\" Tom Riddle looked up at the Mudblood – he'd started to think of her as his Mudblood – and schooled his features into a politely inquiring expression. \"I beg your pardon?\" he asked. She'd come over to the Slytherin table at the end of lunch, her horrible hair pulled back into a tight braid that was possibly the least flattering way he'd seen her wear it yet. She had her bag pulled up onto one shoulder and was wearing the kind of practical, comfortable, unattractive shoes all the other girls gave up as soon as puberty hit. \"You stare at me,\" she said. \"All the time. In class. In the halls. At meals. Stop.\" His friends – his lackeys – were staring at her now with a kind of fascinated horror. \"I don't mean to be rude, Hermione,\" he said, \"it is Hermione, right? But how do you plan to stop me? I'll look at you if I like.\" He expected her to stomp off in a huff but instead she tilted her head to the side, as if really considering him for the first time. \"You're a menace,\" she said at last, \"but you're more interesting than I expected. Walk me to the lake.\" Thoros Nott almost choked on the lunch he was still eating. T om, however, just stood and offered the Mudblood his arm while ignoring Malfoy's disgusted grimace. She hesitated long enough for him to smirk at her, enjoying how she didn't want to touch him. She might not be afraid, not the way the rest of the idiot students were, but she was wary. Wary wasn't perfect but he'd take it. She saw his smirk and immediately placed her hand on his arm. Her weakness, then, he thought. She hated to be considered cowardly. That was how to manipulate her. This one he couldn't intimidate but, oh, he could still make her dance to his tune. As he led her out of the hall with manners he'd had to learn from books he overheard Abraxas say, \"Do you think he's going to kill her? 42. He didn't kill her. He didn't say anything of import while they walked to the lake. Didn't ask her any real questions. He studied her body beneath the lumpy jumper she almost always wore, the one with a big H knitted into it, and considered what she'd look like in better clothes. He walked with her. She talked but the words were vacuous. He understood, intuitively, that she was doing little more than reciting conversational banalities while she watched him. She was coming to a decision. He wondered if she'd chosen fire to hurt him because he ignited her as much as she made him an inferno. At last, at the water's edge, he bent down and lay the hand she'd scalded across the surface, just breaking the tension and disturbing a water bug that skittered away, afraid of them both. She dropped her bag and squatted down next to him. At his side. When she put her hand next to his, he watched as the water begin to hiss and steam. \"Do you want to know how?\" she asked. \"I suspect it won't come easily to you. You, I think, are not fire.\" \"What am I,\" he asked, watching the curls of vapor rise into the air. \"Water, probably,\" she said. \"I could drown in you.\" 41. \"Water extinguishes fire,\" he said. She shrugged. \"Or fire makes water evaporate and disappear.\" 40. She taught him. His Mudblood, her hands filthy in the mud by the lake, forced him to focus his mind. \"Wandless,\" she said. \"Voiceless. Like occlumency except you push your own energy outward instead of using it to form a wall.\" He learned. His followers followed. They hovered. They worried and fretted and shuffled their feet. He hated Mudbloods, Thoros finally said. \"You hate them. Why are you spending all your time with that whore?\" \"Call her that again and I'll rip your throat out,\" Tom Riddle said. \"She's nothing,\" Malfoy said. \"She's fire,\" Tom Riddle corrected him. She was his fire and she was burning him and he longed to extinguish her. 39. \"Why are you doing this?\" Tom Riddle asked her, reading her Potions essay over her shoulder. \"It's an assignment,\" she said. \"You've said nothing for two feet,\" he said. \"You've employed an elaborate chiasmus structure but said nothing. I watched you brew this potion perfectly yesterday, look at it, and then add peppermint.\" She rolled up the completed essay. \"I like peppermint,\" she said. \"It gives things a nice smell.\" \"It ruined your potion,\" pointed out. \"Ruin depends upon your point of view,\" she said. \"Why do you assume my goal is to have Slughorn praise how clever I am?\" \"What is this goal of yours?\" he said, polite and charming tone covering both his habitual contempt and genuine interest. What she wanted – what she was doing here in his time – was an endless question. Not, he suspected, quite what she'd been sent here to do. \"Deciding what it means to be ruined, of course,\" she said. \"To reduce to a state of decay. To ravage. To destroy,\" he said. \"To burn to the ground.\" She packed up her bag, stood up, and looked at him. \"Maybe. Maybe where one person sees ruination another sees change. When lightning strikes and the prairies burn is the land ruined or prepared for new life? When the river floods, is the land drowned or enriched?\" \"Your potion was still, dare I say it, ruined,\" he said. \"If what I'd wanted was a batch of veritaserum, yes,\" she agreed as she turned away, dismissing him again. \"What did you want?\" he asked but she was already gone. 38. Whatever she wanted, it wasn't forced truth, ripped from the brilliant mind he couldn't reach. 37. \"What do you want with her?\" It was a demand and Tom Riddle didn't allow people to demand things. Not of him. He demanded, always. He looked at Abraxas Malfoy with contempt. \"Does it matter?\" Malfoy narrowed his eyes and the two of them locked gazes for a heartbeat, then two, then three and then the blond looked away. \"I suppose it doesn't,\" Malfoy said. \"You always get what you want.\" \"We're going to take the world,\" Tom said, voice hypnotic. \"Power will shine from us like stars and they'll all be blinded by…by our fire.\" \"Why her?\" Malfoy asked again. \"Because she burns, Abraxas.\" \"She's filthy,\" the man muttered but Tom Riddle shook his head. \"She's so pure the fire itself cannot burn her,\" he murmured. \"The very flames cast her back into my hands.\" \"Mudblood,\" his lackey hissed. \"Mine,\" Tom said 36. She had been right that fire did not come easily to him. He was a creature of shadow and depth and fluid. The water loved him, the water sang to him, the water sucked the air from his lungs and he closed his eyes and gloried in it. Fire sputtered and struggled and sparked but never roared. She'd sit there on the shore and watch him, alternately amused and guarded and impressed. \"How did you learn this,\" he demanded at last. She was no older than he and she knew things, things no one at Hogwarts talked about. \"Time was bent for me,\" was all she'd say. \"It gave me time to study. Time to be made into a tool.\" \"Why show me?\" She was silent for a long time when he asked that. \"You're capable of doing it,\" she said at last. \"It's nice to have an equal who isn't molding me like clay.\" 35. He stood in the lake, soaked, clothes clinging to him and hair matted while she sat and held a twig that burned and burned and was not consumed. \"I was given a story to read,\" she said, \"before I was sent here. It was about an angel who would seek out mortals in a state of perfect grace and murder them so they could achieve eternal salvation.\" He dripped and listened. \"Would you like that kind of salvation, Tom? Death now to prevent decay and destruction later?\" He pulled his wand and leveled it at her. \"What makes you think you could kill me?\" he asked. \"What makes you think I couldn't?\" He lunged towards her, knees on the ground and his wand almost instantly jammed into her neck. She had hers shoved under his ribs. \"Mutually assured destruction,\" she said softly. \"Do you want to die today?\" \"Except I can't be killed, Hermione,\" he said. \"Try and you'll find out.\" She took a finger and placed it on his ring. \"How many horcruxes, Tom?\" she asked. \"How many times have you already split your soul?\" He stiffened as she ran her finger around and around the stone on his ring but he forbore to ask how she knew. She knew. That was all that mattered. \"Two,\" he said. \"I bet you keep the diary in your bedside table,\" she said so very softly. \"I bet I could destroy it, and you, before you could stop me. In the future we went after the horcruxes first and the man second, but I suspect I could kill your body first and your horcruxes second and it would be just as effective.\" \"Horcruxes, Hermione, are harder to destroy than you might think,\" he said, wand still at her throat. She laughed at him, again. Always with the laughter, this witch. \"The trick is the finding; destruction is easy. Basilisk venom,\" she said, her eyes never wavering from his. \"Fiendfyre.\" He could see the smirk in her eyes when she saw him understand. Fire. What he didn't expect was for her to shrug, resheathe her wand, and shove his own away with an impatient gesture before she lay back and looked up at the sky. \"Are you suicidal?\" he asked curiously as he squatted back on his heels and looked at her. She lifted her head and looked at him for a moment before putting it back down. \"Not sure,\" she admitted. \"It would simplify things to be dead. No more decisions. No more choices. I would just be a failed strategy.\" There was another long pause during which he put away his own wand and sat next to her. \"Were you supposed to have a choice?\" he asked at last. \"Self-aware tools can be problematic,\" she said, her tone wry. \"Do you want a choice?\" \"You're still alive, aren't you. 34. \"I should kill you,\" he said. She shrugged. 33. One day she wasn't wearing the shapeless jumper with her initial knit into it. Her shoes were just as ugly, her hair just as badly tended, so he knew it wasn't a foray into feminine vanity. He'd long since realized she wasn't quite as dumpy as she'd seemed with that thing on. It was still startling to see her in a neat skirt and a fitted blouse. It was still startling to realize he wanted her. \"If your goal is to attract a boyfriend,\" he said as cruelly as he could, \"you're going to have to do more than just lose the hideous jumper.\" \"I'm putting things away,\" she said. \"It's a new season. A new time.\" \"Making choices, are you?\" he asked. 33. One day she wasn't wearing the shapeless jumper with her initial knit into it. Her shoes were just as ugly, her hair just as badly tended, so he knew it wasn't a foray into feminine vanity. He'd long since realized she wasn't quite as dumpy as she'd seemed with that thing on. It was still startling to see her in a neat skirt and a fitted blouse. It was still startling to realize he wanted her. \"If your goal is to attract a boyfriend,\" he said as cruelly as he could, \"you're going to have to do more than just lose the hideous jumper.\" \"I'm putting things away,\" she said. \"It's a new season. A new time.\" \"Making choices, are you?\" he asked. 32. He crossed the Hall to stand at her dining table as if he were a perfect gentleman and asked if she'd accompany him to Hogsmeade. The other girls at the table looked at him, nerves at his presence warring with jealousy he was singling their Housemate out. He was, he knew, considered both terrifying and desirable. Frightening and dangerous and alluring and on his way to greatness. Hermione, however, didn't even look up from her book. She just said, \"Saturday?\" \"Yes,\" he said, charm and sincerity and charisma covering how irritated he was that she wasn't leaping at this offer. Whatever else she might be, she was also a filthy, friendless Mudblood and he was the school's star pupil and Head Boy. \"If we must,\" she said, still not looking up. \"I'll meet you at the main door after breakfast.\" 31. They didn't touch as they walked down to the village. \"Teach me,\" he said. He ordered. \"Teach me the things you know, the magic you have.\" \"I have,\" she said calmly. \"The bulk of what I know – what I was trained to do – was the elemental work. The rest is trivial. I needed – need - fire to destroy your horcruxes. Anything else was deemed… unnecessary.\" \"I don't have a reason to keep you alive, then,\" he said. She stopped and put her hand on his chest. \"You really don't,\" she agreed. \"You belong to me,\" he said, feeling the heat of her hand and waiting for it to grow so bad he'd have to step away. Waiting for her to burn him again. \"I was sent back for you,\" she said, \"so I think one could just as easily argue that you belong to me. My project. My task. You, Tom Riddle, are indeed mine.\" \"Your task to kill,\" he said. \"Or save.\" She cocked her head to the side. \"Dumbledore is, as you surely know, a big fan of the power of love. He'd not think you properly salvaged if you died without knowing love. I think,\" she said somewhat musingly, pulling her hand back so only one finger remained on him, \"I think I am supposed to make you love me and then, when you have softened enough to be weak, to be saved, then I should burn you alive.\" \"It might have been easier to go with the first option,\" he said. \"Sometimes,\" she continued as if he hadn't spoken, \"it seems like it might be a shame to ruin your cold perfection with love.\" \"I succeed, don't I?\" he asked. \"That's why they sent you back to kill me.\" \"Oh yes,\" she said. \"You ruin the world.\" 30. I won't ruin it, he argued with her. I'm going to rule it. I'm going to make it mine. I'm going to purify it. 29. She was a resource, he told himself. She'd taught him water. She'd taught him fire. She would now teach him time. He would learn from her how he went so wrong the future sent a woman back to kill him. How many resources, he wondered, had been poured into her. Time was bent for me, she'd said. I was turned into a tool, she'd said. She was, he suspected, someone's last great hope that he could be turned aside. She was salvation in the form of love and death and heat and flame. She was meant to be the salvation of her own time. His salvation. She was ruin. She was ruining him and he couldn't look away. 28. He turned her into his girlfriend by dint of implying she was too afraid. Her eyes flashed and she was his, though the mocking laughter she poured onto him made him wonder who was playing whom. \"Be careful,\" she'd say. \"As soon as you love me, I may decide to do what my maker wanted and slaughter you.\" \"You assume I am capable of love,\" he said. \"You assume I would ever love you.\" He held her chair and carried her books and escorted her to Hogsmeade and never let his fingers brush against her filthy, Mudblood skin. He'd offer her his arm but never his hand. He'd brush his lips an inch from her cheek but never make contact. \"You're a terrible liar,\" she said. \"You'd prefer I ravish you?\" he asked, eyebrows arched. \"Paw you? Slobber on you?\" \"I'd prefer you loathsome and despicable,\" she said. \"I'd prefer you stupid and brutish. I'd prefer you long ago and far away. They warned me but I tied myself to the mast anyway.\" \"Who listens to warnings?\" he asked. \"No one,\" she admitted. \"Sing your siren song, Tom Riddle, and we all jump into the water and drown just hoping to get closer to you.\" \"Am I drowning you, Hermione Granger?\" he asked, leaning so close to her ear he could feel the heat of her skin on his lips. \"Do you fall?\" She didn't move. Finally she said, \"If you were honest, I would drown in you, yes 27. \"Are you still Dumbledore's tool?\" he whispered. 26. He itched to touch her. He wanted to feel her skin under his hands. He wanted to pull her hair out of the hideous braids and buns and twists and bury his face in it. The heat of her hand though the sleeve of his shirt as he walked her through the halls with courtesy and dignified grace burned him. She was fire and he was her fuel and she was consuming him. He questioned her about the future, long hours spent lying on the ground with her dark books spread around her. \"I'll answer all your questions,\" she'd say. \"But sometimes I'll lie.\" He'd push against her mind but it didn't matter. \"They did teach me occlumency,\" she said with laughter at his failure. \"Your mental agility is not unknown to your enemies, Tom.\" He looked for tells but never saw any. Either she was utterly truthful or a brilliant liar. He hated that he couldn't be sure. He sat and questioned her and didn't touch her and went back to his room and lay in the dark and opened and closed his fists in rage and frustration. She was a knife pointed at his heart and, even knowing she'd been designed to intrigue him, he couldn't let her go 25. He ran a hand along her clothed shoulder and heard her intake of breath. She sat at the table in the library, his hand on her shoulder, and very slowly he slipped his fingers until he had them at her throat, resting on her skin. He could feel her nearly panicked swallowing. Her lips had opened and she watched him, her breath hitching. \"You belong to me,\" he said. She closed her eyes. 24. He could kiss her for hours. He held her up against walls, thrust her against his mattress, clawed his fingers into her hair. She pushed back, her mouth wild against his, and he'd leave her, her lips swollen and red marks peppering her neck, only to come back and see she'd glamoured all traces of his ownership away. \"Mine,\" he'd snarl against her skin in his bed. \"Mine,\" he'd whisper in her ear as he held out a chair. \"Mine,\" he'd say, running his hands over her arms. She never objected to his endless claims of ownership but never quite acceded to them either. Only once, once when he had her pinned beneath him and was inhaling the scent of the hair he'd tugged loose, did she say anything about it at all. She'd tangled her own hands in his dark hair and pulled his ear to her lips. \"Mine,\" she'd said. \"You're mine, Tom Riddle. Now what am I going to do with you?\" \"What do you want to do?\" he'd asked. \"Ruin you,\" she'd whispered. \"Melt you. Own you. Keep you.\" \"I am yours to destroy,\" he'd said, holding her hair so tightly in his fists he'd known it had to hurt her. \"You should kill me,\" she'd said, \"before I do.\" \"I can't,\" he'd admitted. \"You should be the good girl they sent to the past and kill me.\" \"I'm not that girl anymore,\" she'd said. 22. Lust was for drowning. He was holding her under until she couldn't breathe and she wasn't even fighting him. 23. \"Keep me,\" he said. 21. He had her in every way a man could have a woman. Hands, tongue, cock everywhere and anywhere and she writhed beneath him and shuddered and whimpered and called out his name and she was his and he owned her and he was hers. He was hers. She devoured him and burned him and he lay himself out before her to be so consumed and he shook at the touch of her hands and trembled at the feel of her mouth and thrust into her and begged and gasped her name and he was hers and she owned him and she was his. She was his. 20. He ran his hands over the word carved into her arm. It had either been done with a cursed blade or she'd opted not to heal it properly. The lines were crude and brutal, the scar tissue twisted. \"Who?\" he asked. \"Your most devoted follower,\" she said, watching his face. \"She did it to please you.\" \"I'll kill her,\" he said. \"Tell me her name and when she comes to join me I'll flay the flesh from her bones and drink her marrow while she begs for mercy in vain.\" He kept his eyes on the scar and waited for her. Waited for her to pass his test. Waited for her to take one more step toward him. \"Bellatrix Lestrange,\" she said at last. \"Her maiden name was Black.\" He pressed himself into her, thrust his tongue between the lips she parted for him, bit at her, consumed her. Drowned her. 19. \"What do we do now?\" he asked her. She was buttoning up her blouse. She was glamouring away the marks he'd left. She was tucking her hair back into a bun. She wasn't answering him. \"Is now when you kill me?\" he continued. \"The diary's in the top drawer.\" She cocked her head to the side and looked at him through the mirror. \"Is this a confession of love, Tom? Have I saved you?\" He reached a hand out to run it along the curve of her spine. \"Hardly,\" he said with a snort. \"You won't, you know.\" \"Save you?\" she asked, still putting her hair back up. \"Hope springs eternal and all that.\" After she'd jabbed the last pin back into her hair she turned to look at him and he left his fingers pressed lightly against her abdomen. \"I enjoy the trying more than I'd thought to. Why change anything?\" \"Because belonging to you is untenable unless I own you as well. Because you're going to try to stop me.\" She shrugged. \"Maybe.\" \"Maybe?\" His voice mocked her. \"I'm the evil monster. I'm ruin and death and the end of everything you care about. Slaughter me now, little Mudblood of mine, and be the heroine.\" \"Or not.\" She regarded him. \"You're brilliant, you know. I rather like that about you.\" He licked his lips. \"I have noticed that, yes.\" \"You lack a conscience, of course, and you like hurting people.\" \"I like controlling people,\" he corrected, hand still on her. \"I like power: political, social, magical. And I have not hurt you.\" \"Not yet, no,\" she said. \"You will. You have.\" \"She'll die the moment I find her,\" Tom said as Hermione's hand fluttered to the scar on her arm. \"No one is allowed to touch what is mine.\" \"I wasn't at the time.\" \"Are you now?\" She laughed. \"Well, I'm certainly not wholly Dumbledore's anymore.\" He pulled her to him as he sat on the bed. He settled his hands on her hips and looked up at her. \"Take the world with me. I can give it to you and make you its queen so long as you belong to me first.\" Her fingers in his hair. \"You're doing it wrong,\" she said. \"You're supposed to take me to a mountain top when you show me all the wealth and glory of the world and offer it up to me.\" \"You aren't exactly a Christ-figure, Hermione.\" \"No,\" she agreed. \"That was Harry.\" Tom Riddle nodded. Harry Potter, she'd told him, stretched on one day in the grass, had been the first child turned into a weapon pointed at him, designed as a sacrifice. Had been his point of weakness. Had still not succeeded. \"We turned time back over and over,\" she'd said. \"Made him fight that last battle again and again and he died every time. Sometimes everyone died. Sometimes he didn't even rise from the first killing curse.\" She, of course, was the second child turned into a weapon and pointed at him. \"People always want to live,\" she'd said. \"They'd rather live with salvation but they'll take without, and so here I am, their tool and sacrifice in one.\" \"Would you rather live without salvation?\" he asked. She looked at him. \"Yes,\" she admitted 18. \"No one is allowed to touch what is mine.\" \"I wasn't at the time.\" \"Are you now?\" Are you now? Are you now you are 17. She burned so brightly. If he couldn't extinguish her, he had to own her. 16. He argued with her about Muggles. She told him he was ignorant. He suggested she come see where he grew up. She said that a few loathsome individuals should not condemn an entire people. \"They're filth,\" he said. \"Vermin.\" \"What am I?\" she asked. \"Mine,\" he said but she shook her head and batted his hand away. \"Muggles have never hurt me,\" she said. \"It's wizards and witches who took my life, cut it away from me and used it for their own purposes.\" \"Also gave you power,\" he said. \"The power was always mine.\" She always disagreed with him. He boiled with fury that she'd dare to contradict him then come back to debate with her more. He argued with her when he had her shoved against walls, pressing himself into her. He argued with her over toast. He argued with her as she pulled books from the Restricted Section in the library and made notes on spells so dark that pools of rank, oily magic dripped out of the very parchment and collected in puddles at her feet. \"Modifying Sacrificial Power?\" he asked, touching one of her reading choices. \"The thing being sacrificed can take all the power of that ritual into herself,\" she said, finger moving over the words. \"How?\" he asked, perching on the arm of her chair and reading over her shoulder. \"Essentially by taking back her consent,\" she said, voice low in the dim corner of the library. \"It's discussed more in the light of ensuring your willing sacrifice doesn't change her mind, generally by simply killing her early in the process, but –\" \"But self-aware tools are more problematic,\" he said. \"How powerful do you want to be, Hermione?\" She leaned her head up against him and he rested a hand on her. \"What does it mean to be ruined,\" she mused. \"What does it mean to prevent ruination? How many choices do we really have, anyway? If I pull you off the board, does another would-be king appear?\" He dug his fingers into her shoulder. \"Don't wiggle out of it that way,\" he said. \"Don't be such a coward and tell yourself another would-be Dark Lord would just fall into my place. Be mine with your eyes open to the darkness. Be mine because you want the power. Be mine because you burn, Hermione. Be mine because you're fire. Be mine because you aren't afraid.\" She shrugged and closed the book. \"You aren't going to do it?\" he asked, disappointed. She tilted her head to look up at him. \"I already did.\" 15. \"You have to live forever,\" he said. \"You have to cheat death with me.\" \"A horcrux.\" She said the word as though she were tasting it, rolling it around her mouth. He watched her through his lashes. \"Who?\" she said at last and he smiled, that cold, charming smile that fooled every professor, the one that people were drawn to even as they knew he was going to devour them. \"How about Dumbledore?\" he asked. \"How about one of the men who would have made you into nothing but an extension of their will?\" 13. He'd burned for her. He burned for her. She would help him burn the world. 14. They waited. She laid out things she knew from the future and Tom realized, now that he truly had her, that the only time she'd lied to him had been when she'd said she would. \"Let him defeat your rival,\" Hermione said and Tom had agreed. And then that battle was over and they found the man and they bound the man and Hermione disarmed him and burned him and, as he screamed, she said simply, \"You shouldn't have taught me quite so well and expected me to stay leashed. You shouldn't have made me into your sacrifice and then let me wander free.\" \"She prefers having choices,\" Tom said, leaning up against a wall and watching as she worked the magic to split her soul. \"She'll let herself be damned to have those choices.\" \"I am damned,\" she said, slipping Dumbledore's wand into a pocket with a dark smile and dangling the locket between her fingers. \"I am, I suppose, ruined.\" Tom wrapped his arms around her as the fire sputtered out on the cold stones of the dungeon behind them. \"Have I done my job?\" she asked as she tilted her head back to look at him. \"Have I saved you?\" He laughed. \"I cannot be saved,\" he said, lowering his mouth to her neck and grazing his teeth along her skin. \"I am unsalvageable. I am unsalvaged. But, Hermione Granger, I am made whole by you, brought into a state of perfect grace.\" She pressed the elder wood wand to his side. \"Do I kill you, then?\" she whispered even as he thrust his fingers against her, into her, and made her his again. \"I cannot be killed,\" he whispered as she held her wand against him and shuddered at his touch. \"The world is ours, ripe and rotted and waiting for us to burn it and cleanse it and own it and do with it as we will 12. His lackeys blanched at the engagement ring. \"She's a Mudblood,\" Abraxas Malfoy hissed in disgust. \"We've already shredded the future,\" Hermione said, wand instantly at his throat. \"I don't have any real problem shredding you too. I didn't especially care for your descendents.\" \"Do you want power?\" Tom asked in his lazy, hypnotic voice, \"or do you care about ideological purity? Because she burns with power, she sparks with power. She is fire and magic and, Abraxas, I'll let her play with you like a toy if you look at her the wrong way.\" \"What do we master first?\" Thoros, ever pragmatic, asked. \"Blood magic,\" Hermione said, still leaning in to Malfoy. \"Sacrifice. Before magic was standardized and put in neat boxes so children could learn it at school and be tested and wash the dishes it was rage and blood and pain.\" She tilted her head to the side. \"It's still really rage and blood and pain but you can't give an exam on draining a man's blood and pouring it on the hillside to grow your crops from his life.\" \"Crops?\" Malfoy asked with disdain, ignoring the wand. \"You think people developed magic to play exploding snap and have candy frogs that jump?\" The look she gave him was filled with disgust. \"Survival, Malfoy, that's why people used magic. That's where the raw power still is. Survival. At its core it's about food and warmth and sex.\" \"Sex?\" Thoros eyed her with a partially hidden leer. \"I don't think you want to join Tom and I for sex magic,\" she said. \"You wouldn't survive the experience.\" \"You might not survive looking at her that way,\" Tom said. \"She's not one of us,\" Malfoy said again. \"Oh, she is,\" Tom said. \"She's ruining you,\" the man said. Tom shrugged. \"From ruin comes change.\" \"We're changing the world,\" Hermione said. \"We're changing the future.\" 11. \"He's going to kill everyone like you,\" Mulciber Avery said to her. \"He'll kill you eventually. You're a fool, for all that your magic is so powerful.\" Hermione just looked at him. \"Fire cooks your meat and burns your world. It's sweet that you think I'm the one at risk.\" \"Warning her off?\" Tom asked, coming up behind her and resting his hands across her throat, \"or just trying to rid me of my embarrassing Muggle-born problem.\" Avery flushed. \"He thinks you might kill me,\" Hermione said. Tom laughed at that idea as she leaned her head back against him, imprisoned by his fingers, and watched Avery with a calm that made him shiver. \"I believe he thinks I should run.\" \"If you ran,\" Tom said to her, \"I'd follow you and tie you to me so tightly you could never leave again.\" \"Aren't you at all concerned?\" Avery asked at the same time. \"Muggle-born witch that you are.\" \"Tom and I have different views on some issues,\" Hermione conceded. \"But I am, thanks to him, somewhat difficult to kill. Or tame.\" 9. Love is nothing but conflagration of the soul. 10. \"Kill as many witches as you want,\" Hermione said. \"Kill as many wizards. Burn our world to the ground; I'll light the match for you. But blood prejudice is beneath you.\" \"You know why I despise Muggles,\" he said. \"Why I despise the Muggle-born who come from them.\" \"If you'd grown up with the Malfoys, you'd probably despise them,\" she said. Tom smiled at her, ran his hands over her arms. \"Probably,\" he admitted, \"but I didn't.\" He asked again, \"Do you plan to stop me?\" She didn't answer and he laughed. \"I have you, pretty witch,\" he murmured in her ear. \"Dark and powerful and damned and ruined and mine. If you've washed your hands in blood once, does it really matter whose you select for your next ablution?\" 8. \"They told me you couldn't love,\" she said, sprawled across him on their bed. \"They told me you were beautiful and brilliant and compelling, that men followed you like ducklings, the craven and the power hungry alike, but that I should never expect you to love. Not really. Get him to repent if you can and then the fire, they said. Or just the fire, of course.\" \"They do follow me,\" he said, a finger lazily circling round and round one of her nipples. \"They're afraid and they're fascinated and they want the scraps of power that fall from my table and so they'd all follow me into hell and throw their own children into the maw to please me.\" \"I know,\" she said. \"I saw them do it.\" \"I'll never repent, you know. In fact, it will be better with you,\" he said musingly. \"I'll avoid the obvious mistakes.\" \"Did I ever tell you who was your main opponent?\" she asked, sliding a hand across the alabaster perfection of him as she wet her lips. He waited. She touched her locket and he laughed with that cruel delight that made everyone but her shudder and turn away from him. \"How could any man not love you,\" he breathed. \"You are the light which draws me; you are the one who compels me; you are the flame to my moth.\" \"Have you been saved?\" she asked. \"Do you love now?\" \"Only you,\" he said. \"The world is filled shadows and ghosts to use and use up but you are solid and you are real and you are mine.\" He twisted underneath her and propped himself up onto an elbow. \"Time to kill me now that I'm somewhat less damnable?\" he asked. \"Now that I love is it time for me to fall and burn in your inferno?\" \"I should, I suppose,\" she said. \"It was to be my whole life but you know that I won't.\" \"Because you love me?\" he asked She shook her head. \"Because you love me. Because I'll be no one's sacrificial lamb. Because I am no hostage to a future we've already changed.\" 7. She owned him. She'd razed him to the ground like a field in spring and he had come forth with new growth and it was all for her. He feasted on her. He would do anything for her, go anywhere. He might have even changed had she asked it of him. She didn't. Instead, she opened books of Dark Magic from the libraries of his lackeys and turned her brilliant mind to them and he, Hogwarts prodigy, did the same and they discovered things that had been lost, learned things that time had tried to wear away. The lackeys watched them, watched them come back from trysts in the fields with straw in her hair and blood on their hands, and they stopped asking if she were one of them. Stopped despising and started fearing. \"Why would they think any wife of yours would be weak?\" she asked as his minions evaporated before her, water droplets hurried away into steam by her heat. \"Because they're fools,\" he said, dropping his mouth to her neck to lick a smear of blood off. \"Because they can't see outside the neat walls of what they've been told is possible.\" \"Do you love me,\" he would ask. \"Are you mine yet?\" \"I have been drowned in you,\" was all she would say. \"I have been made over by you into something new.\" \"I gave you choices,\" he said Her fingers in his hair. \"I took the choices. I chose you. I chose damnation and power.\" \"Self-aware tool,\" he murmured. She shook her head, whimpering at the feel of his mouth at her throat. \"I'll not be a knife in any hand but my own this time 1. Chapter 1 1. \"If I could be killed,\" Tom Riddle said, \"it would be for love of you.\" 2. \"I sacrificed the world for you,\" Hermione Granger said. \"Regrets?\" he asked, hand on the back of her neck. \"Remorse?\" She leaned back against him as they looked out the window at the world they owned. \"As long as I have you,\" she said at last, \"the world can burn.\" 3. They traveled. They traveled for years until Abraxas Malfoy went home and married a suitable girl and Thoros Nott went home and married a less suitable one and they were young and beautiful and strong and they watched the world age as they gathered power until it pooled out of them, until it sparked from their skin, until their very eyes glowed with it. They never grew old. And the Death Eaters formed and reformed and the Ministry was theirs and the school and if blood ran in the streets and fires raged it was nothing they had not expected. Ruin. Salvation. Love. Who could have predicted how closely entwined they would all be? Certainly not the men who'd sent her to him. They probably wouldn't have cared for the way the pair of them had interpreted 'salvation.' Of course, they were all dead now. 4. She never liked the snakes. She'd roll her eyes at Tom and them and bury herself into a book and he'd tease her by wrapping one of the little ones around her arm. The snakes liked her. \"Warm,\" they'd say and fall asleep against her skin 5. Hermione would stare at him, sometimes, and roll the wand she'd taken from Dumbledore between her hands as if she were waiting for him to try to take it. He kissed her on the temple once, very lightly, and whispered, \"I trust you with it.\" It was the first time he'd admitted he knew what it was. ","Summary":" 50. She stepped into the portal armed with knowledge and fire, shaped by desperate men to reshape t"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"The Outlaws' Little Alphabet","Author":"Finnhart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6008893","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note : I wanted to do something silly and funny, but it ended up not being as funny as I intended. Somehow it ended up encapsulating the hopelessness of some of Charlie's (possible) feelings towards Ben Wade. Disclaimer: I own nothing, unfortunately :( The Outlaws' Little Alphabet Charlie Prince A is for angry, which I rarely am not, B is for bastard, which I hear quite a lot. C is for cheeky, it goes with my name, D is for danger, my favourite game. E is for effort that I eagerly give, F is for fighting, the reason I live. G is for guns, my favourite things, H is for honesty and the pain that it brings. I is for initiative, I have some of that, J is for Jackson, a big ugly prat. K is for killing, what I do to survive, L is for love, I wish it could thrive. M is for money, there is never enough, N is for no, now I need to be tough. O is for onwards, the only way, P is for Pinkertons, who ruin my day. Q is for quake, what I do when we fawn, R is for restless, how I feel 'til the dawn. S is for silence, the kind I hope you will break, T is for trying, so hard that I shake. U is for ugly, how I am underneath, V is for victory, by the skins of our teeth. W is for wondering, are you really my friend? X is for kisses, how I want this to end. Y is for yearning, what I do all the time, Z is for Zion, a peak yet to climb. Author's Note: This was quite fun and very easy to do, so I might make more of these for some of the other characters and add them as further chapters :) ","Summary":" Author's Note : I wanted to do something silly and funny, but it ended up not being as funny as I i"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Unrequited","Author":"Aiedail Choupette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6909081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Inspiré par la chanson \"Salesman at the Day of the Parade\" de Rogue Wave Note de la traductrice : j'ai eu un véritable coup de coeur pour ce texte. Il est court mais sublime, et j'espère l'avoir bien traduit. Je remercie encore une fois Falco Conlon de m'avoir autorisée à traduire son texte. Rien n'est à moi :) Enjoy' Unrequited : Il y eut un moment, pendant les dernières minutes de la vie de Charlie Prince, où son regard passa de Ben debout devant lui au fermier qui saignait au sol et il devint clair comme de l'eau de roche combien son temps passé avec Ben Wade avait été du gaspillage. Ce n'était pas totalement une révélation. Dès les premiers jours passés avec Wade cette pensée s'était incrusté au fin fond de son esprit alors qu'il voyait Wade abattre ses hommes un par un. Il avait tué Tommy de la même façon qu'il avait tué un coyote deux nuits plus tôt. Ben n'avait même pas pris la peine de lui tirer dans la tête, mais avait à la place touché Tommy à la gorge pour le laisser saigner jusqu'à la mort. Il ne s'était même pas soucié de tuer le garçon rapidement. Mais ça ne serait jamais lui, avait pensé Charlie alors qu'il dévalisait les diligences, descendait les députés et brûlait les dépôts de chemin de fer, tout cela pour Ben Wade. Et à la fin de la journée, après qu'ils eussent divisé le butin et alors que Wade faisait les yeux doux à la femme la plus proche, quelle qu'elle fût, Charlie levait son verre à son patron en pensant que ce ne serait jamais lui. Amen. Mais à présent Ben Wade se tenait en face de lui et Charlie sentit la balle remuer et s'enfoncer jusqu'à son dos. La terre sembla trembler sous les pieds de Wade. Le monde de Prince glissait progressivement vers l'obscurité. Cela ne faisait pas mal, pensa-t-il avec une muette surprise alors qu'il regardait Ben s'approcher. Ses genoux se dérobèrent sous lui, mais aussitôt Ben le retint par sa veste et tout ce que Charlie put faire fut de lever les yeux vers lui, sans ciller, et se demander comment il en était arrivé là. Il avait sauvé la vie de Ben et à présent il allait mourir de la main de Ben. Les doigts de Wade étaient serrés sur le vêtement crasseux, et il portait le poids mou de Charlie avec facilité. La pression de l'arme au-dessus de son cœur ressemblait à une piqure d'épingle dans l'étendue engourdie de son corps. Il ne pouvait pas dire où il terminait, et où le reste du monde commençait, où Wade commençait. Il n'avait jamais su où Charlie finissait et où Wade commençait, et pendant un moment il avait pensé que peut-être cela voulait dire qu'il était sain et sauf. Que pensait Wade des autres ? Il ne le pensait pas de Charlie. Mais si, et la facilité avec laquelle Wade pressa la détente le prouva. A la dernière seconde de la vie de Charlie Prince, son cœur se brisa. ","Summary":" Inspiré par la chanson \"Salesman at the Day of the Parade\" de Rogue Wave Note de la traductrice :"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"J'aime quand t'es comme ça","Author":"Aiedail Choupette","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6616458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Je n'en reviens pas, serai-je en train de créer le fandom français de ce film sur FF ? On dirait bien. Quoi qu'il en soit, après l'incomparable coup de coeur que j'ai eu pour ce film, vous n'en avez pas fini avec moi. Disclaimer : Rien n'est à moi. Bien sûr u_u. Enjoy' J'aime quand t'es comme ça Oh oui, Ben Wade –LE Ben Wade, le Patron- aimait voir cette étincelle dans les yeux de Dan Evans, petit Dan Evans, insignifiant Dan Evans. Monsieur était propre sur lui, n'avait jamais rien fait de mal. Dan Evans l'honnête homme, Dan Evans le fermier. Celui qui se plaçait devant ses enfants pour les protéger. A vous en donner envie de vomir. Et pourtant, Ben Wade était intrigué par Dan Evans. L'homme était têtu, mais pas idiot. Il avait mis son orgueil de côté pour sa femme et ses bambins, et courrait à la mort, pour eux. Et peut-être que grâce à ça, il ne mourrait pas, en fin de compte. Ben Wade se fichait de tous ceux qui l'escortaient jusqu'au train. Mais il gardait un œil sur Dan Evans, tellement qu'il avait fini par lui sauver la vie. Allez savoir. Charlie Prince était loyal, dévoué. Dan Evans était indomptable. Passionné et nerveux. Et têtu. Et Ben Wade aimait ça. Evans était droit – Trop droit. Evans l'intéressait lorsqu'il était calme, il le passionnait lorsqu'il s'enflammait. Tellement de potentiel, là-dessous. Dan Evans pouvait devenir violent, agité, enragé. Animal. Mais un animal plus subtil, plus intelligent, que ne l'étaient les hommes de Ben. Evans pouvait devenir Wade, mais il était trop honnête, pas assez vicieux. Ben pouvait se servir de n'importe quoi comme arme – menottes, fourchettes, mots. Dan ne pouvait pas. Mais qu'importe. Les limites de Dan Evans se devaient d'être définies. Il tentait de les percer, dans ses yeux. Entre les volutes de couleurs changeantes, et la colère de l'homme à son égard. Jusqu'à pouvoir comprendre. Ils s'étaient compris, enfin, lorsqu'il avait fallu tirer dans le bâton de dynamite. A ce moment-là, quoi que pût en dire Dan, il y avait eu quelque chose. Complémentarité de la pensée, synchronisation du geste. Et Ben avait pensé qu'ils pourraient former une sacré bonne équipe. Sacrée. Ben avait aimé la façon d'agir de Dan. Réfléchie, mais pas trop. Instinctive. Dan avait fait confiance à Ben. Si Ben avait été une femme, il aurait souri. Ils n'étaient pas amis, Dan l'avait clairement défini. Mais qu'étaient-ils ? C'était la première question qui lui était venue à l'esprit, dans cette chambre d'hôtel –suite nuptiale. Puis, la seconde question, sinueuse, discrète (fourbe) : que pourraient-ils être ? Mais tout ça, c'était avant de voir le corps de Dan s'effondrer sous les balles de Charlie Prince. Ben Wade pensait souvent à Dan Evans. Il se souvenait des yeux tellement expressifs de l'homme. Il se souvenait de son visage tellement proche, de ce défi lancé avec cette phrase : j'aime quand t'es comme ça. Une autre façon de dire qu'être quelque chose –même si ce n'était pas amis, amants, ennemis- ensemble, ça serait pas mal. Tous les deux. Ben Wade et Dan Evans. Le bandit et le fermier. Et vice-versa. Alors ? ","Summary":" Je n'en reviens pas, serai-je en train de créer le fandom français de ce film sur FF ? On dirait bi"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Out of the Pool","Author":"readaholicgirl09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10870890","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: an unrequited love of younger version of Sock pining for older teen!jonathan Out of the Pool It was a hot summer day and the pool was filled with kids trying to cool off. The sun was shining up above and anyone without sunscreen was bound to be sunburned by the end of the day. But that didn't seem to trouble the hot blond teen up on the lifeguard post. He sat under a prompt umbrella that the other lifeguard—who just got off duty ten minutes ago—left behind. Sock had waited an hour sitting on the shaded cement waiting for his crush to clock in. Only to wait another twenty minutes to execute his plan. It was a brilliant plan, one that would get him close to Jonathan. Jonathan , see even his name sounded wonderful. Sock bit his lip trying to calm himself since he didn't have his scarf so he could run his hands over it. Keep it together, you can't back down now . Taking another deep breath to steady his nerves, Sock pulled his goggles on and walked to the edge of the pool. Sock, in his green swimming trucks, stared at the rippling water from all the splashing pre-teens. Sock didn't know how to swim and was about to plunge into the deep end of the pool where the older kids or experience swimmers were playing. Remember, this is all for Jonathan, Sock told himself when he felt his nerve slipping. If Jonathan was good at his job—no, he was good—he would rescue Sock before he actually drowned. \"Well, here goes nothing.\" Sock mumbled under his breath as he ran and cannonball into the pool. There was a moment of calm as Sock plunged further and further into the chlorine water. He looked up seeing the surface ripple from his jump and he kept sinking deeper and deeper. That's when he began to panic. What if I hit the bottom and never get back up? What if I don't hit the bottom and get stuck in the middle? What if Jonathan gets distracted by many of the teen girls and he doesn't see me drown? What if, what if, his mind kept shooting out in his panic state. When Sock noticed he stop going down and hadn't reached the bottom his heart sped up. His option of using his legs and pushing himself up was gone and he didn't know how to get back up again on his own. Bad idea, bad idea! I didn't think this through. Sock shouted in his head as he started thrashing around letting out a scream which just released precious air bubbles. He stopped his panic scream midway trying to hold onto his air as he felt his lungs start to strain in the lack of moving. His dilemma was getting back to the surface to get oxygen. But Sock didn't know how and he had to breathe out more bubbles to relieve the pressure on his chest. Relax, he had to relax. Easier said than done. Sock tried to push his arms up like he'd seen swimmers do. But it didn't help and he felt himself slowly sinking to the bottom. No! No! No! I need to go up! Sock let more precious air bubbles go as his panic seized him when he felt his lungs empty out and held on to nothing. His heart was thumping loudly from the adrenaline his body was producing from the sheer terror he was in into trying to get back to the surface since Jonathan wasn't coming to get him. Sock kept onto holding his breath as it became painful, all he wanted to do was breath in. His body was screaming at him to do it. He could feel himself starting to fade as the pool started to get darker and darker. Sock was going to lose consciousness in a few seconds from the lack of oxygen to his brain. Sock closed his eyes accepting his death as he felt himself pass out. Damn... 1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6... 7... 8... 9... 10... Breath. 1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6... 7... 8... 9... 10... Breath. Come on, come on. Breath kid, you have to breath. Jonathan leaned down pressing his lips to the pale-ish blue teen as he breathed into him before getting back up and started chest compression. He couldn't have a drowning here. He only had this job for one month. All that training and it would've been for nothing if he couldn't revive this kid. Jonathan kept begging in his head for the boy not to die, not on his watch. He didn't even glance up as the girl who distracted him from his job asked if he was alright. Why is she asking him anything? She thought it would've been fun to flirt with him and when that didn't bring the desired affect she faked an injury and kept him away from where he was really needed. Come on kid. The boy couldn't be more than fourteen years old. Jonathan wouldn't be able to live with himself if this kid who was three fucking years younger than him died. \"I think he's dead,\" she said behind him. No one asked you , Jonathan wanted to scream at her. But that would take precious time from performing CPR. Concentrate. He needed to concentrate. His reward was hearing water-filled lungs cough as he sighed in relief. Thank God, he's alive. He ordered everyone back to give the kid some breathing room. Lifting the kid's small shoulders up on his arm, Jonathan helped him sit up as he coughed more water up. Jesus, how much water did he breathe in? That was the wrong question to ask but Jonathan decided not to fret too much on the one he was avoiding. How is he still alive after breathing in that much water? Jonathan was just grateful that someone shouted that someone was drowning to peel himself away from the brunette in the two piece bikini to jump into the pool and save him. The kid kept coughing but luckily there wasn't anymore water as his breathing came raspy. He blinked those green eyes at him and there was a spark there that threw Jonathan in a loop. \"Thank you for saving me,\" the young teen rasped as he placed a hand over his chest. Jonathan shook his head trying to tone down the gratitude. He didn't deserve it. It was Jonathan's fault he almost died there. He wasn't at his post. \"You have to be more careful out there,\" Jonathan said instead and felt like a douche for giving him a lecture to an almost drowned kid. He nodded in embarrassment, \"sorry.\" \"It's okay, just don't do that again,\" Jonathan answered trying to be nicer. The kid just nodded again trying to get up but feeling too weak. Helping him up, Jonathan walked him to his towel under the shade as he sat down. Getting up Jonathan started to walk away before the kid called out, \"Jonathan...\" He automatically turned around not questioning until later that the kid knew his name when he never gave it out. \"Thank you... for you know... saving me.\" \"You don't need to thank me. It's my job.\" There was a sad look that crossed the kid's eyes before he gave him a small sad smile and nodded again letting Jonathan walk off back to his post. A/N: awww, Jonathan did not notice Sock.[Chapter 2] A/N: People wanted a sequel to this. Like what did Sock think about the situation and if he would continue trying to get Jonathan's attention. I thought I should add supportive bff!jojo into the mix because why not. Out of the Pool 2 Young Sock suddenly came back with a harsh watery cough as he felt his lungs try to dispel the foreign liquid out. He tried to breathe in but couldn't as he went into a coughing fit trying to get rid of all the water he swallowed. It took a while to recognize his surrounding and remember that the solid ground underneath him was the pool's cement side and that he was leaning against a chest and was sat up. After the water was out, Sock still continued to cough feeling his throat raw as he took some oxygen in feeling his lungs rattle from disuse. Maybe that wasn't such a good idea after all. Opening his eyes, he turned his head to the person holding him and a thrill ran down his spine at seeing Jonathan holding him. \"Thank you for saving me,\" Sock rasped putting his hand over his heart to stop it from jumping out. That is something you say to your savior, right? That's what damsels say to their heroes and then the hero says something dreamy and sweep them in their arms… \"You have to be more careful out there,\" Jonathan sternly said making Sock's heart skip. Was he saying that because he cared or because he was lecturing me? He apologized, embarrassed hoping he was wrong and Jonathan would wave away his worry. Jonathan did ease his worry away and Sock nodded again trying to get up but feeling too weak to move. Almost drowning took a lot out of you and Sock wanted to swoon when his hot lifeguard helped him to his spot again. Calling out his name, Sock thanked him again hoping that Jonathan would dip his head and kiss him now. \"You don't need to thank me. It's my job.\" It's my job, echoed in his mind and Sock felt crushed and remembered to nod that he understood the message and forced a smile watching sadly as his crush turned his back to him and going back to his post. Of course Jonathan wouldn't look at me with interest. I was probably a pathetic kid who nearly drowned because he couldn't swim. Sock pouted in his spot watching Jonathan put on his dark sunglasses and monitor the pool. He waited two hours for those blue eyes to glance his way but they never did and Sock still felt too weak to move. It wasn't until it was time to go back home that he picked himself up, wrap his fluffy big towel around himself and walk out. The ten minute walk felt dragged out and Sock felt drained by the time he got home but still made the effort to climb the stairs and take a shower. \"Sock, honey, dinner's ready.\" His mom shouted from downstairs. Sock was laying on top of his blankets not moving an inch. A minute of silence and then there was knocking on his door before it opened. \"Honey, time to eat dinner.\" \"I'm not hungry,\" Sock answered quietly his voice hoarse. He closed his eyes wanting to sleep instead. Half a minute later he felt his mom carding her fingers through his brown hair instantly relaxing him. \"I'll save you a plate in the microwave for you to eat later, okay?\" he merely nodded as he felt sleep tugging him under. Sock doesn't know if his mom said anything else after that. ### Sock moped around the house for a week. He made no effort to go outside or even venture out to the pool where he knew Jonathan would be there four out of the seven days. Jonathan was going to be there today but Sock wrapped himself into a blanket burrito watching a marathon show on Netflix. There was no point going now, knowing that his dreamy blond hadn't look twice at him. It's my job. Sock buried himself further into his burrito-self setting himself to watch another episode of a show that wasn't really catching his interest. The front door ringing pulled him back as he got up from the couch and shuffled himself to the door to answer it since he was currently alone. Jojo stood there wearing a one piece swimsuit and shorts over them. \"Come on lazy bum, we're going to the pool.\" \"I don't wanna,\" Sock answered stepping to the side to let his friend in and close the door. Outside it felt well into the late 80s (31°C) and the AC was keeping the house cool enough to be buried in his blanket like this. \"I was binge watching on Netflix.\" \"Ugh,\" Jojo rolled her eyes exasperated. \"You being mopey is becoming annoying. If you still have that crush on the lifeguard then sitting here isn't going to get his attention. So come on, up. Let's go seduce him.\" Sock looked skeptical but Jojo's ushering him up the stairs and bullied into his swim trucks and in less than fifteen minutes they were outside making their way to the pool. \"Jojo, he's not here. Let's go home,\" Sock whined standing next to her. She shook her head grabbing his elbow and finding a spot to put down their towels. There was a glint in her eyes as she went to the rowdy crowd near the edge of the pool hauling Sock into the mix. \"That's mine!\" protested a boy of fourteen as he ran after the other boy being none to gentle in parting the crowd and in that instant Jojo bumped him over the edge of the pool. Sock started panicking because the last time he was in the pool he almost drowned and now a week later he's back in the same situation only Jonathan's nowhere in sight. He tried crying out trying desperately to stay afloat but he started sinking underwater swallowing a mouthful of water. Jojo looked over the edge waiting for Sock to pop up. \"He can't swim,\" she whispered to herself. Oh God, he can't swim . Though she could swim she wasn't good enough to pull him up and now with all those bodies in the pool she can't tell where he disappeared. \"Help! My friend's drowning!\" Only pointing in the general direction she thought Sock's at someone splashed in swimming lower and lower until they suddenly rose up quickly breaching the water and Sock coughed water out. Kneeling by the edge Jojo reached over grasping Sock's slimmed arms yanking him up to sit down. Hovering next to him she patted his back as he rasped a breath in. \"Thank you again for saving me,\" Sock said looking at the person who gripped him up from his watery grave. \"Again?\" Jonathan brushed his wet blond hair away from his face. \"Wait, are you the kid who nearly drowned last week?\" \"Last week?\" Jojo echoed next to Sock who blushed. He meekly nodded. Jonathan looked at both of them trying to access the situation. \"The YMCA has swimming classes. I teach Wednesdays and Thursdays in the mornings if you want to learn.\" \"He does,\" Jojo grinned. \"He's been wanting to learn for years. Maybe this year he will. Right?\" She lightly elbowed him. Sock stuttered like an awkward octopus and Jojo took over as spokesperson. \"That's his way of saying he'll be there.\" Jonathan nodded still floating in the water, \"That's good. Everyone should know how to swim. Especially if you fall into a pool and no one's around to help.\" Some called him after that and he smiled and nodded. \"Later.\" Sock watched as the boy of his dreams swam away to his group of friends. \"This is good Sock, he obviously remembers you and personally asked to teach you to swim! You are going right?\" Sock twisted around to make eye contact with his excited friend before looking back at Jonathan. A small smile spread across his face before he nodded. A/N: there is definitely room for more but I'll just leave it here. (for now)[Chapter 3] A/N: Ay, next part here. tell me what you think... or not. no pressure Out of the Pool 3 Waiting for Wednesday was nerve-wr acking with the anticipation fluttering in his stomach. Jojo excitedly whispering everyday about what he was going to do when the day arrived had him turning into a ball of mush. It wasn't until the day of that he remembered one important detail. \"You ready,\" Jojo grinned bumping his stiff shoulder. He walked slowly, every step had him excited and full of dread. \"Are you having second thoughts?\" \"Yes,\" Sock squeaked turning those big petrified green eyes at her. Oh my God, I can't do this. Jojo, wearing a blue one-piece swimsuit, furrowed her brows at him. \"What's wrong?\" \"I can't swim.\" \"Well duh, that's why we're here.\" Jojo answered relaxing that that was the only problem. She walked forward a bit before noticing he wasn't following and turned back around. \"Sock, come on, that's why we're here. Plus your hottie is going to be teaching you. It's what you wanted.\" \"No, you don't understand. I can't swim.\" Sock emphasized gripping her shoulders. \"There's a reason I haven't learned all these years. I simply can't swim. I can't.\" \"Then learn,\" Jojo answered prying his hands off of her. Grabbing his forearm she pulled him along to the pool with the other students waiting for class to begin. Most of them were little, seven to nine year olds with only a few eleven and twelve year olds. He was the oldest of the bunch, and most likely the worst. Sock sent her a don't-make-me-do-this look. She only shook her head and lightly pushed him in that direction. She signed that she would be on the other side watching. Sock sat down nervous but defeated. He had to learn eventually. Even if his swimming abilities were equal to that of a rock. Jonathan walked in through the side door across the pool. He had green swim trunks and no shirt which as a first for Sock who quietly drooled over him. Jonathan wasn't overly ripped but had defining muscles and what looked like faint barely there abs. All the times Sock had watched him from afar Jonathan had been stoic, briefly let feelings show, but today Sock was treated to firsts. There was a smile across his face, polite though it was, but it was a first and Sock fell in love with it. Already secretly promising himself to make him smile for real. \"Good morning everyone, I'm going to be your instructor for today,\" Jonathan said standing in front of the group, the younger kids' parents sitting in the back. Sock was pretty sure one mom secretly swooned but could he blame her? He was definitely swooning himself. Sock snapped out of it when Jonathan asked them to get in and eyed the chlorine pool with distrust. Reluctantly Sock got up and immersed himself in waiting for his body to adjust to the temperature change. While listening to directions Sock complied and did as he was told. It wasn't even fifteen out of the forty-five minute class that he failed. You would think it's easy to float, but it's not. At least not for him. Sock was floating, doing his best, and holding onto the edge of the pool for support as he felt himself drift. When he got the hang of it he let go—as suggested—that's when it went bad. With his eyes closed and water lapping him in any direction he had no clue where he was going. Sock heard a whistle, their signal, to come back for the next part. Or well, he thought he heard it. Maybe he shouldn't have let himself adrift for too long, or too far from the edge, especially when he didn't have the basics for swimming. Or maybe he shouldn't've gotten up the way he had, he didn't know, but suddenly Sock's sinking… again! The four feet Sock was at was nowhere in sight as his feet caught nothing to hold him up. Only managing to catch a gasp of air before going under he slowly sank underwater. Eyes open he saw the ground below but knew he wouldn't make it in time for it to be of use. Everything sounded weird underwater. Isolated and muffled. He heard a distance splash and wondered if that was his rescuer or someone from the other side of the pool jumping in. Exhaling slowly, Sock closed his eyes hoping he could play dead and float up to the surface. Something pulled his sides and he gasped in pain inhaling water and making him flail around. Sock thought he hit something and felt something grab him before passing out. Coughing water was the first thing he remembered when he came to. He opened his eyes seeing a blurry vision of Jonathan hovering over him. Next to him was Jojo looking worried. \"Damn it, you scared me,\" Jojo scolded still looking worried. Her hair was wet and was dripping. He took a raspy breath in relieved no more water was being coughed out. Jojo pulled him up so he was sitting as he looked around him seeing the other students looking curiously on. Jonathan was dry so Sock knew he wasn't the one to rescue him this time around. \"You're something kid,\" Jonathan said surprised and impressed. \"You always somehow find a way to almost die every time.\" Sock's face turned red from embarrassment. Jonathan shook his head a small smile crossing his face. \"You're going to need those swimming lessons. They'll save your life.\" Jonathan stood up and ushered the rest of the kids back in the pool. Jojo sat down next to Sock her wet hair dripping on his arm. \"So... that happened.\" She mentioned bumping his shoulder. \"What do you mean?\" Sock asked, voice hoarse. Her eyes widen with glee. \"He gave you mouth-to-mouth.\" He blushed again getting a thrill up his spine before frowning. I don't remember that. \"Jojo, he just did it to save my life,\" Sock argued trying to be pessimistic. Jojo countered, \"You got him to smile.\" Well… there is that. \"Tomorrow then?\" \"Tomorrow.\"[Chapter 4] A/N: sorry for the long delay but what with my insane \"hey why don't i read 100 books this year!\" and writer's block with a heaping pile of \"your mood will now cripple you to not feeling up to writing and boredom and who knows what other nonsense i can put just to stop you from even functioning!\" ... yeah, I've... not a good mindset as of late but I pushed myself to write this today, no excuses. here ya go. sorry for it being shorter than the others Out of the Pool 4 Sock was impatient for his next lesson. Sure he wanted to see Jonathan again even if he had to go back to that vile pool. Jojo tagged along wearing her swimsuit and shorts. \"Gotta keep you alive,\" she teased when he asked her why she was going. The pool was the same. Evil in its way of wanting to kill him. Jojo snickered at his expression but patted his shoulder trying to convey support. She wordlessly signal that she was going to be off to the side in case he needed something. Like saving him again. Sock nodded and smiled. Her blue eyes twinkled in mischief. \"Go get 'em tiger.\" Sock boomed with laughter lightening his mood when he temporary forgot the task at hand. Turning around his mood shifted as trepidation set in. Will I almost drown today? Or will no one get to me in time, this time around? More unease settled in his stomach as he sat down waiting for class to beginning. There were new kids here, Sock maybe recognized only one from the other day. But they were all still younger than him. Sock glanced up when he heard the door across the pool open up and Jonathan, all tan skin glorious, walked into the room. Sock felt his heart pick up and his breaths shallow out just staring at him. Curling his hands on the fabric for his swim shorts he resisted looking like a complete dork. Jonathan wasn't smiling this time and only pressed his lips tightly getting down to business. He welcomed everyone for showing up and instructed everyone to enter the pool. Sock got up, already resigning himself at another dance with death when Jonathan placed his hand on his right shoulder. Holy crap! This is NOT a drill. I repeat, this is NOT A DRILL. Jonathan is TOUCHING ME! \"Hey, can you come with me for a sec?\" Jonathan asked. Sock stuttered out, \"S-sure.\" Nodding Jonathan let go of his shoulder and began walking toward where he had come from. Sock sent a panic look at Jojo asking what he should do. She was animated and kept waving her arms for him to go! Scrambling on suddenly two left feet Sock crossed the distance from his idol until they were walking side by side. Before reaching the door Jonathan stopped and bend to pick something up. Sock's heart kept stuttering in his chest at the close proximity of him and the fact that Jonathan asked him to follow him. That he actually noticed him! \"You should put this on.\" It took Sock a few seconds to understand what Jonathan had in his hands, his mind still couldn't accept the reality for Jonathan talking to him. In the older teen's hand was a green lifejacket. \" F-for me?! \" he squeaked surprised. Jonathan furrowed his eyebrows confused by the question. \"Yeah, for you. Based on your history this will most definitely come in handy.\" \"Oh…\" Sock said glumly grabbing the jacket, \"um, thanks.\" \"No problem,\" he replied already looking above his head at the pool. \"Don't take too long,\" he said absentminded as he patted his shoulder again, walked around him, and back to surveilling the pool. Sock fumbled with the clasps before slipping inside and closing it shut. He felt a little ridiculous wearing this while the little kids didn't but he would take that to sinking underwater again. When he was in sight again he looked for Jojo who quickly put a hand over her mouth to keep from laughing. Sending her a withering look Sock jumped into the pool and was surprised how buoyant he was. Am I going to need to wear a lifejacket anytime I'm beside a body of water? Sock had a sinking feeling that that just might be the case. But luckily he wouldn't be sinking this time around. \"Okay, that's it for today. I'll see you guys next week.\" Jonathan announced forty minutes later. Sock was surprised he managed to hold out that long without a single incident. As he dog paddled to safety he pulled himself out and heaved a long breath in relief. Jojo sat next to him dangling her feet into the water. \"Well that was interesting.\" \"What was?\" Sock asked. \"You… and not tanking to the bottom of the pool.\" She teased hitting his green jacket. \"Must be because Jonathan got this thinking about you.\" The blood rushed up to Sock's face. Jojo had a point that was true. \"Do you think I have a chance?\" \"Definite— ly.\" Jojo frowned. \"…oh.\" \"What, what is it?\" Sock asked by her sudden mood change. Turning his head in the direction she was looking he saw a crushing sight. A gorgeous girl around the same age as Jonathan stood there beside him. Her purple hair pulled up into a high ponytail showing her clear brown eyes and a dazzling smile. Her brown skin was blemish free in a way that had skin care companies wishing she was their model. In a loose tee and mid-thigh shorts she tilted her head to press her lips against his. It was casual, nothing flashy, if anything that seemed to hurt more. They were comfortable with each other that they didn't need to show off to the world. Sock slumped in defeat. \"Oh.\" \"Well that certainly puts a damper on our plans.\" Jojo replied still looking at the happy couple. Sock didn't say anything to that. \"What do you plan to do now?\" \"I don't know.\"[Chapter 5] A/N: sorry for the long hiatus. -laughs nervously- um, this is...different from the rest... soooo... enjoy? Summary: sometimes, things don't go according to plan. Really out of the Pool Ice rattled inside the frosted glass as Sock set it down on the counter. Jojo and he were sitting on barstools around his parents' kitchen island. Jojo took another sip of her raspberry lemonade through a straw and raised her brow at her friend. Sock looked back with frustration etching a deep line between his brows. \"I don't know,\" he exclaimed pushing off from the counter and stood up. Jojo calmly watched him pace the space around them. She knew that he had to work out his nervous energy and stayed seated. Waiting. \"Come on Sock, just pick a plan so we can get started.\" \"No,\" he mumbled shaking his head as he continue pacing. Jojo didn't see the holdup it was a solid plan, plans , she mentally added. They had plans but he couldn't pick which one they were going to implement. All of them boiled down to getting the girlfriend to break up with Jonathan, thus freeing him to be with Sock. Simple. Jojo didn't see why Sock was worrying so much. \"I thought you wanted to be with him?\" \"Yes,\" Sock stressed, \"But not like this...\" \"Quit being a baby,\" Jojo rebutted taking a large gulp of her lemonade. Mm, this is really good. \"I'm not a baby!\" Sock twisted around. \"I'm just not so heartless as you are Joane.\" The sound was deafening in the silence that took over after his outburst. Green eyes blinked rapidly as Jojo pressed her lips together and stood up from her seat. Without saying a word she stormed out slamming the front door after exiting. \"Jojo wait!\" She spun around glaring at him, \"So is that what you think? Huh? That I'm heartless. Well you know what, screw you.\" \"I didn't mean that, I'm sorry—\" \"—I bet you did,\" Jojo interrupted feeling her chest tighten. Her heart pounded in her chest the fury blinding her from seeing anyone but her so-called best friend. \"It's what you think of me. It's what everyone thinks of me but I didn't expect it from you. I thought you were my friend.\" \"I am your friend,\" Sock pleaded taking a step closer. Jojo narrowed her eyes at him and took a step back, a step off the sidewalk. Jojo squeezed between two park cars her back turned from the road. \"Liar!\" She took another step back trying to keep her distance from Sock. \"Jojo, please, I didn't mean it. I was mad okay. You know how I am went I get mad. I'm stupid.\" She took another step back when Sock tried to lean forward. \"Please, you gotta believe me. I don't really think you're heartless, I just didn't like the ideas. It just seemed—\" \"—Heartless?\" Jojo shot back. The quick flash of guilt was all the confirmation she needed to know that Sock did believe that. Jojo felt her heart squeeze in pain and felt the prickling of tears. However, she didn't want to show her tears, not with Sock, not with anyone. Maybe that was why her classmates called her heartless. Even if it wasn't true and actually stung more than she would ever let on. Jojo took another step back when she saw Sock take a small step forward. She watched as green eyes went panic wide as he went to reach for her. \"Jojo, look—!\" She wrenched herself back away from his touch and didn't hear the rest of his warning. Pain suddenly radiated from her right side. It's shock waves rattling her core as she was thrown in the opposite direction from the pain. Jojo was on the ground and her head whipped and cracked loudly on the cement. Sock stood motionless as he stared down at Jojo's crumpled body lying on the road. One moment he was trying to pull Jojo back and the next the car had hit her and she flew forward and landed harshly on the road. He hardly took a breath afraid to move, suspended in the air by the sudden tragedy. Tires squealed loudly as the car that had just struck his friend raced away. Sock watched in increasing disbelief but it seemed to pull him back to himself. Running the distance between them he landed by her side. \"Jojo!\" he cried out, his palms protesting at the small rocks dug and pierced the skin of his heels. Sock paid no mind to the minor pain and placed shaky cold fingers to her throat trying to feel a pulse. \"Come on, come on,\" he mumbled to himself as he frantically searched for a pulse. He couldn't feel one but he pushed the panic from his brain. Sock couldn't feel anything but his own pulse beating in his eardrums. Crouching down he placed his ear on her chest. Undiluted relief flooded his system as he heard the faint heartbeat different from his own loud beating. Jojo's still alive. For now , his brain added darkly. Sock yelled for help. He didn't know how long it took for someone to hear him and call for help it felt like eternity. Jojo was half curled against herself like just before being knocked unconscious she was in pain. Sock wanted to shake her. To get her to open her eyes but he remembered somewhere in the recesses of his mind that he wasn't supposed to move her. He heard the sirens an infinite time later. For all Sock knew it could've been another century before the paramedics arrived. Being plucked from his friend's side Sock didn't put up any resistance he just watched as the checked her before mumbling to themselves. After that it became a blur of lights and sounds as more sirens sounded. There was an eeriness to all the commotion and Sock was seated on the sidewalk without a clue how he got there. There was an officer crouching down in front of him, her mouth was moving but Sock couldn't hear her from the buzzing in his head. Something's wrong , he thought. Sock turned his head looking for Jojo but she wasn't inside the ambulance and the ambulance was still here. His heart stuttered in his chest as he felt an iciness seep inside. Around a group of officials he saw it. On the ground. A bright yellow tarp. Sock felt hands holding his shoulders. He didn't know he had stood up and tried walking toward the group. Sock kept looking at the yellow tarp decorating the ground on top of an object. The buzzing picked up volume and he couldn't hear his own quickening breaths or his heart fluttering in his chest. All Sock could see was the damn yellow tarp on the floor surrounded by little yellow cones. Jojo , his mind numbly shouted. What about Jojo? He couldn't accept it. He wouldn't. She couldn't be... A choke sound escaped his throat. It didn't seem human, more like a whimpering puppy than from Sock. Hot tears burned his face. No... \"No!\" strong arms wrapped around him keeping him in place and pulling him away from his friend. \"Jojo! No! Let me go! I have to...\" \"Shh, it's okay, it's okay.\" A low voice soothed into the ear of a distraught Sock. He shuddered closing his eyes against the pain as more tears fell. \"My-my friend... she... she can't...\" Sock whimpered. \"Garcia, get him out of here,\" someone barked. Sock felt himself being pulled away. \"I'm so sorry hun. Your friend—\" Officer Garcia said. \"—No,\" Sock moaned refusing to believe. He went limp in her arms as she continued with the dreaded message. \"Your friend didn't make it. I'm sorry.\" Sock closed his eyes and then everything went dark. A/N: on a scale from one to ten, how much do you hate me now?[Chapter 6] summary: grief can swallow you whole and spit you back out as something completely different in it's dark depths Like how a lit match can transform into a roaring wildfire so did the whisper of one grieving mother turn her daughter's death into something much more. Just like a wildfire devours everything in its path, this particular fire had one target in mind. Sock. Summer was over but its heat still lingered. Sock sat in his room looking outside his window. No one outside could see him, of course, with his curtains closed but he stared off down the street. If he squinted, he could make out exactly where the accident happened. His heart thudded in his chest at the thought. Four weeks, two days, and three and a half hours. Tomorrow was the first day of school. Sock used to be excited about going to high school but it all changed. Jojo wouldn't be going with him anymore. She was dead, he reminded himself. A wave of grief nearly choked him. Tears prickled his eyes from keeping them at bay. He would not cry again; he had no right. It's my fault that Jojo is dead. If I hadn't said no to her plans… if I hadn't called her heartless she'd still be here. Sock angrily swiped his face from the tears that manage to fall. Pushing himself off the window he faced his darken room. Sock's room was stifling in the heat. The A/C wasn't on and with him shut in his room all day and the window and door closed he could feel the beads of sweat. Still, even in the stuffy heat, Sock made no move to leave his room. He laid down on his bed looking at the blank ceiling. Sock could hear his parents moving around the kitchen. They were preparing dinner but he had no appetite. Sock closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep when he heard the footsteps approaching his room. There were two knocks on the door before it opened. Sock kept his steady breathing and waited until his mother gave up and went back downstairs. After another minute he opened them and turned to the side. His open door let the sounds easier to hear. His parents were talking about Jojo's mother again. About the rumors she was spreading and how it was ruining their lives. Already they had decided not to send Sock to school tomorrow and tonight they discussed moving away. However, Sock had had no idea how serious it had became because they already had a house picked out. \"How are we going to tell him?\" Sock's mom asked her husband. Sock could hear the shrug in his father, \"It doesn't really matter. Napoleon already suspects that we're moving. We can't stay here after everything Linda's been saying. I know she's grieving but it's still no way to behave. Especially blaming the accident on our son. Because it was an accident.\" \"I know, I know,\" she replied. There was a pause in their talk as dinner utensils scraped against their plate. Sock held his breath knowing what came next. How Jojo's mom, Linda, blamed him for the accident; how he actually pushed her into the street and was hit by a car. Never mind that the driver drove off and the police were still looking for them, or that he shut himself off for the rest of the summer reliving her death over and over again. Agonizing every detail to see if he could've done something different to prevent it. But no, none of that mattered to Jojo's mother, all she cared about was throwing the blame on a fourteen year old. Sock squeezed his eyes shut and hoped for a dreamless slumber. Sock shot up from his bed breathing heavily. His sheets were twisted around his waist and he had sweat dripping down his body. He took a minute to rearrange his thoughts and realize it was all a nightmare. It was the same one, Jojo getting ran over only this time she went under the car and he could hear every bone breaking under the weight of the car. He shuddered still hearing the snapping of bones. His dreams weren't getting better but Sock never mentioned it to his parents. They had enough to worry about. After the move four months ago Sock started high school and everything seemed normal. He tried so hard to be normal so his parents wouldn't worry but it was reaching the breaking point. Getting up Sock made his way down to the kitchen for a glass of water. It was a lame excuse but it beat laying back down. With a cup in his hands he sipped his drink wondering what Jojo's mom was doing. Was she angry when they moved? Had she stopped blaming him for his friend's death? Sock paused at that thought and placed his glass down on the counter. He walked to the small kitchen window looking out onto the street. A lone figure stood in the middle of the street. Sock couldn't tell in what direction the figure was looking at. A chill ran down his spine when the figure pulled down its hood and smile. They were facing him. Sock ran back up to his room and ducked under his sheets. There was harsh breathing inside his room and he squeezed his eyes shut. \"You killed me,\" the voice hissed. Sock jumped at how close the person was and curled into a ball covering his ears. \"You KILLED me!\" \"I didn't,\" Sock mumbled holding his head between his hands as he felt hands clutch his shoulders. His eyes sprang open and Sock blinked in terrified confusion. His new bedroom was nearly dark with just the small nightlight on. He glanced frantically around for someone else but came up empty. A nightmare. Another one. A nightmare inside of another one. He wanted to sob from the exhaustion. These dreams disrupted his sleep so frequently that he could only get two to three hours of sleep a night. And when this happened so often it eventually added to his overall stress. A new school that alienated him. His parents' relationship on the rocks due to the move. And this overwhelming unjust guilt. Sock had reached his breaking point. Going down the stairs he froze midway down. On the floor were his parents. Dead and bloody. His heart thudded on his neck as he surveyed the room in shock. Looking down Sock saw his own hands coated with dried blood as well as his clothing. He had just killed his parents. In his sleep. ","Summary":" A/N: an unrequited love of younger version of Sock pining for older teen!jonathan Out of the Pool I"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Born to Raise Hell","Author":"Chukfi Losa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12215808","Passage":"[Chapter 1] From the start was Providence, a wise and powerful lady who created this universe because... She felt like it. Providence loved to experiment; combine this with that, squish it down, and see what happens. Elaborate plans were Her forte, although She had a tendency to get absorbed into one aspect and forget the rest. However, after creating so many things – like dirt and chairs and nifty suits… She grew lonely. She was the only thinking, feeling thing in existence, and it was sad to be alone. So, She began to create a companion. It would be nice to have someone loyal and playful like her! And it'd be great to be able to hold them close and run around with them… She wound up creating dogs – and don't get Her wrong, dogs are great! But they don't talk…and they're a lot of work. She tried again. Maybe something not so energetic all the time? Something that makes a nice sound, and is warm and can take care of itself somewhat…and thus, cats. It went on like this over and over again. Each time a different animal was being churned out and ending up not what She wanted, and it made Her sad when they died. So, after the primates failed to be Her helpers, She began making angels. She made them like Herself to begin with: Azrael, Cassiel, Sachiel, Sandalphon, Haniel…. They were lovely girls, and each different, but they were too similar to Herself, and their adoration of Her was touching, but overwhelming. Then She had the idea of a \"male.\" It would be quite different from Herself and the girls…and maybe give Her more of what She wanted. Thus Gabriel, Michael, Uriel, and Raphael came to be, but again, their love was automatic. That wasn't what She wanted at all. They could think and they could feel, but they couldn't choose. And they couldn't change things like She could – only with Her permission. She was almost done with this particular experiment. She could content Herself, but… \"...Okay, maybe the six hundred and sixty-sixth try is the charm...\" She murmured, carefully shaping this being. Immortal, yes, but She'd have him age a bit first. She wanted to watch him develop and change, and that was one thing that would strengthen his difference from the others. But She already knew what he would grow into, molding it into him now. Tall and thin…not the most macho of men, but handsome in his own way. And then, there was the fire. Fire was another creation of Hers, and She wanted to put it to good use in the making of this new little one. Fire could be warm and beautiful, but it could also be very powerful. She wanted him to be warm to the touch and nice to hug, so not only was he filled with hot lava and bright yellow \"blood,\" but the tuft of orange hair on his head resembled a flame, too. She let the new body come to rest in front of Her and smiled as he began to move: the small, cuddly version of Her perfect companion. He sat up and rubbed his eyes, which were still sleepy and closed. \"Hello, Mephistopheles!\" She said with a proud grin. \"Happy birthday, little guy!\" On hearing his name, he opened his bright golden eyes and smiled, giggling cutely at the happy face in front of him. Providence then reached into the pocket of her jacket and pulled out a round, ring-like shape. A halo just for him. All of the other angels She had made before him had one, and now it was his turn. She placed it above his head and it began to glow, staying suspended in the air. Letting out an amused squeak, the redheaded toddler reached up to touch the strange round thing his new friend had given him. Still smiling from ear to ear, Prov then gave his nose a tiny poke. He twitched and sneezed, causing a small pair of wings to fluff out from his back. Finally, She picked him up and gave him a loving hug. The lava and the fire had done its job; he was pleasantly warm, unlike so many of the others who were cool and misty like the cosmos that surrounded them. Sighing happily, little Meph hugged Her back, and Prov kissed his forehead. \"Welcome to Heaven, Mephistopheles.\" He was perfect.[Chapter 2] In the heart of Heaven was a great mansion that belonged to Providence. It stood three stories high and was painted in brilliant white and gold, standing out spectacularly amongst the glowing celestial gardens that surrounded it. Attached to it was a grandiose workshop where Providence spent much of Her time creating new things, including Her angel companions and Her new little Mephistopheles. She hoped that someday this newest creation would be at Her side in the workshop as Her assistant, second opinion and dearest friend... But that would have to wait. For now, he needed to be properly cared for so that he could grow strong and healthy, and since Providence still had much work to do elsewhere – expanding Her realm and continuing to improve it – She was going to need a little help caring for him. So, She called upon two of Her most loyal angels, Gabriel and Michael. Providence smiled as She saw the two of them enter the room. Michael, so energetic, and Gabriel, so nervous and reserved. She chuckled, then said softly, \"Boys, you ready for your new assignment?\" Gabriel nodded sagely, and Michael crowed, \"Yeah! What're we gonna do? Gather star dust? Bring up some of that gooey sea weed?\" Their maker grinned and reached into a small cage-like structure behind Her. \"Nope. You two…\" She turned and showed them the wriggling little boy in purple pajamas, \"...are going to look after your little brother.\" Both of them cautiously approached, amazed by the little red-headed toddler. Gabriel asked slowly, \"So…this is a baby angel? I thought this was Sandalphon's department.\" \"Sandy,\" Michael corrected him. \"She likes to be called 'Sandy.'\" Gabriel just rolled his eyes. Providence cooed as She adjusted Her hold on the child, stating, \"Usually, yes. But I finally made what I wanted, so he's special. That's why I'm giving babysitting duty to you two. You're the ones I trust most with him. He's going to grow up to be very important.\" Michael was excited. \"Aww, man, he's so tiny!\" he exclaimed. \"Can we throw him around? He can fly already, right?\" \"No, no, no, no, no – no throwing just yet.\" She laughed, making Her tiny passenger giggle happily as well. Then She continued. \"No, I just need you two to take care of him while I'm busy creating. Keep him safe and happy, play with him – gently. \" Providence gave Michael a look. \"Teach him how to talk properly and that kind of thing. I'll be doing a lot with him, but you guys get to help.\" The little angel's downy wings were fluttering as he nuzzled into Prov's shoulder, clearly sleepy. Gabriel gave a solemn look and said pompously, \"We would be honored to accept this mission from you, My Lady.\" His cohort nodded vigorously: \"Yeah, for real!\" This earned Michael an elbow to the side for his \"casual attitude.\" Providence was pleased with them, and handed over Her project to Gabriel, causing the child to whimper. He'd never been held by anybody else. \"His name is Mephistopheles, and he'll probably settle down once you put him in his bed.\" She gave the toddler a soft pat on the head, assuring him, \"This is your brother Gabriel, Mephy. He and Michael are going to take care of you while I'm busy, okay? You be a good little boy.\" Gabriel carried the small angel down the hall, Michael following behind him. \"Y'know, Gabe,\" said Michael, \"I don't really get why Her Grace made this little guy...or all those other babies...but you gotta admit, he's pretty cute.\" Gabriel looked down at their new brother, who was still fussing a bit in his arms but seemed to be getting tired. \"Yes...I suppose so.\" He opened the door to the room that Providence had set aside for her latest creation—he was to be the only angel to live alongside Her in the mansion. It was decorated in peaceful blue pastel tones, with a star and cloud motif on the bedding and floor rug. Gabriel placed Meph in the small golden cradle and tucked him in, pleased when the baby angel went to sleep shortly afterwards. \"Well, that wasn't so bad,\" said Gabriel quietly. Michael nodded. \"Yeah, this'll be easy! A piece of angel food cake!\" Meph started crying. Softly at first, but it soon got progressively louder. \"Or...maybe not...\" Looking around frantically, Gabriel found a cute purple rattle on one of the bedside tables and shook it in Meph's face. \"Shhh, it's all right, it's all right...\" Meph just swatted the rattle away and kept crying. \"L-Lemme try something, Gabe,\" Michael went over to the cradle and leaned over his crying brother, covering his eyes and then uncovering them. \"Peek a boo!\" Meph blinked at him for a second, then went back to wailing and screaming, kicking the blanket off himself and wriggling around. \"What's wrong with him?\" Michael yelled. \"Does he miss Her Grace or what?!\" Shaking his head, Gabriel was about to open the door when Providence Herself came in. \"What happened? I could hear him all the way to my workshop!\" While She picked up the desperately upset toddler, Gabriel explained, \"We don't know. He just started whining, and then he cried, and then he screamed!\" Prov shushed the baby, who began hiccupping in his tears and burying his head in Her shoulder. \"Oooh, I think I know what's wrong. Come here, baby, let me help you.\" She snapped her fingers and materialized a little green sippy cup with tiny suns painted on it. \"Here you go, little guy. I got you.\" Meph sniffled and took his cup, drinking the contents and quieting down. Michael slowly lowered his hands from his ears. \"What's that for?\" Providence held Her tiny creation close as She explained. \"This is milk for his stomachaches. I made him with fire and lava, and it makes his poor little tummy get upset now and then. Isn't that right, sweetheart?\" Her question was answered by a little kicking, and a bit of a smile. \"Yeah, there's my happy little man.\" Prov nuzzled him, then turned to the angels. \"I'm sorry, boys; I forgot to tell you about the lava. I'll make sure you have a good supply of milk for him from now on.\" Gabriel stared at his little brother, who was now getting sleepy again. \"He…has to consume things? He feels pain?\" Surprised by this reaction, Prov nodded. \"Er…yes. I told you he was special.\" Michael grinned. \"Woooow, we really do have to take care of him. He's almost like an animal!\" \"No.\" This comment apparently made Prov very unhappy. \"He is not an animal. He's an angel just like the rest of you. He's just capable of more . I made him to be my companion. He has the capability to choose, and to feel. Do you understand? Both of you?\" Taken aback by her anger, the two angels nodded, answering in unison, \"Yes, my Lady.\" \"Good.\" She smiled again, taking the empty cup and setting Meph back down in his bed. \"Now you let him sleep, and I'll be back later to check on you three.\" Kissing the toddler on the head, She got up and patted the other two boys on the back. \"You can handle it from now on.\" Gabriel's eyes narrowed as he watched his maker leave the room. \"I don't like this, Michael. With choice, and without absolute loyalty, there is room for…disobedience.\" Michael nodded. \"Yeah, but he's so little. What harm could he do?\" \"He will grow, Michael. And we'll be waiting when that happens.\" Gabriel glared at the dozing child angel. The seeds of rivalry were already germinating.[Chapter 3] Before long (though time as we know it didn't exist yet), Providence's new little one grew into a playful, boisterous young boy. He was very active and – in spite of the lingering troubles with the lava – very healthy. Just as before, he spent much of his time in the care of Gabriel and Michael, although Providence regularly came to see him in between projects. He was intensely fond of Her and was always sad when She left, even though the bond between Providence and Her creations was so strong that they could always feel Her presence, even if She wasn't around. Now, Mephistopheles had never been to Providence's room in the mansion – not since he was \"born,\" anyhow. Nor had he ever ventured outside the mansion grounds. But he had almost no need to – there was plenty there to keep him busy. There was the great garden full of all sorts of trees and plants, many of which that bore delicious fruits; tastier than anything in the world today, in fact. Though he never truly felt hungry and had no real need to eat food, he enjoyed the taste of the garden fruits, especially the apples. Near the garden was the menagerie where the animals Providence created were kept. He had a nasty habit of pulling the animal's ears and grabbing their tails, but luckily they were all quite tame and never bit him. His brothers especially liked the lions and the lambs, but for some reason or another, Mephy liked the goats and snakes best. He was so fond of the goats, in fact, that Haniel made him a little goat plushie as a gift. On this particular day, however, his usual routine was going to change: it was time for his brothers to give him his first tour of Providence's glorious realm. He was excited about it and ready to go, but first, he needed to wait for Gabriel to finish giving his report to Providence. Presently, he was passing the time in the garden, looking under the rocks for worms and bugs. He spotted Michael relaxing under a tree some distance away and smiled. Maybe they could play for a bit; even though Michael was rough with him, he enjoyed his company more so than pompous, straight-laced Gabriel. The little angel scampered over to Michael and asked excitedly, \"Mike, can we play? Gabe is taking a long time.\" Michael lazily opened his eyes: \"Whatcha got in mind?\" Meph drew closer to his brother and leaned on him, stating, \"Wrestling!\" Michael chuckled softly, raising an eyebrow. \"Kid, you know you always lose against me.\" \"But maybe this time I won't!\" Michael laughed again, sitting up straight. \"Dream on...\" Meph gave Michael a hearty shove, trying to knock him down. The next thing he knew, his brother grabbed him by the shirt collar and pinned him to the ground. \"It's no use, bro. I'm the strongest and you know it.\" Meph scowled, wriggling in the larger angel's grasp, crying, \"Just you wait till I'm bigger, Mike! I'll get you one of these days!\" \"Michael! Mephistopheles!\" A certain plummy voice commanded. The two quarreling angels turned in the direction of the voice and saw Gabriel staring at them with arms folded. Michael laughed nervously and let Meph go, rising to his feet. \"Heh, I-I wasn't expecting you to finish up so soon. I tried not to get him too dirty.\" Meph stood up and brushed some dirt off his clothes and fanned his wings out. Gabriel was always big on cleanliness and order, and Michael and Meph both knew he would be no different today. Gabriel continued staring reproachfully at them for a moment. Then he cleared his throat and said crisply, \"We will be taking our tour now.\" Excited, the smaller angel smiled up at his babysitters, but Gabriel just gave him the usual cold nod, taking his hand securely and pulling him along. Michael followed after, shrugging. The gates of Providence's mansion opened, and Meph was amazed something so big could move without being alive. As Gabriel pulled him through them, he noticed the glittering gold and silver inlays, and how interesting the pictures carved into them were. He'd have to look at them more closely later. Gabriel pulled Meph into the circle of buildings surrounding Providence's mansion and began a long speech. \"Here is where the archangels live. That designation belongs to the angels who were first created by Her Grace, such as Michael and myself.\" Meph immediately interrupted: \"Which house is your house? Do you have nice things inside? Can I see?\" Michael grinned, but Gabriel was highly displeased. \"Mephistopheles! What have I told you about interrupting me?\" \"Um…don't do it…\" Meph frowned and looked up. \"But…\" \"No 'buts,' young angel.\" Gabriel glared at the child; he was the disciplinarian, after all. Meph felt more than a little hurt and angry. Gabriel always did that; he wanted to know things, but Gabriel never let him ask questions to find out. It was like questions were insulting to him. It wasn't a personal attack; Meph was just naturally curious, and since each house was so different from each other, he wanted to know. The base house was always a lovely columned porch with a large mini-mansion behind it, but they were painted in so many different colors and there were so many decorations on some of them. These seemed like interesting places and the child had only wanted to explore. Clearing his throat, Gabriel continued: \"This is known as the first circle. It is the most important other than the central importance of Her Grace, and is where most of the initial orders come down. It is also the smallest of the eight outer regions beyond the mansion. Now if you follow me down this road…\" It wasn't like they had a choice. Meph was dragged away from the first circle and outward, despite trying in vain to see what the other houses behind the mansion looked like. \"Here is the second circle; the seraphs occupy these homes, and this is also the setting for the angel school which you will soon attend, Mephistopheles.\" Gabriel turned to his young charge. \"You must always behave at school. No yelling, no questioning rules, no fighting, nothing at all. You are an angel, not a beast. None of the other angels will tolerate your misbehavior as Michael and I have.\" The idea of Gabriel tolerating anything was absurd, and it took all of the willpower Meph had not to laugh. Michael, however, did laugh, and that earned him a clout to the shoulder. \"You may have gotten a pass before because you were so young,\" Gabriel continued, \"but you have grown, and it's time you learned to behave. And don't you dare think Her Grace will tolerate your misbehavior now either.\" Meph was always a little confused and dismayed when he heard his brothers refer to Providence as \"Her Grace\" or \"Her Majesty\" or anything else of similar formality. To him, She was always just \"Provvy\" – his first and closest friend. He didn't understand why his brothers didn't see Her the same way he did. \"But Provvy's always nice to me,\" he said. Gabriel turned and gave his brother a serious look. \"Don't call Her that.\" \"Why? She doesn't mind.\" \"It's not proper. I know you're closer to Her than the rest of us are, but you must never forget that She isn't just a friend. She's also the master of everything you see, and She won't hesitate to discipline any angel who steps out of line.\" \"What do you mean, step out of line?\" Gabriel's eyes narrowed. \"Haven't I told you about what happens to rebellious angels?\" \"Oh, that ,\" Meph rolled his eyes a little. \"Yeah…they lose their wings and stuff.\" \"And?\" Mephy blinked and thought for a moment: \"…And they get bandied from Heaven.\" \"Banished,\" Gabriel corrected him. \"Sent to The Great Pit for all time.\" Meph raised his eyebrows and tilted his head. He hadn't heard that part before. \"Great Pit? What's so great about it?\" \"Nothing!\" Gabriel shot back. \"Nothing is great about it! It's the one place where Her Majesty's presence does not reach...or perhaps I should say, cannot reach. You'd be separated from Her forever if you wound up there.\" Meph's eyes widened, and he swallowed hard. \"Wh-Why can't it reach there?\" Gabriel hesitated briefly before answering. \"Because She made it that way and She has Her reasons.\" Meph frowned: \"That's what you always say!\" \"Hush!\" Gabriel leaned forward, giving the boy a stern look. \"No more questions.\" Meph looked down, letting his wings droop. \"Now, on with the tour...\" Mephistopheles paid little attention to the rest of the tour, staying quiet the whole time. The rest of his home was certainly full of wonder and beauty – the grand, sparkling buildings of the main city, the glimmering golden streets, the waters as clear as glass, to name but a few things, but he showed no signs of interest or excitement and seemed to be lost in his own thoughts. Gabriel was pleased with the silence; it was rare for Mephistopheles to shut that sassy, questioning mouth of his. But Michael was a little worried. As they headed back to the mansion to take Mephy home, Michael nudged his brother's shoulder. \"You feeling okay?\" \"Y-Yeah...I'm fine...\" Meph answered quietly, still keeping his head down. Michael frowned, unconvinced. \"Having another bellyache? You can have a glass of milk when we get back...\" Meph shook his head. Michael shrugged and didn't ask him any more questions. Meph stayed quiet all the way home, retreating to his bedroom with only a muffled, \"Good night,\" to his brothers. As the two angels left the mansion for their own homes, Michael broke the silence again. \"Gabe...I think you might have scared him with all that Great Pit talk.\" \"He needed to hear it,\" Gabriel answered curtly. \"But he's still just a little guy.\" \"He won't be 'little' forever. If he were to rebel, he could do great harm.\" \"To what? Or whom? Her Majesty wouldn't let anything be destroyed here; She made it all perfect and good!\" Gabriel stopped and looked up at the bright, dancing waves of colorful light in the sky. \"Our Lady is literally playing with fire. I can only hope She knows what She's doing.\"[Chapter 4] Mephistopheles couldn't sleep that night. He was tired from the grand tour and desperately wanted to sleep, but Gabriel's talk of banishment, rebellion and The Great Pit played on a continuous loop in his young mind. The thought of losing his wings was bad enough, but to never see Providence again...that was horrifying. Worse, what if he had \"stepped out of line\" already? What if Providence was already plotting his banishment? And what would be the reason for this banishment? Would it be for the time he snuck up behind Gabriel with a spider and scared him? The time he mussed up the lion's mane and painted his claws pink? The time he climbed up on Uriel's big shoulders yelling for a piggyback ride? He huddled further into the blanket and held his goat plushie in front of his face. \"I'm scared, Binky,\" he said to it. \"Provvy's my friend... She wouldn't kick me out...right?\" He put the plushie close to his ear and squeezed it, causing it to squeak. \"What do you mean, you don't know?\" He squeezed it again. \"You want me to ask her? But Gabe doesn't like it when I ask things! He thinks it's bad!\" Another squeeze. \"Yeah, you're right. Gabe is a stick in the mud. What does he know?\" He got out of his bed with \"Binky\" in tow, heading for Providence's room – a room where few other angels journeyed, and even then, only on certain occasions. He crept slowly and quietly down the hall, placing one foot in front of the other with great care. He had no need to move so softly; there was only himself and Providence in the mansion, but he was supposed to be asleep and he didn't want to get in trouble. Providence's room wasn't too far from his own, and he soon found himself staring at the closed door. The door had a brilliant gold star on the top, with the name \"Providence\" spelled out in block letters painted in the same glittering gold. Below the star and words was the doorknob, which resembled a many-faceted white diamond, twinkling as it reflected light from elsewhere in the room. Meph gazed at the glistening doorknob, clutching Binky tighter. His maker's presence was very strong here, and it made his heart swell with joy, but he was nervous as well. \"I don't know about this, Binky...\" He took a deep breath and knocked on the door, gently at first, then a little harder. Providence answered, \"Who is it?\" Meph was quiet for a moment, stunned that Providence actually heard him. \"Umm...it's me...Mephistopheles...\" \"Mephy?\" She replied cheerfully. \"Come on in, hun; the door's open!\" Relieved that She sounded so happy to see him, Meph opened the door. Providence's room was...surprisingly plain. It was a simple bedroom decked in simple white and beige and cream colored tones, and all around were dark wood tables and dressers piled high with cluttered notes and sketches and what appeared to be rough blueprints. Providence Herself was sitting on the large, plush bed, wearing soft white pajamas, holding an open notebook in Her lap and a golden ballpoint pen in Her hand. She looked over at the young red-headed angel and smiled at him. \"Do you need something, baby?\" Meph shuffled closer to the bed. \"Ummm...I-I can't sleep.\" \"How come?\" She patted an empty spot on the bed. \"Come up here; you can tell me.\" Meph climbed up on the bed and sat next to her, holding Binky close. He looked away from her and said nothing. Providence inched a bit closer to him. \"I love you, Mephy. Don't be afraid to tell me what's got you so down.\" Meph looked up at Her with wide, anxious eyes. \"Do you love me? Do you really love me?\" She frowned in confusion and raised an eyebrow, answering, \"Of course I do. Don't you know? Do you think I don't?\" Meph looked away again and was silent. \"What makes you say something like that?\" He shrugged halfheartedly. \"I... I-I don't know, just...wondering...\" Knowing better than to believe that answer, She put Her notebook and pen down, and then pulled the little angel up into Her lap. \"C'mon, sweetie. You can tell me anything.\" He sniffled and cuddled into Her. \"W-Well… Gabe told me that if I keep asking questions and getting in trouble...\" He held Binky tighter, eliciting a small squeak. \"Th-that I'll lose my wings a-and get thrown in a pit! And you'll n-n-never talk to me again!\" He buried her face in her clothes and sobbed. It broke Providence's heart to see Her little angel crying; his tears so warm they steamed off his cheeks \"Oh no, honey, don't cry. Gabriel's too serious for his own good.\" She gave him a squeeze and nuzzled him. \"He doesn't understand how special you are. You won't get thrown out just for asking questions; you're supposed to be curious.\" \"I... I am?\" Meph cuddled against her, keeping Binky close to him. Providence nodded. \"Of course. I want you to ask questions and see things your own way.\" She kissed his forehead. \"You're perfect the way you are.\" Meph rested her head on Her chest, still sniffling here and there. He felt much better being held in his creator's arms. He stayed quiet for a while, and then looked up at Her again, asking, \"Umm...Provvy?\" \"Yes, honey?\" He fidgeted a little. \"Can I stay in here with you? Just for tonight?\" Providence stroked his bright orange hair softly. \"Of course you can, baby. You and Binky can stay with me and we'll have ourselves a little sleepover. How about that?\" Meph smiled. \"That's a great idea.\" He turned to his plushie. \"Do you like it, Binky?\" He gave him a squeeze and made him squeak. Providence laughed warmly. \"I think he says yes.\" She snapped Her fingers and a plate of star-shaped cookies appeared, along with a glass of milk. Meph's eyes lit up as he took the plate and glass. \"Thanks, Your Majest—I mean, Provvy!\" He started happily nibbling on one of the cookies, but then stopped and looked down. \"Uh-oh, I'm getting crumbs in the bed...\" \"It's all right,\" She said reassuringly, brushing some of the crumbs away. Meph offered half of a cookie to Binky, but of course nothing happened. \"Huh, guess you're not hungry.\" Providence laughed at this, amused. The little redhead finished off his cookies and milk, and flopped on his back in the bed with a contented sigh. Looking up at the finely lit ceiling, he let out a small yawn. \"Getting sleepy?\" His creator asked. Meph frowned and scoffed: \"No way!\" \"Good. That means I can do...this!\" She started tickling him. \"Ackppftth! Stop!\" Meph squealed, laughing and trying to wriggle away to no avail. Then he felt the familiar burning pain in his stomach that made him ill, and he curled up on his side and whined. Providence's face fell. \"Oh, no... got the lava acting up again, didn't I?\" \"Y-Yeah...\" Meph whimpered, curling up tighter. She scooped him up in Her arms and hugged him, holding him close to Her chest. \"I'm sorry, baby...\" Meph clung to her pajamas and sniffled; he had started crying again from the pain. \"It hurts really bad...\" Providence kissed his cheek sympathetically and, with a snap of her fingers, conjured up another glass of milk for him. He took it gratefully and gulped it down, eager for some relief. He let out a big sigh when he finished, a puff of steam escaping his mouth. She gently put a hand on his belly, asking, \"Feeling better?\" He nodded. \"Yeah, a little...\" He laid back in Her arms a bit more. \"Umm...can you sing for me?\" She held him closer. \"I'd love to.\" The boy relaxed his shoulders and smiled as his maker began singing to him, singing in the language of the universe – singing words he didn't understand in his head, but words he certainly understood in his heart. Her soft voice soothed him and healed the pain in his body, and he drifted off to sleep at last. Providence was pleased to see the relief in his face, and She was also pleased to hear the faint little snores that indicated he was in a deep, serene sleep. She pulled back the blankets on Her large bed and gently placed him on it, tucking him in. She was just about to get back to work on Her new designs when She realized She was forgetting something. She took Binky and placed him in the crook of Meph's arm, smiling fondly as he cuddled the plushie in his sleep. Not only had She cured his stomachache, but She knew she had eased his fears as well.[Chapter 5] The next morning, Gabriel and Michael returned to Providence's mansion. It was time for their little brother's first day at Sandalphon's school for young angels, and they had come to collect him. Michael knocked on the door of Mephistopheles' room. \"Hey, Meph! Wakey-wakey!\" Gabriel cleared his throat and joined in, \"You need to get ready for school!\" No response. Michael knocked again, but shrugged when he still got nothing. \"Poor kid, he must be all tuckered out from that big tour.\" \"Then he needs to be un -tuckered out,\" said Gabriel, idly straightening his tie. Michael knocked a little louder and leaned closer to the door; maybe his (presumably) sleeping brother could hear him better that way. \"Look, kid, Gabe felt kinda bad about that whole Great Pit thing...\" \"I never said that!\" Gabriel snapped, his wings flapping out in alarm. Michael just smirked and ignored him. \"Anyway, he wanted to make it up to ya, so he got your breakfast ready.\" Gabriel sighed. \"Yes, there's a big bowl of Cloudy-O's waiting for you in the dining room.\" He rolled his eyes and shook his head. \"Though that wasn't my idea at all,\" he muttered, \"the brat eats too much junk food as it is...\" Again the two of them waited for a response, but never got one. \"What's going on?\" said Michael, scratching his head. \"Open the door and check on him,\" said Gabriel. Michael opened the door and turned on the light. To his immense shock, his little brother's bed was empty! \"Uh...Gabe...\" Gabriel peered over Michael's shoulder. \"What's wrong?\" Then he too saw the vacant bed. \"He...h-he's gone!\" He started looking around the hall in a panic. \"My stars, where can he be?!\" \"I dunno, but we gotta find him!\" said Michael, who was now inside the bedroom looking behind pillows and under the bed. \"We must tell Her Majesty! Hurry!\" Gabriel started sprinting down the hall to Providence's room. Michael joined him with a fearful whimper. \"Aww man, if she thinks we let something happen to him, she'll pluck our feathers out!\" Gabriel reached the door with its gold star and diamond doorknob and knocked on it rapidly. \"My Lady! My Lady! Michael and I need to speak with you at once!\" Providence opened the door with a strict look and a finger pressed against her lips. \"Shhhhhhhh!\" She then motioned with her head and eyes to the bed behind her, in which little Meph was still curled up and sleeping. Gabriel and Michael leaned in for a closer look and were bewildered by what they saw. \"What is he doing in here?\" Gabriel asked quietly. \"How come he's not in his room?\" said Michael. \"He had a little trouble getting to sleep last night,\" Prov explained. \"He heard some things from you guys that really worried him.\" She gave Gabriel a look of disapproval. Michael glanced at his companion. \"Oooh, little brother ratted you out,\" he mumbled in a singsong voice. Gabriel's brow furrowed. \"I was just teaching him the law.\" \"Don't give me that 'just teaching the law' nonsense,\" said Prov, putting her hands on her hips. \"You know I made him different, and you don't like it. Don't you know everything I make is good?\" Gabriel drew back. \"Then why did you give him the capability to not be good?\" Prov glared at him. \"You don't know if I did that!\" \"And I don't want to know.\" Gabriel leaned in closer and glared back at her. Providence stamped a foot and pointed to the door in a huff. \"Get out of here and let him sleep! Both of you!\" She was angry, but she tried to keep her voice down. With timid eyes and wilted wings, the two angels backed out of the room with a halfhearted, \"Yes, My Lady.\" Prov closed the door, shaking her head. Then she turned her attention back to Meph, who was lightly stirring under the blankets, about to wake up. The small angel yawned and nuzzled into Binky, slowly opening his eyes and looking around. He seemed confused at first, then smiled sweetly. He remembered where he was now. \"Good morning, sweetie.\" Prov cooed to him, sitting close by and petting his hair gently. \"It's your first day of school today. You excited?\" Meph nodded and yawned. \"Yeah...school...\" He closed his eyes and started falling back to sleep again, but then his eyes popped wide open. \"School!\" He flung the blanket off himself and jumped out of bed, grabbing Binky by his stubby plush arm. \"That's where I'll learn to fly and sing and play the harp!\" Prov chuckled at his excitement. \"Yep, that's right.\" Meph glanced at his wings. They had grown larger, and the fluffy white down was starting to be replaced by beautiful bronze-colored feathers. \"You think I'm ready to fly, Provvy?\" \"I know you will be soon,\" said Prov, opening the door for him. \"Now, let's pick out your clothes and get your breakfast. Miss Sandy's gonna love you, I just know it.\" Meph scurried down the hall to his room, digging through his dresser for something to wear. He carelessly threw out a myriad of clothes as he searched, and Prov narrowly missed getting hit in the face with a pair of shorts as she entered the room. \"Careful, Mephy!\" Meph looked up from his searching and saw the mess he'd made. \"Oooh, Gabe's gonna be mad...\" Prov smiled. \"Don't worry.\" She snapped her fingers and the clothes instantly returned to the drawers, organized even more neatly than before. \"Let me help you, baby.\" She looked around in the drawers and pulled out some good choices. \"Okay, which do you like better?\" Meph looked at her two ideas and smiled, pointing to the outfit on the left. \"That one!\" Prov nodded and handed him the clothes. \"Good choice. You'll look cute in this. The blue will make your hair stand out nice.\" Meph took the outfit and stepped behind a folding screen decorated with stars and clouds, throwing his pajamas over the top edge. Then he stepped out dressed in his school outfit, smiling proudly with his arms out. \"Ta-da!\" Prov smiled and clapped a little. \"Looking good!\" Meph then dashed out of his room and to the staircase, sliding down the handrail (something Gabriel never permitted, but he knew Providence wouldn't mind). He scampered to the dining room eager to find something good (like Cloudy-O's), but to his dismay, Gabriel had instead set out a box and bowl of Enriched Stardust Flakes, a \"healthy\" cereal that Meph hated. The little angel made a disgusted face and pushed the bowl away. \"Yecch!\" Providence, who had followed him to the dining room and was now standing behind his chair, chuckled softly. \"C'mon, Mephy, that stuff's good for you.\" Meph just pouted and crossed his arms. \"I don't like it! Fix it!\" \"All right then...\" Prov snapped her fingers and changed the Stardust Flakes to Cloudy-O's. Now that it was more to his liking, Mephistopheles dug into the cereal eagerly, little flutters of his wings showing his enjoyment. Prov was glad her tiny charge was happy, even if she would rather he liked the healthier option. Finishing his cereal, Meph got up and asked, \"Provvy, can I have some apples for the class?\" \"What for?\" said Providence. \"I...uhh...I wanna give 'em to everyone. You know, as presents.\" The creative lady cooed softly, \"Oh, sweetie, that's so kind. Of course you can!\" She made a note of this and hoped to later implement this idea, apples for school. It sounded good. Meph grabbed his yellow backpack and went to the garden to pick apples, snickering. He spent so much time in the garden that he knew every tree, and he strategically picked the apples that he knew would have worms in them. \"Heh, this'll get a good laugh,\" he muttered to himself. He enjoyed pranks, even when others didn't. When he'd gathered enough apples, he headed back to Prov, who was waiting at the front doors. Prov chuckled as she took his hand, noting the heavy lumpiness in his backpack. \"All right, baby, let's get going.\" Meph was about to walk out with her, but then stopped, eyes wide. \"Wait!\" He let go of his maker's hand and ran back upstairs, then came back carrying his beloved goat plushie. \"Heh...can't forget Binky!\" The Angel Academy, though by no means as splendid as Providence's mansion, was nonetheless a large, beautiful building made of marble and adorned with delightful, shimmering gemstones. It took some effort for Meph to get up the stairs with the heaviness in his backpack, but he thought the look on everyone's faces when they got their \"surprise\" would be worth it. He found his classroom—a bright, colorful room perfect for angel children like himself—and was promptly greeted by his teacher, Sandalphon—or \"Miss Sandy,\" as the young ones (and others) called her. She looked at Meph and smiled warmly. \"Hello there. I'm Miss Sandy, and I'll be your teacher.\" The little angel toddled over and stood next to her, and she took his hand gently. \"Class, this is Mephistopheles. He lives with Her Majesty in the mansion. Say hello.\" The other little angels said \"Hi!\" in a smattering, and Meph felt his wings fluff out. He took the backpack off his shoulders with a smile and unzipped it. \"I brought treats for everyone!\" His fellow classmates gathered around him and his open backpack, peering inside. Eagerly, they each grabbed an apple and took a bite...only to find worms popping out immediately afterwards! They all screamed and dropped their apples in horror—except for one pudgy boy angel who just shrugged and kept eating—while Meph just laughed, loving every minute of this. Then he heard the thump thump thump of someone angrily tapping their foot behind him. He turned around to see Gabriel standing with his arms folded and a disapproving frown upon his face. \"G-Gabe!\" Meph said in surprise. Gabriel glowered at his brother. \"Mephistopheles,\" he said, raising an eyebrow, \"why did you give all the children bad apples?\" Meph shrugged. \"Because it was funny?\" \"It was not funny!\" Gabriel leaned down till he was nearly nose to nose with the smaller angel, \"Behavior like that is what makes angels fall!\" The color rushed out of Meph's face, and his tiny body tensed, \"G-Gabe...i-it was just a joke...\" \"Jokes like that will be the end of you, Mephistopheles,\" he hissed quietly in reply. Seeing the distress and having dealt with the other students already, including gently taking the core and fearful caterpillar from the chubby angel, Miss Sandy came and put a hand on Meph's shoulder, \"Gabriel, dear, no one got hurt, and I'm sure that whatever you just told him has made him suitably sorry.\" Meph clung to Sandy's dress, his tearful golden eyes looking up at her. Huffing, Gabriel stood up and said curtly, \"He's in your care now, Sandalphon. See to it that you remove that rebellious streak from him. Michael and I have not been successful thus far.\" He adjusted his shirt and left, nearly slamming the door in his annoyance. With the source of the tension finally gone, Sandy leaned down and hugged Meph close, \"Oh sweetie, don't mind Gabe. He's always been too rough on little ones.\" She pet his hair gently as her new charge sniffled. \"You're safe with me, my little poodle.\" He didn't like the nickname, but the love behind her words made him believe her and hug tighter. \"Th-thank you…\" Cooing, she picked him up and set him on her hip. \"Would you apologize to the class though? They weren't very happy about the worms.\" Nodding, Meph turned to the other kids, who were looking at him. Some were worried, some were confused, and some were obviously very mad. He said softly, \"S-sorry...I just wanted to make you guys laugh...\" \"I'm proud of you for apologizing, Mephistopheles. That was very grown up.\" Sandy kissed his forehead, then said to the class, \"And what do we do when someone is sorry, children?\" A soft chorus of \"we forgive you\" came from the kids, though some weren't as sincere as others. Sandy nodded approvingly and asked, \"Do you feel better now?\" Meph wiped his eyes and nose on his sleeve and nodded again. \"Okay then, poodle. I'm gonna set you down and you go sit with the class. We'll get back to lessons and then have recess after a bit.\" Sandy put the shamed angel back on his feet, and the boy toddled off toward the back. \"Alright. Now, class...\" Later that day on the playground, all the other students were playing, and Meph stood nervously at the edge with Binky in his hand. \"You think they're still mad about the worms?\" he said to Binky, giving him a squeeze. The plush goat squeaked. \"Yeah, they said they forgive me. They'll all be nice to me now.\" He stuffed Binky into his pocket and headed towards the playground. Then he heard someone approaching him from behind, and turned to see three of the older students towering above him. \"So,\" said their leader, \"you're Our Lady's little favorite, huh?\" He was a big kid; strong, barrel-chested, and about twice as tall as Meph was. Providence's favorite? Meph always knew he was special, but he didn't know how to respond to this. \"Uhhh...\" Another boy, not quite as big as the first but still intimidating, sneered at him. \"Don't bother answerin', brat. We already know all about you.\" Meph pressed his wings tightly against his back. \"Who are you?\" The first boy smirked. \"Name's Camael, and these are my boys Ophiel and Habriel. Gabe told us about you a long time ago.\" Meph blinked. \"He...he did?\" \"Yeah,\" said Ophiel. \"Let's get him, Cam!\" said Habriel. Meph hunched up his shoulders and started backing away. \"I-I said I was sorry about the apples!\" \"Oh, this ain't about that,\" said Camael. \"Gabe says you're gonna screw everything up around here.\" \"So we're gonna make sure you never do,\" said Ophiel. As Meph continued trying to get away from these scary boys, Binky fell out of his pocket and landed on the ground. The three strong boys' eyes immediately fell on the little plush. \"Aww, lookie here,\" said Ophiel. \"He brought his little dolly,\" said Habriel. \"He's not a dolly!\" Meph shouted. \"He's a goat and he's my friend!\" He tried to pick up Binky, but Camel snatched him up before Meph could reach him. \"Oh yeah?\" said Camael. He clutched the plushie tight and ripped its head off its body with his strong arms, then tossed the pieces at Meph's feet. \"How about now?\" Meph gasped loudly. \"Binky!\" He wailed, dropping to his knees and sobbing. Camael and his goons laughed at Meph, but were interrupted by a little girl's voice. \"Leave him alone, Cam!\" The three bullies turned around to see seven other angels, only a bit older than Meph was. The oldest among them was a girl with fire-engine red hair, and she stood at the front of the group with her arms folded. \"He didn't do anything to you, Cam! You're a meanie!\" A pudgy male angel stuck his tongue out at the older kids. \"And you smell!\" Camael huffed, glaring at the children. \"You brats should mind your own business.\" Finally, a light blue haired boy stepped up, hands crackling with lightning. \"What did you call me, Cam?!\" Ophiel saw the lighting and gulped. \"Aww, geez, it's Ramiel...\" \"A-And he's doing that lightning hands thing!\" Habriel chimed in. \"Let's get outta here!\" Ophiel yelped, running away with Habriel following suit. Camael scowled. \"Ophie! Habbs! Get back here!\" But they paid him no mind and kept running. He groaned and shook his head. \"Buncha cowards...\" He turned to Meph. \"I'll be back for you, you little brat!\" He then took off after his fainthearted toadies. Meph looked up at his rescuers. \"Th-thank you...\" The seven little angels crowded around him and the redheaded girl grinned. \"We had to save you. You're the new kid.\" The lightning boy nodded. \"Yeah, and those jerks tried to scare us when we were new, too.\" \"But Rammy knows how to scare 'em off,\" added the pudgy one. Meph let his wings come unstuck from his back, still sniffling but trying to smile. \"What's your name?\" he asked the girl. \"I'm Azazel,\" she said, \"and my friends are Ramiel, Shamsiel, Turiel, Kokabiel, Bezaliel, and Penemiel.\" \"It's nice to meet you,\" said Shamsiel, a blonde bespectacled boy. \"Oh yeah, and thanks for the apples,\" Penemiel, the chubby one, said with a grin. Meph nodded, then looked down at the torn remains of his plushie and started crying again. \"Don't worry about your toy,\" said Bezaliel, a violet haired girl, picking up the pieces. \"Yeah, like, Miss Sandy can fix him up good as new,\" said Turiel, a shaggy haired boy with disheveled clothes. \"That's a nice little goat,\" said Kokabiel, a green haired girl with eyes equally as green. \"Wish I had a toy like that...\" \"C'mon, Mephy,\" said Ramiel, \"let's go find Miss Sandy.\" Meph followed Ramiel and the rest of his new friends. \"Umm...can I hang out with you guys? I'm afraid Cam's gonna come back soon...\" \"Sure!\" said Azazel. \"If he comes back, I'll show him who's boss,\" said Ramiel. \"Cam looks mean, but he's a sissy,\" said Penemiel. \"Yeah, he's not like Gabe,\" said Shamsiel. \"Now he's scary.\" Meph's wings went up in surprise. \"You know Gabe?\" \"Yeah,\" said Shamsiel. \"He comes in sometimes to help Miss Sandy. He told me I was gonna fall too.\" \"Like, he said that to all seven of us,\" said Turiel. \"He said I was gonna go to The Great Pit 'cause I wouldn't share my lunch,\" said Kokabiel. Meph winced at the mention of that dark place. \"You...you know about The Great Pit too?\" \"Like, totally,\" said Turiel. \"That's where bad angels go.\" \"I know that,\" said Meph, \"but what makes an angel bad?\" They all stopped walking, their faces growing serious. Shamsiel looked down, deep in thought. \"A bad angel,\" he said, \"is one that doesn't obey Her Majesty.\" \"B-But what does that mean?\" said Meph, unsatisfied with this answer. Turiel shivered and started walking again. \"Like, let's stop talking about that, man! It gives me the creeps!\" The others started following him. Shamsiel turned to Meph. \"Come on, let's just find Miss Sandy and fix your toy.\" Meph sighed and reluctantly joined them, still troubled. Life as an angel was mysterious, and apparently so were the rules of Heaven. He could only hope that he understood more as he grew...[Chapter 6] With recess over, it was time for flight lessons. Mephistopheles had looked forward to this part of the school day more than anything else. He had often seen his brothers, with their large wings, flying to and fro around the mansion grounds while serving Providence, and he wanted to be like them. He stood eagerly at the edge of the flight course, alongside his seven new friends, waiting for the lesson to begin. Uriel, the Angel Academy's flight instructor, soon arrived. Meph had met him before; he was a large, bulky man with broad shoulders, and his beard and hair were a bright emerald green that contrasted his dark skin. \"All right, you tweety birds,\" he thundered at the students, hitting his palm with his fist. \"I've got a challenge for you all today.\" He gestured with his arm to the obstacle course behind him. It was a large course, with many sharp turns, brightly colored hoops to be flown through, and tall posts to avoid running into. \"Think you're ready for it, kids?\" Meph eagerly hopped in place.\"Yes! Yes yes yes!\" His little wings were fluttering excitedly, and the other kids started catching his enthusiasm. Soon there were many fluffy feathers floating around. Uriel nodded approvingly. \"Alright. We'll go by name order, pairing off.\" The little ginger angel groaned and folded his arms to pout. He'd have to wait forever! His name was in the very middle and there were so many kids with higher names. Sitting down, he waited his turn with his friends. Penemiel sat next to him, mumbling as he took something out of his lunchbox. To Meph, it looked like a glob of melted cheese wrapped up in something flat. \"Cheer up, Mephy, said Penemiel. \"At least ya don't have to wait as long as me, right?\" Meph nodded. \"Yeah…I guess so.\" He wondered if Pen's wings could even lift him up. \"Ahhh, flyin's easy. Don't worry.\" Pen took a bite out of his snack. \"I'm not worried at all!\" Meph grinned. \"I take good care of my wings, so I'll be able to fly really well. Provvy said so.\" Pen tilted his head. \"Who?\" \"Oh...I mean, Her Grace,\" said Meph. He looked closer at the thing Pen was eating. \"What's that?\" Pen smiled. \"It's a cheese burrito. Wanna taste?\" He handed it to Meph. Meph made a face at the teeth marks and oozing, runny cheese. \"Eughh...not now, thanks.\" \"More for me, then!\" Pen stuffed the rest of it into his mouth. So Meph waited...and waited...and waited...until he heard Uriel call, \"Next up, Mephistopheles and Metatron!\" Meph sprung to his feet, wings and feathers all in a flurry, and dashed to the starting point of the course to join his flying partner. Metatron was older than Meph and his seven new friends, and was a sleek, stone-faced lad with silvery wings and a streak of white in the middle of his jet-black hair. He glanced down at the younger angel, inspecting his wings with great gravity before rolling his eyes and shaking his head. Meph found that rude; why did the older angel act so... displeased with him? Uriel blew into his whistle, the shrill sound blasting both angels out of their reverie. \"Go!\" Metatron took off right away, so fast that Meph barely saw him go. Eager to catch up with him, he leapt into the air and starting flapping his wings...which didn't do what they were supposed to do, and he fell flat on the ground. He got up and tried again...and he still couldn't do it. He whined, trying over and over again to no avail, just leaping into the air and falling right back down again no matter how hard or fast he flapped his wings. After Meph had struggled with his wings for a long while—and was now on the verge of tears—Metatron had already made it back to the start of the course, landing perfectly with a proud grin. Uriel looked down at the younger angel, raising an eyebrow. \"Why can't ya get off the ground, kid?\" 'Tch, isn't it obvious?\" said Metatron with a sarcastic sneer, pointing at Meph's wings. \"He hasn't yet shed his juvenile plumage.\" Meph, who had fallen flat on his face again, looked up at his smug classmate. \"Wh-what?\" Uriel sighed. \"He means ya still got baby feathers. That's why you can't fly.\" He helped Meph to his feet and brushed some dirt off his clothes. \"Better go back to the bench, kid.\" \"But I wanna keep trying!\" Meph pleaded. \"You heard Uriel,\" Metatron barked, pointing to the bench. \"Go sit down.\" Meph hung his head and shuffled back to the bench, wiping away his tears. He sat down and whimpered into his sleeve. Shamsiel was beside him, still waiting his turn. \"Why are you crying?\" \"C-Cause I have b-baby feathers...\" said Meph, still crying and not making eye contact with his friend. \"A-And I can't fly...\" He sniffled. \"Stupid wings...\" Shamsiel scooted closer to him. \"I don't think they're stupid. I think they're pretty—uh, I mean, shiny. Yeah, they're shiny. They're good wings.\" Meph stayed silent and ignored him. Sham just shrugged and continued waiting for his turn. So much for trying to be encouraging... Meph was quiet and downcast for the rest of the school day, just keeping to himself and cuddling Binky (whom Miss Sandy had sewn back together) for comfort. When Mike came to pick him up, and saw how sad he was, he knew something was wrong. Meph had been excited about school; why was he acting so depressed about it all of a sudden? \"Everything okay, little bro?\" he asked. \"Yeah...\" Meph answered quietly. Mike was unconvinced. \"Did you have a bad first day of school?\" Meph shook his head. \"I just...wanna go home...I miss Provvy...\" Mike nodded. \"Ahh, ya got homesick. I see. Well, I'm sure Her Majesty missed you too. She'll be glad to see you.\" When they arrived at the mansion, however, Meph didn't go looking for Providence. Instead, he headed straight for the garden with his head down. He passed right by his favorite apple trees, his favorite animals...he ignored all the things that usually brought him joy whenever he came out there, and instead made his way to a small pond in the middle of the garden. He looked at his reflection in the water, flaring out his wings so he could see them. Then he turned around to inspect them more closely. His wings were very different than those of his brothers and his friends; they were a dark blackish-bronze, and had a rough, jagged, almost bat-like shape. But what struck his eye the most were the patches of fluffy white down that still remained, the down that Metatron (and Uriel) had so rudely told him was the reason he couldn't fly. Baby feathers... thinking about that statement made his throat burn and his eyes water, trying in vain to hold back the tears. Angry at himself, at the feathers, at the other angels, he tried to pull the down off , yelping from the pain. A few drops of golden ichor dripped from the torn feathers, and it was enough to start the water works. Meph curled up in a ball and wailed. He was the worst angel in Heaven; he couldn't fly, Gabe was always scolding him, and he was sure this would be the last straw for Prov to send him to The Great Pit. There was a soft step, and he turned to see Providence kneeling next to him. \"Was it all that bad, sweetie?\" Despite the embarrassment and everything else, Meph couldn't stop himself from clinging to Her and sobbing. The gentle lady let Her hands slide over his injury, cooing, \"Baby, no, you shouldn't hurt yourself. Why are you making your beautiful wings bleed?\" \"Take 'em off!\" Meph cried. \"I hate my wings! I hate 'em! I hate 'em!\" \"Why do you hate them?\" said Prov. \"I made them especially for you.\" \"Th-they don't work...\" he mumbled, nuzzling into Her chest. \"T-Too little….I'm a baby.\" \"No, you've grown a lot.\" Prov healed the wound good as new, picking Meph up in Her arms. \"If you're talking about your fluffy feathers, those will grow out in time.\" \"B-But they laughed at me….I-I can't fly!\" \"Not yet.\" said Prov, stroking Meph's hair. \"But you will someday.\" Meph clung to Her a little tighter, whimpering softly. \"What if I never do? Will that...\" He paused and wet his lips, \"...will that make me a bad angel?\" \"Oh honey, no,\" Prov assured him. \"I'll still love you even if you never learn to fly.\" Meph looked up at her. \"You mean it?\" \"Of course. Besides, if you didn't fly, it would give me more time to admire the wings I gave you.\" She held one of his wings gently, stroking the feathers. \"Awww, who could ever hurt something so pretty?\" Meph's eyes got teary again, and he wiped them away with one hand. \"I-I'm sorry I tried to pull them off...\" Prov held him closer. \"It's all right. Now, who laughed at your feathers?\" Meph frowned. \"It was Metatron. He was really rude.\" \"Ah, Tronnie,\" said Prov with a soft chuckle. \"I should have known. I'll have a talk with him about that. No one should laugh at you just because you're different.\" She stood up, carrying Meph in Her arms and heading back to the mansion. \"But right now, you'd better get some rest. And starting tomorrow, I'll have Mike give you some flying practice. He'll know how to help you.\" Meph nodded and yawned. Then he glanced up at the sky and gasped, eyes twinkling. \"The stars are out!\" Prov smiled. \"I know.\" \"Did you really put them all up there?\" \"Yes. And I know every single one. They're all mine.\" She opened the door to the mansion and carried Meph down the hall to his room. Sensing how tired he was, She waved a hand over him and changed his school clothes to pajamas, then tucked him into bed. \"I want you to remember something, Mephy. No matter what anyone says, or how much they laugh, or what names they call you, you'll always be mine.\" She kissed him on the forehead. \"And I love everything that's mine.\" Meph's eyes were already closed by the time she finished, but he still heard Her words clearly, and his heart was warm with joy and peace. ","Summary":" From the start was Providence, a wise and powerful lady who created this universe because... She fe"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Your Life is My Life","Author":"yayuijun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10933703","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AUTHOR'S NOTE Hey yow ~ First of all thank you for choosing this book as your reading material. I know most of you guys just having a quick look about this book and it's fine by me. I am a big ….wait.. a HUGE fan of Elijah Wood and there's only few of Elijah wood fanfic. So I thought, what if I do my own fanfic ? . I know Elijah have the cutest face on this earth but I really want to see his badass side. You know kick someone's ass , being a punk, fighter and mystery shit, you know …the bad boy stuff . There's only two or three roles Elijah act like I listed down but it always one or two from it . Have you watched the Green Street Hooligans movie? ( Not yet ) – Well you better be, my friend ! It is an extraordinary movie and I love it . In that movie you can see a bit of badass side of Elijah Wood guess what? The sexy beast Charlie Hunnam in the movie too * wink (ಠ‿↼ ) wink *. The other reason why it is better to watch or even know about the movie is because this fanfic related to it so you won't be confuse while reading my fanfic (YES YES YES) - * bowed * you may proceed the first chapter, lad . (Green Street what….?) ….(￣▽￣ )ノ eh… Σ(゜ロ゜ ;) seriously…[Chapter 2] \" Hey , Alex is here ! Wow , I must be busy if I couldn't pick this up . Leave a message after this beep . BEEP ~\" \" Hi , Alexis Smith ? this is me Elle Copper . Your new roommate for this year .I passed some trains and kind of lost here and I just found the correct route that are near the residence halls. I might be coming late maybe late night- Ah ! the next train is coming \" A blonde hair girl noted herself in the crowd as soon the operator announced .She ended the voice call from her IPhone and keep it inside the pocket of her blue denim jeans. She sustain the load of her luggage with two of her hands as she stepping down the stairs in fast pace. \"Ugh this is heavy\" she groaned, fixing her other haversack that about to slip down from hanging onto one side of her shoulder. As soon as her feet touch the landing, she felt something touch her high cut boots from opposite direction. Her cornflower blue eyes gaze on the ground and picked the crumbled paper. She wanted to throw it to the nearest dustbin, however she feels this is no any normal paper by the look of it and has made her curious to know what's inside. \" [HARVARD UNIVERSITY at Cambridge in Commonwealth of Massachusetts. - Matt Buckner, Diploma in Mass Communication (In Journalism).]\" she murmured under her breath . \"Why would a person throw such a valuable certificate\" She looked around pacing back and forth, trying to find the owner nearby. \"Hmm, it's quite near from my university, maybe I can drop by to Harvard University tomorrow.\" She unzip her bag and slip nicely inside a file while walking towards the waiting line. The girl took a quick glance to her right as she notice a man , few inches tall than her , wearing Henry Lloyd turi jacket in navy color , lowered his head and muttered something . The neck of the jacket covered his side of his face and she couldn't see properly even she was few feet from each other. The sound of the arriving train distracted her as the wind blows her long wavy hair. Getting ready to pull up her suitcase from the right side, the man trudge on the yellow line, lean towards slowly as the head of the train appeared in medium speed from the dark tunnel. \"Hey! You're too close on the edge!\" she alerted to the dark brown haired man as she grabs and pull in his body by his left arm firmly . The man swift his head to face her. The girl paused for a split second as she made her first eye contact to the man. She has never seen such a brilliant electric blue eyes in her life before. She would stare at those eyes in days without any words if she could. With his pale skin, decorated with few scars on his left eye brows, pink lips and little facial hair on his jaw line, any girl would fall for that. Even with that baby face of his. \"I'm sorry\" he simply replied to her went inside the train and sat at the empty sit near the door. She was taken back to the real world after he breaks the tension. She blinked her eyes 2 or 3 times and shook her head. She proceeds entering the train and sat down not so far from the door. Even from afar she would still have the interest to have a peek on the mysterious man. \"What are you doing Elle?! Staring at some random guy in the subway\" she scold herself, put on her earphone to escape her feeling by the sound of music. Each and every stops people come and go. I guess that's how life is, isn't? At one station, few minutes are needed for the next ride. A pregnant woman and her young boy entered and were looking around for some place to sit. The blue eyes man woke up from a short nap and aware of the lady. He stood up and gives his seat to her. \"Thank you, dear\" the lady expresses her gratitude while he responded with a sincere smile. He would stay another couple of stops till his real destination but decided to stroll in the streets and have some fresh air. A loud chattering sound increases as a group of men with jackets entered the train while he is about to walk out and shove his shoulder. He shot his sharp glare when the leader of the gang snatches the lady's seat. 'Whaccha looking at, kid? Go home! Go home do some homework\" one of the member said harshly. \"Give the lady her seat unless…\" \"You're also pregnant\" he mocked, putting his head into his pocket jacket. \"What did you said , punk?! \" the group line side by side facing him , as one of the member yank his collar jacket . Elle was drawn away by argument are happening in front of the open door. Most of the occupant inside the train aware of it as well and some took their smartphones to record the scene. \"Three more minutes before the departure\" the operator announced. The man rolled his eyes to his side, acknowledge the door unclose behind him. \"You heard me\" He provoked . \"Such a pity this baby face of your going to be damage real soon\" The bald member, threatened as he was ready to swing his fist to him \"60, 59, 57…\" he mumbled and immediately avoided the fist, tilted his head and grabs the person (who yanked his collar jacket) at the forearm and carried the body outside the train and continue to elbowed the bold man on the chin that had made him repelled . \"50, 49, 47 …\" he mumbled again, while taking all of the men at once by avoiding their attacks giving a miss throw to the opponent and kicking them out . \"He's counting\" she thought in amazement. He stall the time until the last 5 second, giving some counter attack. The last person to stand was agitated and hesitated to have a fight with him and showing his white flag. \"and don't ever call me baby face again\" he stated, making the last member of the gang stepping out from the train at the time the door shuts . \"I better not call him baby face for now on\" Elle warned herself . \"That was amazing, one day I want to be just like you ! \" the boy declared with full of excitement . \"Protect your mother, kid, and always be there for her , okay?\" he ruffles the boy's curly hair while level himself to the boy's height as the mother gives a warm smile . \"I will!\" he confirmed. Everybody cheered and try to give their seats to him but he decline kindly and walk to another cart, and passed by Elle to find some peace . \"It's a shame, I didn't get the chance to know his name\" the lady sighed. Suddenly a voice from the crowed was raised and a said \" He Matt Buckner,\" \"oh, yea, Buckner , the Harvard student , am I right ?\" \"True that , you aint wanna get a fight with that guy , he would make you like shit , if you ask meh\" People was agreeing and nodding to the entire rumor their share. \"Wait… Matt Buckner? \" Elle finally realized. He's the owner of the certificate she's hold onto. She pulls out her head to track his trail to another cart. Seeing his presence are no longer near, she decided to give him later. [Harvard ] the operator announced the next stop. \"Few people come out from the train and one of it was the man , Matt Buckner , walking out from the under tunnel .Waiting few seconds, Elle exit from the train , struggling holding her baggage as she followed him from behind. Being his shadow was not easy task for Elle as he always in fast pace and his path was clearly not a save route for a girl to walk alone. The moment he went for a turn to the alley , She sprint and without she notice he was gone . \"Damn it … I lost him again .\" she whimpered then suddenly her body froze , as she heard mice squeak, passing by beside her. The mice stopped and looked at her as she look at it for few second before she scream from the top of her long so does the mice . \"I better get out of here.\" she sighed, examined the condition of the alley. \"Hello there darling, come on, let us buy you some drink, a couple of drunken man, (students maybe?) blocked her way out . \"shit…\"she cursed \"uh …. There is no need to do that. If you please, I need to head home\" she rejected softly trying to make herself way out. \"That's not nice, pretty face, we're offering a good deal here come on \" playing with her green scarf , the men refuse to let her go . \"Leave her be \" a familiar voice catches their attention . \"Show you face, you coward\" the man challenged. The man she's been hunting reveals himself from the dark. \"What did you say to me ?\" \"oh shit ! man , it's Matt Buckner , let's go man\" they pulling themselves out and leave the scene . \"you're following me . Why?\" he glared as he approaches her . \"I…. I ….\"She stuttered, looking up and down for an answer. \"Bloody hell I forget the reason I followed you!\" she cried, holding her head with both of her hand in panic. \"what is wrong with you? Don't you know it's dangerous to strolling around in this hour? God know what will happen to you if I weren't here\" he scolded, making her lean on the wall. She yet again was astound by her big blue eyes , leaving her mouth slightly open .In a way , their gaze upon each other calm themselves .The moonlight lightens up her skin and sparkled her cornflower blue eyes. \"Wow…she has the beautiful eyes I even seen\" He thought in his mind. Her bag from her shoulder slide down to the ground, breaking the silence. \"Yes, I'm aware of that .I'm grateful, I really do. I'm sorry if I have troubled you in any way. I will leave now\" she speak softly, lowering her gaze. \"Please forgive my rudeness. I didn't mean to yell at you. I should be the one thanking you . You have saved me\" he exclaimed while rush to hold a nearby cab. \"Huh? From who\" she asked , pulling her suitcase, to the cab while he carried the haversack to her. He shuts the door for her and answered. \"from myself….I hope this is our goodbye\" He tapped the taxi roof and the taxi drove her away. Looking back at him from the back of the cab, she murmured something under her lips \"I hope it's not our last\" Elle still in her dreamland while she give a long look on her haversack . before blinking her eyes. \" AH! THE CERTIFICATE! NOW I REMEMBER!\" . He walks in opposite direction and zipped his jacket until the neck from the cold breeze. As the sound engine from the car fades, he took a step back and turned his head to the empty street.[Chapter 3] Chapter 2 : Roommates . \"Hi Alexis. Sorry I'm late. It's me Elle Copper. \" Elle greeted her new roommate in front of the room as she put down her luggage by her side. A redhead girl around her age opens the door as they finally meets Elle's eyes . She has a short wavy hair and covers all her forehead with her bangs. Her complexion was fair with a dusting of freckles. She has a beautiful dark brown eyes and was wearing a grey sleeveless shirt with Nike logo in the middle and a short pants just below her knees. This girl certainly look pretty toned up based on the muscles on her hand as an Adidas white towel around her neck, wiping with off her leftover sweats. \"Ah ! Yes . You're the person who leaves a lot of voice messages, aren't you? Call me Alex. It's really nice to meet you, Elle ! I didn't see you during the orientation week.\" she reached out her hand for a firm handshake to Elle. \"It's a pleasure to meet you too, Alex .I had a problem during that week that I couldn't attend.\" She smiled as she explained to the sporty girl. \"Oh , It's no big deal . It's Just the orientation. It was boring after all .Not a big deal much.\" She chuckled. \"Oh come in, please\" she stand aside to make way for Elle to past through. \"Let me help you with that\" Alex took one of Elle's bag place it beside her bed. \"Thank you, Alex\" she smiled and noticed how huge their room is for only 2 person. She observed Alex's side that was full of sport brand product from the bed sheet until her water bottle. Ella let out a loud sigh as she fall on the soft bed. \"Which part of England?\" Alex blur out with a question. \"London\" The blond girl was slightly impressed how her roommate knows a bit about her. Maybe because of the accent. But it seems she didn't know that she had live inside the orphanage house. \"What a coincidence! I live there as well. Only for a year though. Family and I move out from America because of my father's job. Hey ! The welcoming party is happening right know down the grand hall. My friends will be here soon. You wanna join?\" The girl invited Elle as she took her Iphone on her study desk and walk toward the door. \"Oh I wish I could If I still have the energy. But it has been a long day for me\" she sighed, still lying on her bed, appreciating the comfort of the soft pillow underneath her head. \"I understand. You must be tired as hell. Hey , no worries , tomorrow's the last day for it .\" Alex assured. *Knock Knock Knock* \"hey Alex ! come on , you gonna miss the food they're serving\" a boy's voice calling for the redhead girl and a sound of people chattering was heard beyond the door. \"Ah! Wait! Chat with you later Elle ! Gotta dash\" she said before leaving the room. The door was slightly open as she could hear people voices . \" Guy's do you think Matt Buckner gonna drop by at the party? Some other people from other university did\" \" No freaking idea , dude. Quit talking about him already\" \" come on fellas ! you don't want to miss the party !\" Elle stood up from her bed and closed the door and starts unpacking her belongings from her haversack. She took out a picture frame and held it tightly to her chest as tears began to fall from her eyes. \" Mum , Dad . Don't worry. I'll overcome this and make you proud\" She raised her head to the window, looking at the full moon. \" I hope you hear my voice from here\"[Chapter 4] \"Hi this is Shanon , please leave a message after this tone\" *BEEP* Matt sighed with dissatisfaction in his eyes hearing the same voice message since yesterday. He puts away his phone and grabs the mug handle as he stare at his cold coffee before having the last gulp . The loud chattering around him never bother him since it mostly the sound of his friends that always have his back. Day by day , the number of his follower increases every time he help someone. However the praises he gets never feel enough or right for him. And particularly today , The uneasiness feeling clustered even more in the mind of his whenever his sister aren't answering his calls. He's aware how his involvement last few year in London has made many people hurt and killed .Especially to his best friend, the one he treats as his own brother, Pete Dunham. Just thinking of Pete makes him trembling with guilt. He knew he should have fought along with him to the end. Matt grabs his mug again but realizing there's no drop of coffee left. Jack Johnson , his right hand man noticed how Matt was looking at his empty mug with stoic face and simply flicks his finger to the blonde waitress and signal it to Matt's mug for a refill . Before the girl pour the coffee, Matt calmly raised his hand to decline the offer \"There's no need . thanks\" He gave back the mug with a smile. The girl was overwhelm with his sweet smile as she made an eye contact his beautiful blue eyes, making her forget her task to take his coffee mug that was hanging on his hand. Suddenly, his memory of his sister flashes inside his head and has triggered a slight pain to it. A loud noise was produced as his mug crash down into pieces stealing everyone's attention to the scene. \"Om My God!Im so so sorry . This is my fault. Im so sorry !\" the girl was panicked and cleanses the mess. Luckly its sharp pieces didn't do any contact with her skin . \"Matt, are you alright?\" Jack appeals a concern question as he sees his leader struggling to stand turn his head to Jack with a weak smile. \"Im fine.\" \"Miss , are you hurt ?\" The hanging doorbell makes it soft sound as a person enters the café. Few men were on their feet to help their leader. \" Matt…..\" Buckner completely frozen when a certain voice calls his knows the owner of that voice. His blue eyes slowly rolled to meet the person. \" Bovver ….? Why..?what are you doing here?\" he approached his long lost friend , forgetting the pain he experience seconds ago. He knows the person who holds the ultimate guilt for what had happen years ago would be Bovver. His never ending apology has never stop until today. \"Matt ! punch me !\" \"Huh?what are you talking about?\" \"Punch me now!\" \"come on mate , just because you didn't come to my graduation day, Im not gonna punch you.\" Matt seizes his fellow friends from stepping any nearer to Bovver with just his hand .Matt placed his hand to Bovver's shoulder to calm him down. He also knows how Bovver will always behave like this way in front of him. And surprisingly, Matt always have the solution to ease him down. \"Just you alone ? where are the others?\" Matt asked as he turns his head left to right. \"Steve told us to promise not to tell you, but I can't do that promise. Not about YOUR SISTER ! \"Darn it ! Im late ! Im late! Why didn't Alex woke me up this morning! We're practically in the same class! So where is the class again?\" Elle panted while holding her books and focusing on her university map as she chasing the time. \"Ah! I know where it is now !\" \"Oi ! Andrew! Behind you!\" \"That voice….Alex?\" Elle glanced to her left with a horror expression as a man in blue sweater sprint backwards towards her. \" IN-COMING !\" Books was scattered around as the map flew away by the wind. Both of them grunted with pain on the ground as they brush their bruises. Soon, Elle realize her map has gone missing . \"Ah! My map !\" \"Ops… I guess I throw it too far. HEY! ARE YOU GUYS OKAY?!\" Alex shouted from a distance, running toward us. \"TAKE A WILD GUESS! YOU COULD'VE KILL SOMEONE WITH THIS !\" the brown haired guy shout back sarcastically while holding the yellow colored frisbee. \"Ouch...\" \"Shoot! Hey are you okay? Im sorry what just happe—\" \"your hand!\" he gasped with shock as he saw drop of blood with his natural emerald eyes. \"It's just a scratch. Don't worry\" The man kept searching inside his pockets for his clean handkerchief and gently wrap it to her soft palm. \"Here, that will keep the blood from coming out\" \"Thank you. Appreciate your kindness.\" Despite the cut, Elle still manage to give a sincere smile to the man who has caught by her sparking cornflower blue eyes. Her blonde hair shines as the wind past by, releasing a wonderful fragrance. His heart was beating like a drum , He feel as if she's the one . . his mouth open to say the words he has prepared for a long time. \"I love your hair….\" What?\" No .. I …I mean… I love the air\" \"Elle! Are you hurt! Im so sorry ! if Andrew quick enough non of this would happen.\" The redhead girl quickly blames her friend, Andrew, who was already annoyed with the accusation. She reaches out her hand to Elle and helps her to stand up while Andrew busy picking up Elle's book. As all three of them were standing in front of her, she cant help but amaze how tall Andrew is. \"I'll be fine, Alex. I thought we're having class this morning\" \"what? No~ class was cancel . You didn't check the online portal?\" \"Oh, really?…My bad\" \"Wait! You know her?\" Andrew raised a quick question. \"Yea, she's my roommate\" \" how unfortunate \" he smirked but harshly nudged by Alex after that. \"I guess you already meet my best pal right here\" Alex smack Andrew's back making more bruises to the poor guy . Oh yes , Hi Im Elle Cooper .\" \"Im Andrew. Andrew Van Holden . \" \" . ","Summary":" AUTHOR'S NOTE Hey yow ~ First of all thank you for choosing this book as your reading material. I k"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Elijah's Sister","Author":"Shadow McFLY","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8917669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Jessie's POV I can't believe Elijah has asked me to come and stay with him in his new house. I'm 13 years old and my dad is going away to Australia on a business and I can't go with him so Elijah said I can go and stay with him in Rhode Island. I'm so excited! I am in a train to get there from Boston. Elijah is meeting me at the station in Newport; this is my first time on a train alone, I am really nervous. The train suddenly came to a halt. I realised that I was now at Newport station. I got up and grabbed bag. The doors open and I step out \"Mind the gap\" God that voice is annoying! I walked along trying to find Elijah in the crowd. I couldn't see him anywhere. I carried on walking through the crowd and felt that someone was following me. I turned around but no one was there. I must be imagining it. I reached the exit and decided to start walking to his house. It isn't far from the station. 224 Jepson Street, only a mile away. It won't take me long to get there. I got out my phone and text Elijah: I'm gonna start walking to urs. Cant find ya anywer. Send. I walk out the entrance still feeling that someone was following me. Still no one was there though. I walked into an alleyway. It was isolated, great. Only two ways in or out. I carried on walking. I start wondering if he has even got my text. My pace quickened. This time I know someone is definitely following me as I can hear their footsteps. Shit! Where are you Elijah?! I was about to walk into a deserted walk way. I was literally crapping myself. I tried to turn down different paths to lose this guy. I turned round a corner as this bloke slowed down. I ran slightly to try and escape the guy. I look for an exit, scanning the area as quick as I could. I sped up as I saw one. I am about a metre away from the exit when I see the world around me go dark. Elijah's POV I think it's really funny how Jessie doesn't know it's me yet. I realised that she had started running after turning the corner. I just carried on walking along slowly. It was so funny! I didn't want to give it away so I had to laugh really quietly as hard as it is. I watch her as she tries to run to an exit. I look away at my phone for about 2 minutes. I look up and see her trip over the crack in the tar mac. I quickly run over to her. She looks like she is really hurt but tries to get up. She starts to move but falls backwards. I move quickly to catch her; the prank has gone way too far. I help her walk over to a bench nearby before she probably wants to kill me. \" Hi Jessie…\" I smile trying to seem really sympathetic. She just gave me evils in between tears. \"I'm really sorry, I didn't mean the prank to go this far.\" I think she was feeling kind of relieved by this point. She started to cry even more, I hugged her tightly. After about 5 minutes I stood up and helped her up. We started the short walk home, in between me trying to get her to forgive me. It took me the whole way home and a lot of promises of McDonalds and things like that before she forgave me.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Jessie's POV I can't believe he did that! He finds it hilarious but will he find it funny when I get him back? There are specific rules to follow while I'm here: Don't go out without telling Elijah Don't bring anyone round the house is without permission Don't do anything without permission… This is so annoying yet very awesome! I decided to play on my PlayStation 3 while the stalker goes to the bar with his mates. I think he's on about Sean Astin, Dominic Monaghan, Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. I'm so bored! I flick through my games to find out which one to play on. I reach my collection of Spyro games. Which one a new beginning, Eternal night or Dawn of the dragon? Hmmm Eternal night! I put it on and began to play when I heard the door close downstairs. \"Jess!\" I looked up at the T.V. \"Hello Spyro?\" At this point Elijah was standing at the door smiling. I turn to see him standing there laughing again. \"You thought it was the video game!\" He said in between laughing. \"You are so annoying! You just wait!\" He gave me a suspicious look and walked off. I carried on looking at the door way listening intently. I heard him walk towards his room then and then a massive splash. I smiled then got up and walk towards his room. I looked at him and he was absolutely soaked. I giggled slightly. He turned to look at me, I was trying really hard not to laugh or smile for that matter. He gave me evils before Dominic Monaghan ran upstairs and started laughing as soon he saw him. Elijah gave me evils then looked up at Dom. \"Ha ha! Bruv you do know you're very wet?\" He carried on laughing. \"Really? Must be raining out…\" He said then looked at me again. I couldn't hold it in any longer. Hearing Dom laugh made me want to laugh even more. It became really hard not to smile or giggle. Dom went back downstairs as I started pissing myself. He gave me MAJOR evils and walked into his room, closing the door behind him. Oops…[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 Jessie's POV I think Elijah's pissed off with me. I think he took the prank very seriously. I think he hates me. I tried everything to get him to talk to me. The closest I got to him saying something to me was playing on the Spyro games. It was a week later that he final talked to me again. He came back early from the set one day and I was in my room. I didn't expect him back so early. Elijah's POV I came back early from the set. I felt really bad about not talking to Jessie for a week. I walked through the door but couldn't find her anywhere. I decided to go and set up a game for when she got back in. I walked up the stairs and was about to walk into her room before I realised she was in there. She was playing on a Spyro game. She didn't even notice I was in the room. She Looked at the TV and saw my reflection. She pretended to ignore me and continued with her game. It got to a cut away when she finally turned around she looked at me then went back to her game. I kept on watching her, I knew something was wrong. I walked over to her and sat down next to her. She quickly looked at me then back at the screen. She paused the game and I noticed she was looking at my reflection again. \"Hi Jess…\" I began. She stared at me. This wasn't going to be easy. Maybe a lot more promises? No this time I think it is a lot more serious. She looked away again. Jessie was really upset about this; she stood up and walked over to the window. I looked at her reflection and could see she was crying. I walked over to her. She kept on turning away trying to avoid my view. It wasn't going to work. I pretended to walk out; she turned to look as I was \"walking out\". I stood outside of the door and watched as she sat on her bed. I walked in again. She was lying on her bed face down. I walked over and sat on the bed next to her. \"I'm sorry Jessie, I knew you were gonna get back at me at some point I just didn't expect that.\" I said. She looked up at me. Tears were streaming down her face. She smiled at me and I gave her a big hug to show how sorry I was. \"Come on!\" \"What?\" \"Just follow me. We have to go somewhere…\" She looked at me really confused yet she still followed me. I knew she loved lord of the rings so I took her to bag end.[Chapter 4] This chapter is dedicated to the person who sent me a review. It was anonymous so I can't say exactly who it was but thank you! You made me so happy and to repay you I am dedicating this chapter to you! Send me a PM if you have an account. Chapter 4 2 months later Jessie's POV My dad was still in Australia, I was still staying at my brother's and I'm going to a soccer match with him. We went to see New England Revolution, our team, playing D.C United. *The evening of match day* YES! We thrashed D.C United: 5-0! Elijah was really pleased about it. He wanted to go to the bar with some of his mates so I decided to walk home. It was about 5:40 when the match finished. I walked back along the street I came with Elijah and back along the same path. I carried on walking along and was almost at an ally way when a bottle flew past me and hit the wall. I realised immediately that it was supposed to hit me. I turned slightly to see two men running towards me. They were yelling something, I'm pretty sure it was a threat. I began to run but they were faster than me and they dragged me into a narrow passage way. After that there was complete darkness. *some time later* I woke up in my bed. I don't know how much time had passed. I felt a lot of pain in my right hand. I looked down at it and saw a bandage wrapped around my hand and wrist. My head hurt as well. I heard a noise coming from the foot of my bed. My sight was still slightly blurred so I couldn't make out who it was. Then I heard footsteps, quick footsteps before another shape appeared. Except this time the shape moved towards me. After a while one of the figures disappeared as my sight began to slowly became better. \"Are you ok Jessie?\" I heard Elijah's voice next to me. I turned to look at him as my view came into focus again. It seemed as though he had been crying and looked really worried. I nodded slowly as he began to smile. \"What happened?\" I asked. \"Well…\" He began. *Flash back* Elijah's POV I decided to try and catch up with Jessie. I got to the entrance of the ally way and saw the bottle had been smashed but it wasn't there before. I began to get rather worried. I got down the ally way where I saw Jessie's scarf on the floor. I started to walk down the narrow passage way when I heard someone scream. I knew it was Jessie so I ran down to the end of the passage way and found three men trying to drag her along to the warehouse there. The men saw me but then pushed Jessie into some glass. I stared at her before running over to the men. To cut a very gruesome scene short, I beat them up. You don't harm my sister and get away with it. I quickly ran over to Jessie. She seemed ok so I quickly got my phone out. I dialled Dom to get him to pick us up. He pulled up at the entrance of the ally as I carried Jessie to the car. He said that I should ring the police. It would mean too much attention though. I got her back into the house and put her in her bed. I wrapped her hand in a bandage. And that's how it happened! ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Jessie's POV I can't believe Elijah has asked me to come and stay with him in his new hou"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Another World","Author":"LadyofDurin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8755624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, just taking a shot here, let me know if you like it by clicking the button that says review please! Ashley was awakened by the alarm, she turned it off and looked at the clock, 2:30 AM. In the middle of the night, she threw the covers off and got out of bed, pulled her small suitcase out from under the bed and opened the door. She peered into the darkness and when her eyes were accustomed to it and she saw that it was safe she crept softly to the stairs. Tree for tree she slowly walked down each foot gingerly putting down. When she came downstairs she stood still for a moment in order to convince herself that everyone was still sleeping. She sighed and stretched her hand toward the door. \"Ma'am Ashley?\" Ashley almost jumped out of her skin and turned with a whirl. \"Alfred, you startled me.\" she said. \"Leaving without saying goodbye?\" he said, sounding almost hurt. \"Oh Afred,\" she said suddenly, and she looked at him, \"I'm really sorry but I have no other choice.\" \"I know Ma'am.\" Ashley looked at him surprised. \"Remember that I have known you your whole life, sometimes I think I know you better than your father and mother ma'am.\" Ashley smiled. \"That would not surprise me.\" \"I'm sorry that they force you to do this, I will miss you.\" \"I'll miss you too,\" Ashley said and in a second she had closed the distance between them and gave him a hug, \"you won't say anything?\" she asked softly. \"What can I say? I don't even know where your going, Ma'am.\" \"That's true, I don't even know where I'm going.\" she sighed. \"Wherever it is, please be careful Ma'am.\" \"I promise.\" said Ashley. She looked at him and walked out the door. She had a pretty nice life, loving parents, great family, many friends. She bit her lip and pondered. Actually she did quite love her life. That was untill her parents made a dicision for her wich she absolutely didn't agree with and despite the fact that she was old enough to make her own decisions they would not listen to her. Yesterday she went to see Jessica, a friend who works at the bank. She had asked Jessica if she would put all the money she had in her account in a bag that she would pick up later. She had asked Jessica not to tell anyone, well, except her boss who had to give permission to empty her account, but she knew hem, he was a friend, so that was no problem. At the end of the afternoon, however, Jessica and her boss tried to persuade her to stay, that they would find something to stop it, but she sighed and said she had no other choice. After one last hug she said goodbye to the best friend she ever had. She walked down the path and closed the gate softly behind her, after a last glance she walked away, she was almost at the corner of the street when she heard someone calling her name. She turned and saw her standing there. \"Jessica!\" she hissed and walked towards her, \"what are you doing here? It's in the middle of the night!\" \"You don't really think I'll just let you go alone?\" she said. \"What? No, you can not ...\" \"Yes I can and I will,\" Jessica held up a bag, \"it's not much but it's better than nothing.\" she said. \"Jess ... I can not ask this of you.\" \"You are not asking, you never need to ask Ashley.\"Jessica laughed and she laughed along with her friend. \"Thank you.\" she said. Ben looked through the window of the bar and saw Dan sitting at the bar with a glass of whiskey, he pushed it around and took another sip. \"Where is he?\" he heard someone say. \"At the bar,\" Ben pointed at him and then looked at Lisa, \"start a conversation with him, make him smile and if it is possible, make sure he has some fun.\" he said and winked at her. \"Okay.\" Ben watched as Lisa then entered the bar and introduced herself to him, she smiled and Lisa sat down beside him. Since Dan and Alice had parted ways with Mark and William to go south he had been alone. That was about over a year ago. The only thing he did was work on the farm, looking after the livestock, the chores that needed to be done. Ben came along occasionally to help him but somehow he was still accustomed to wander around with his horse so after a few months he began to get restless and he settled up his horse and left. Dan had told him that he and Alice had not been intimate since Mark had gotten ill. It was not the first time that Ben had sent a woman to entertain Dan and he knew that Dan hated it but he had to do something. It had been years since he had been with a woman, it was for his own good. After an hour he saw Lisa saying goodbye and they parted ways. Lisa came back outside. \"I did my best.\" she said and walked away. Ben sighed and looked after her. \"How long are you going to keep doing this?\" He heard Dan say besides him. \"That depends on you.\" replied Ben. Dan looked at him. \"What the hell do you mean with that?\" he asked. \"Life is more than sleeping and working, you sometimes need a little distraction, too.\" \"So you send every woman my way to see and hope she can seduce me?\" He walked away but Ben grabbed his arm and pulled him towards him, the rancher wobbled and almost fell over because of his wooden leg. \"I care about you Dan, you're my friend, I do not want to see wasting away on that farm, you're also just a man, a man with needs. I am only trying to help.\" Dan went scarled at the last words Ben said. \"I do not need your help to find a wife, Wade.\" Dan said, and he tore himself loose with so much force that he nearly fell over again. \"No you're doing just fine by yourself.\" Ben said sarcaticly. Dan looked like he wanted to say something but instead he walked to his horse, mounted and rode away. Ben hated it when Dan called him Wade and he knew it. He watched as Dan disappeared into the distance and then mounted his horse. He took a detour to the farm and after one hour when he saw the farm the distance he saw that Dan sat on the porch looking out over the landscape. He put the horse in the stall next to Dan's and took the saddle off. He brushed it and gave it water and food. Ben walked to the porch and sat down next to Dan. \"I'm sorry, okay.\" he said suddenly. Dan looked at him in surprise. \"What?\" he asked. \"You heard me.\" \"Yes, I did, I just want to know if I heard it right.\" \"I am not going to say it again.\" Dan laughed and looked over the landscape again. \"Okay okay, just stop sending women to me, I'm not looking for a someone, Ben.\" \"Dan ..\" \"No Ben, I mean it, the farm and the cattle are more important.\" \"The farm is doing fine and the cattle is too.\" \"And to keep it that way, they have to have my undivided attention.\" \"Okay whatever you want. I'm going to bed.\" Ben said and walked inside the house.[Chapter 2] Ashley and Jessica were almost at the trainstation, Ashley looked at her watch to see how long they had. \"The train leaves in 5 minutes.\" \"Where exactly is that train going?\" Jessica asked. \"Contention, where we will take a room and ask whether they know a nice quiet little town we can go.\" \"Why can't we stay there?\" \"Because it's too obvious, I want to go somewhere where they can't find me that easily.\" \"Okay,\" Jessica replied, \"Ash, do you think this is a good idea? I mean, I know you disagree with your parents and I fully understand that, seeing the choice they made, but this is very rigorous.\" \"I know, but at least I'm not alone.\" she said and looked at Jessica. After a few hours the train railed into the station of Contention and when they get off they noticed the town was almost deserted. Pretty normal seeing it was after midnight. The hotel was right across the station. It looked small. The only room that was still available was the bridle suite. Ashley and Jessica shrugged and sighed their names in the book. Jessica took a shower while Ashley walked back downstairs to ask if there was a nearby town, preferably on a few hours distance. \"The next town is Bisbee, but that is rather three days riding.\" the receptionist told her. \"Three days? How do I do that I have no horse.\" Ashley sighed. \"I can take you there.\" she suddenly heard behind her. Ashley turned around and saw a boy standing, no more than 16 years old. \"That's very nice of you but I can not ask that of you.\" \"I'm offering.\" he said smiling and took a step closer. \"I'm with a friend ...\" She tried. \"My horse is young and strong enough for both of you.\" \"And you? 3 days walk?\" she asked. \"I am young and strong too.\" he said confidently. Ashley looked at him and laughed at his determination. The boy smiled back, a smile that made his eyes twinkle. \"Well, okay then. I'm Ashley.\" she said as she reached out her hand. \"William Evans.\" he said, shaking her hand. \"Well, William, what time do we leave tomorrow?\" she asked. \"8 o'clock?\" \"That is very early, but okay, I will ensure that Jessica and I are ready.\" she said. After saying goodbye, she went back upstairs and back into the room, she saw Jessica was standing at the window and was looking in a book. \"What's that?\" she asked. \"I thought the Bible but it is a book with all this sketches in it, it's pretty good, look this is the last.\" she said. Ashley took the book and looked at the sketch. It was a cowboy in a chair and he looked out the window with a rifle on his lap. \"You think he really exist?\" Jessica asked herself. \"No idea, but if he does I would definitely not mind running into him, he's cute.\" Ashley said meaningful. Jessica smiled and looked a little better at the sketch. \"He's actually very handsome indeed.` \"By the way, I have transport arranged for us.\" \"Oh yeah?\" Jessica asked. \"Yes, one William Evans wants to bring us to Bisbee, which is about 3 days away. He has only 1 horse.\" \"For both of us?\" Jessica asked. \"Yes, he says that his horse can handle us.\" \"And he? 3 days walk?\" Jessica asked incredulously. \"He was very convincing. And now to bed, we must be ready at 8 o'clock.\" Jessica muttered something about way too early but said nothing. She put the sketchbook on the table beside the bed and got into bed to go to sleep. Ashley went to the bathroom to brush her teeth and change clothes before she went to bed. The next morning, Jessica awakened by the sunlight that shone in her face. She stretched and got out of bed. While she was in the shower, Ashley was also awakened and she turned around to the window. Her eyes fell on the sketchbook and she looked once more at the picture of the cowboy. She ran her finger over it, and looked at him again properly. The one who drew it was good, very good. And the object was also very appealing ... She had to admit. She bit her lip and before she knew it she walked to her suitcase and put the sketchbook in it. For just a moment she hesitated .. What if the owner noticed that he was missing it and wanted it back? Or the cowboy wanted it? Just as she wanted to take the sketchbook again Jessica came walking out of the bathroom. \"Good morning.\" she said. \"Good morning, you're up early.\" \"Bad curtains,\" Jessica said and she pointed to the window, \"the sun was shining on my face.\" Ashley laughed and walked past her into the bathroom. \"Want me to wait for you?\" called Jessica. \"No, you just go downstairs, I will meet you there.\" Ashley replied. Dan was up early the next morning, he had brought the cattle to the usual place and was now working on the land. Ben stood on the porch with only his pants on watching him, Dan also had taken of his shirt, his skin was tanned by all the work in the sun. Ben was glad the farm was thriving so good and that the cattle was doing good aswell. Taking that into account, Dan was right, he didn't need a woman to take care of him, he was doing fine by himself, no doubt about that. But that was not what Ben meant, it were the other things, the small things. A kiss here a smile there, a touch every now and then which caused sparks, butterflies in your stomach, together on the porch after dinner. Ben smiled, it was actually a strange thought that he was looking for a woman while Ben himself was also alone, maybe that was why he did it, the things that Ben was missing, he wanted for Dan. Ben frowned. \"A penny for your thoughts.\" he suddenly heard. Ben looked up and saw that Dan walked up. \"I was wondering if you need help.\" \"No, I'm done, you're lucky, but you may come with me to go see if my cattle is still where I've left it behind.\" \"Okay.\" Ben said. His eyes were almost automatically drawn to Dan's bullet wounds, the bullet wounds that had caused by Charlie and Ben immediately felt a pang of rage and anger towards his once righthanded man. \"Ben this was not your fault.\" Dan said as if reading his mind. \"Yes, it was\" he said, his voice dry, \"I should have called Charlie back.\" \"He would not have listened.\" Ben looked at him and nodded. \"No probably not, just let me get my shirt, I'll be right out.\" he said and went inside. Dan glanced at his gunshot wounds and put his shirt on. He was sure Charlie wouldn't have even heard him, he was so determined to get Ben out he did anything, including shooting Dan. One shot after another, it seemed to go on for an eternity, before Dan could register, Ben stood beside him and leaned down to take the gun hidden in Dan's boot. In one swift movement he shot his own posse down, he saved Charlie for last. ","Summary":" Hello, just taking a shot here, let me know if you like it by clicking the button that says review "},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"You're Not All Bad","Author":"SilverKelly93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7908268","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I've decided to retry this in a different way. With the end first, after all this works in TV shows... Hope this works better... By the way, please review or else I won't know what to change. Sasa You're Not All Bad Chris watched as Ben and Mr Evans left the suite. She didn't say anything. She hadn't been able to. Not since it seemed that Ben had accepted his fate. She feared she would lose a father within the next day, and she was not ready for that. She had already lost her mother in a violent manner. She watched them leave blankly. Her normally sparkling eyes were dull. She heard the door to the hotel close as she felt a single tear fall. She instinctively brushed it away before standing up. She had made up her mind. She was going to make sure that Will and Mr Evans returned to their home safely. No one else deserved to lose a father that day. She pushed open the door to the room that Mr Butterfield and Will were holed up in. \"I'm coming with you. I will help you make sure William gets home safely,\" she stated as she shut the door behind her. Mr Butterfield gave her a strange look and Will didn't even turn from the window to acknowledge her presence. \"Now what would you gain from doing that Miss Prince? You are a part of Ben Wade's gang, why would you be willing to help?\" he asked, in his snotty voice. She hated that voice, but she had made her mind up. \"What would I gain? Nothing, but the knowledge that a boy as innocent as he is did not die. The innocent should never die. But most men are not innocent. Ah, but Mr Butterfield you clearly have no idea why I was in the gang. But since Ben is no longer here and he probably will not be coming back I will tell you. I joined the gang when I was thirteen. It was not exactly a choice. My momma had died in a bar fire, which was started by one of Ben's rival gangs. Ben arrived in town the next day with Charlie. You know that Charlie is my older brother, I assume. But he ain't my full brother. You see my momma had to make a living at the bar some how, and Charlie's father never came back to town. Mine did, he had fallen for the green eyed woman that was my mother...\" she stated starting her tale. \"Wade is your father, which would explain why you were in the gang so long. And it explains why Charlie ended up in the gang. So it is like a family business,\" Mr Butterfield stated. Will was tense, showing that he was listening to the conversation behind him, but he still had yet to move. \"Exactly. And William you are right. He is not all bad. For a bad man would never hold a crying child or return to a small town for almost no reason. A bad man would have left my alone to die back in that small town,\" Chris stated, this time directing her statements to William. William did not say anything as he made for the door. Chris moved out of his way before following him. He needs some sort of protection if he was going to try to follow his dad. Mr Butterfield was not going to catch them; he probably was not even going to try. Chris followed William as the boy ran towards the train station. It did not take her long to fall into step with the boy. \"Keep your head down, damn it. Unless you want your brains blown out,\" she yelled at the boy next to her. She grabbed his arm roughly and pulled him lower as they ran through the back streets of town. She pulled one of the pistols from her holster and kept it ready in her left hand just in case. Once the shooting had subsided the two teens were able to make it to the train station running properly this time. They stopped at a cattle round-up. Both hiding among the cows as the shooting continued. \"Stay here, William. I'm gonna go make sure no one else gets shot up,\" Chris stated to William as she watched the shootout continue. \"No, I want to come too. I don't want to stay here and do nothing. I'm not a child and I bet I could shoot better then you,\" Will stated angrily as he started to stand up. \"Stay here. Come on William, you know what you can do with a bunch of cows. You are a rancher after all,\" Chris stated standing up. \"And kid, I learned to shoot from Ben Wade and Charlie Prince, they best shooters in the west. And I've killed before.\" \"Fine...\" William muttered as Chris made her way through the cows. She climbed through the fence at the closest point to the station. She made her way towards the station, keeping her head down. Luckily, though, she had found a safe side of the station. The gang was focusing the fire power on the other side of the station. She crept along the lower part of the wall, making sure to stay below the windows as she made her way towards the station door. She sat down just out of sight, waiting. She didn't have to wait long. The train was pulling into the station. She could hear the cows stampeding, thank-you William! Ben and Mr Evans appeared at the station door and started their way towards the train car. She followed close behind them, shooting at the gang members trying to give the two some sort of cover. She was a great shot, but that didn't mean she planned on killing anyone in the gang. Ben glanced back at her, but did not say a thing. It did not take long for the three to arrive at the train car, and no one had died. Mr Evans pounded on the door saying he had a prisoner to go to Yuma. Chris stood next to Ben facing the gang with her pistols ready. \"Be good, baby girl. Go to Bisbee and help Dan and his family on the ranch. I promise that this won't be the end for me. This gang has run its course and it is time for this to end. We'll create a new gang, and we will meet again,\" Ben stated gently before he climbed on the train. She nodded her understanding, while keeping her eyes on the gang. She could hear Ben talking to Mr Evans behind her. \"Charlie, don't shoot. Do not shoot. Understand me? This man will not die here today\" Chris stated, eyes locking with her brother. She heard a gunshot and turned towards the shooter. She felt pain in her shoulder, but she had to ignore it for now. Right then and there she shot each of the gang members once, right in the heart. But she couldn't shoot Charlie. Not that that mattered, he had already lowered his pistols. The gang was dead. Ben left on the train, calling his horse after it. Mr Evans had his arms around his son glad that this was now over. \"Charlie, I don't feel so great,\" the teen stated as the adrenaline started to wear off. That adrenaline had been the only thing that had stopped the pain from being noticeable. Charlie couldn't help but laugh at that. \"You just got shot by an Apache, dumb ass,\" he stated as he went to her side. Chris let the pistol fall to the ground as she wrapped her hand around the wound. She was not feeling quite well. She had never been shot before and she was positive that she never wanted to again. \"He promised he would be back, and that this is not the end,\" Chris muttered to her brother. She was not talking loud enough for Will or Mr Evans to hear. Charlie was checking just how bad the bullet wound was, even outlaws knew first aid. After all it was not the first bullet wound he had seen. He'd been shot a few times before himself. \"We are supposed to help the Evans family on their ranch at least until things are settled there. And make sure Hollander never bothers you again,\" she added. Mr Evan had turned his attention towards Chris when she had spoken. \"Now why would he tell you something like that?\" he asked with an arm around his son. Chris glanced at William, since the boy probably figured it out. \"It is because he is not all bad. He knows what it is like to have children and what it is like to have a family. As well as how hard it must be without any money,\" William stated slowly, working it out as he went along. Chris nodded at his answer. \"Yeah, basically. Good William, you listened to me,\" Chris stated as she glanced down at what Charlie was doing. She hissed in pain as he started to wrap it to stop the bleeding. \"I don't understand how he could know what its like to have a family. He's an outlaw, and a damn good one,\" Mr Evans stated. Chris laughed, at least until Charlie tied the wrap causing some extra pain. \"What? I'm not saying anything more then I already have, I promise Charlie,\" Chris stated to Charlie. \"Both of you are so damn protective. I'm not just a kid anymore; you and Ben gotta realize that.\" Charlie just shook his head at her, before he took a step back. \"We should probably be headed to Bisbee. It is not a quick trip,\" the outlaw stated. \"And we don't want to worry anyone by keeping you longer.\" Please Review! Please.[Chapter 2] So this chapter starts a week week before the first chapter. Confusing, possibly. I'm sorry about that, not really. Please review or add to alerts, or else I won't add more chapters. Most of this story is already written, but I don't seen a reason on posting it if no one is reading it. So thank-you misty103 for subscribing to this story. I started editing this chapter almost as soon as I received the alert. Sasa PS- I do not own the movie, or the main characters. I only own the plot of this story and Chris. A Week Earlier The sun was just coming out over the side of the mountain as a dark haired teen girl woke up on the cool dirt. She stretched her arms before she stood up. The camp was still quiet; almost none of the gang was awake yet. Today was going to be a great day; at least that is what the teen predicted. It was her eighteenth birthday today, and there was a pay coach coming through the valley later that day. She folded up her blanket and slid her arms back into the sleeves of her coat, which she always used as a blanket during the night. She rolled up the blanket that had become her bed and brought loaded up her horse. Ben was already awake, not that that came as much of a surprise. He was always awake long before anyone else even thought about moving. She approached him and sat down next to him, studying his drawing over his shoulder. This was often how the mornings started for the two of them. \"Good morning, Chris. Happy Birthday,\" Ben told her without looking up from his sketch, even though he was smiling. \"It was almost like yesterday you joined us in the gang.\" \"Good morning, Ben. And yet it has been almost five years since then. I still get nightmares from that night, you know,\" Christina stated as she pulled her knees to her chest. She set her arms on her knees and leaned on her arms. \"Oh, trust me, I know. You talk in your sleep, well, you scream when you have nightmares. You always have, ever since that night,\" Ben stated as he glanced at the teen. He still remembered arriving in that town, with the bar burned to the ground. He remembered finding Christina curled up on the floor, appearing to have cried herself to sleep. She had only thirteen at the time, much too young to be left alone in the town. The only living family she had was in the gang. \"Go wake Charlie and have him get the rest of the gang up,\" Ben stated nodding towards the girl's half-brother. Christina nodded with a smile on her face before she stood up and started away from Ben. Now what was the best way to scare Charlie this early in the morning, without being shot? First thing was to remove his damn pistols, which was not too hard. She had done it before without waking him. She then sat down next to Charlie, putting the pistols behind her. She leaned towards his ear. \"Morning Charlie, how'd you sleep?\" the teen asked, not bothering to be quiet about it. She leaned back as the blond man shot into the air reaching for his missing pistols. It took him a few seconds to realize just what was going on. \"Damn it, Chris. What the hell was that for? Now give me my pistols,\" he demanded. \"Morning to you, too,\" Christina stated setting the pistols in her lap. \"You don't need these old things, now do you?\" she asked picking up one of the pistols with a grin. \"Christina, give Charlie his pistols back,\" Ben called from where he sat. \"Fine,\" she stated handing both back to Charlie. \"I really wish I knew how Ben did that,\" she added as she stood up. \"Now it is your turn to wake up the rest of the gang,\" she informed Charlie. \"Happy birthday, kid,\" he stated as he stood up and brushed off the dirt from the dusty ground. He then turned away and headed towards the rest of the gang. It really did not take long from him to have the rest of the gang awake. Christina did not stay long to watch the men packing up to move on. Instead she returned to sit next to Ben. \"They're all up. Although you could probably tell from the noise,\" she stated. \"Good, there is a payroll coach headed this way. Should be here around noon,\" Ben stated without looking up from his most current sketch. \"Exciting. Will you let me help with time, please? I promise I won't get in the way.\" Chris wanted to be a real part of the gang. True, she had been living with them for years, but she had never been allowed to participate in a heist. Ben had always wanted to give her the choice at eighteen, either to walk away from this life or to join them. If she wanted to walk away she could, without fear of a bounty on her head. And if she wanted to stay, well, Ben had no problems with that. \"Yes, but you won't stop the coach. You are to stay with me until the coach is stopped. And don't do anything stupid. Understood?\" Ben asked her. He had to make himself clear before she did something stupid and put herself at risk. He closed the sketchbook and looked at her. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a different book. He handed it to her before standing up and heading towards the gang. The teen flipped through the pages carefully. It was a bunch of sketches Ben had drawn. She flipped through the pages careful not to smudge the charcoal. The pictures were of her family, her messed up family. There were pictures of her as a baby in her mother's arms. There were pictures of her and Charlie as children. Ben must have drawn these on one of his visits. The last few pictures were much more recent, drawn during her time in the gang. There was a note on the first page, but she didn't have time to read it now. \"Chris, time to go,\" she heard Charlie at her. She closed the book before she ran towards the gang. Everyone was almost ready to go, with most of the men already mounted. She slid the small book into one of her large coat pockets before she climbed onto her own horse. Please Review! Please. ","Summary":" So I've decided to retry this in a different way. With the end first, after all this works in TV sh"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"I Remember You","Author":"AwesomePotterlover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10689064","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hello! It's me again. I can't stop writing Welcome To Hell, dammit! Have a Highschool!Human!AU. ~AP No. It wasn't Sock. It couldn't be. Not cheerful, overenthusiastic, annoying but frankly lovable Sock. It...It couldn't have been. It can't. \"If you lay ONE MORE FINGER ON MY FRIEND, I'LL SKIN YOU ALIVE!\" Jonathan turned to the side, his face still stinging from the punch. Sock was marching down the hallway angrily. The group of boys laughed. Sock was shorter than most 17-year-olds, and he looked childish and innocent, like he was from a J&I; School. Being in highschool, almost ready to graduate, this didn't help the boy. He also had a...unique sense of style. The purple skirt and hat that somehow contained his gravity-defying hair attracted a lot of attention to his friend, but it never seemed to bother the boy. Jonathan knew by now that the innocence in Sock's features was not, in fact, a reality. Jon groaned. \"Aw, has little baby Jonny called his boyfriend to protect him? How pathetic. Sorry, shortie, we ain't backin' off unless you make us.\" Jon groaned again. Why did the leader of their group have to be SUCH an idiot? It took about five seconds for Sock to reach them before the guy was clutching his middles after a very hard kick there with some worn-out Doc Martins. \"Well, you asked for it.\" Sock shrugged as the taller boy glared at him. \"Who's a shortie now, hm?\" The brunet giggled. It was a short time he was grinning, because it went quite quickly after he recieved a blow in the stomach, sending him banging against the lockers sickeningly loudly. He slid to the ground after that, clutching his head where it flew against the metal. The other boys gathered around him, much to Jonathan's dismay, and all started on the small boy. The blonde tried to interfere, but his injuries sustained from them throughout the day prevented him from even standing. The teen flinched at every yelp of his pained friend and wished he had one of those superhero moments and beat them all up. But he didn't. After a while of beating Sock, the guys got bored and left. Despite his obvious weakness now, Sock hopped up as soon as they were out of sight and hearing distance. \"You OK?\" He hauled Jon up until he was leaning on him. \"Nothing I can't deal with. They spent most of their time on you.\" Sock brushed it off. \"Yeah, but I'm fine. Nothing I'm not used to. You need a hospital?\" \"Nah. You're late for your bus, man. You need to get home. Your parents'll-\" \"My parents can do whatever they want, you need my help.\" Sock supported the guy into the shotgun seat of a purple Nissan Micro. Jon stared at Sock as he hopped into the driver's side. \"You have a driver's licence?\" \"Always the air of surprise.\" Sock said jokingly. \"I passed the test in January.\" Jon nodded. You wouldn't think someone like Sock to be the driving type. Sock pulled into Jonathan's driveway. The blonde's Mom ( AN: I'M TRYING TO BE AMERICAN SORRY) wouldn't mind. She reckoned that Sock would be a good influence on her son. The boy helped his friend to his house and then plopped him on the sofa. \"Wait here.\" He ran into the kitchen. Mrs. Combs looked up. \"Oh! Sock, darling, what happened?\" \"Hi, Mrs Combs. I'll have to tell you later. First Aid kit?\" He came back with a box and began cleaning Jonathan up, even though he was much worse and still bleeding from his head and nose and probably a couple of other places. When Jon was feeling fine enough, he spun to Sock, sat him on the sofa and muttered: \"Stop being so BRAVE. I know you're hurting.\" Sock opened his mouth to speak. \"No buts. No 'I'm fine' s. You aren't. For once, just let me take care of you, OK?\" Jon's voice was gentle but firm as he cleaned his friend. After a couple of hours, both were cleaned up and feeling better, and had lied until their tongues turned black until Mrs Combs leaved them alone. \"Sock, why'd you have to get involved?\" \"'Cause you're my friend.\" He yawned. \"I'm just like that. Too bad I didn't have Viktor with me though.\" Viktor was, weirdly, the name of the butchering knife Sock had stolen and kept since he was a young child. Jonathan knew it was morbid, but he laughed a little. He'd learned to appreciate Sock as he was, even with the annoyingness and very obvious homicidal tendencies. \"You're such a little demon, you know that?\" Jon chuckled. \"Mm. But you love me, right?\" \"Yeah. 'Cause you're my little demon.\" They fell asleep embracing. AN: You're going to kill me. I'M SORRY! Review if you liked or feel like skinning me alive, either works! ~AP[Chapter 2] AN: Murdering me is illegal, remember? \"All this time?\" Sock nodded and looked to the ground, blushing. Jonathan didn't know what to say. He wasn't attracted to boys usually, but Sock was...different. Sock wasn't other boys, Sock was...Sock. He'd never known the fuzzy feeling he got with Sock with girls either, though... \"I-I think...I think I like you in that way too...\" Jon mumbled. He felt a smile come along as the other boy's face lit up. \"R-really?\" \"Yes, really, you little devil. C'mere.\" Jonathan leant over and caught Sock's lips with his in a soft, gentle kiss. It left both of them momentarily breathless. \"So...Boyfriends?\" Jon whispered, not daring to speak louder and break the moment. Sock nodded shyly. \"B-boyfriends.\" Next time Jonathan saw Sock, he was bruised. Very bruised. \"Sock, what happened-\" The other boy just shook his head. \"It doesn't matter, Jon.\" The blonde knew exactly what that meant. \"It was your Dad again, wasn't it?\" Jon was fuming. He hated his boyfriend's Dad, even more so when he found out what he did to Sock after too much to drink. Sock looked to the ground and nodded so smally that if the other hadn't been so focused, he'd have missed it. \"I-I came out last night and he freaked out.\" Jon sighed and gently pulled the smaller teen into a hug. \"Oh, Sock...\" He was interruptted by a shout of 'GAYS' from down the hallway. Jonathan just turned, looked the person dead in the eye and said: \"Yeah, that's us, so what?\" The phone call confirmed it. Jon looked at his mother with a look of utter shock. \"N-no, no, you're LYING! You have to be lying!\" \"I wish I was, Jon, I do.\" She shook her head, staring down at the floor. \"I was looking forward to have that kid as a son-in-law.\" She was trying to joke, but it wasn't exactly helping. \"Why...why would he...\" Piecing word after word together seemed like such a challenge now. Jonathan stumbled and sat down on the sofa, putting his head in his hands. \"He can't have. They've mixed it up, it must be someone else.\" Sock was distant for a couple of days. He seemed to be scared of someone, but it was just...himself. He was scared of himself. And that made Jonathan very concerned indeed. \"Dude, you're acting weird, what's wrong?\" Sock looked at the ground. \"Um...\" \"Tell me the truth before you lie, Napoleon.\" Sock winced, as usual, at mention of his first name. He sighed. \"Remember when you first heard of me, and when you first walked up to me, you said, 'Oh hey, aren't you that kid who killed a bunch of animals with a spoon or something?' and I was like what, people still remember that?\" Jonathan nodded and almost laughed. Yeah, he remembered. He'd gotten over finding that creepy. It was in the past. \"Well...\" Sock twiddled his fingers. \"Remember I said that, I only did it because there was like, well, I wanted to kill things and I didn't want to hurt anybody?\" Jon nodded, smile fading. \"Well, I always have those feelings but like...They're getting worse.\" \"Getting...worse? How worse?\" \"As in I'm getting to the stage where I literally want to murder PEOPLE, not just animals. And...And I don't know what to do or if I can control it or for how long.\" Sock looked up to the blonde, obviously scared of being pushed away. \"And...I don't think it'll be safe for us to...to do this, any more.\" \"You're...breaking up with me?\" \"Don't sound sad, please, I hate it when you're sad. I just don't want you getting hurt. Worse, I don't want you getting hurt by me. I could...Never forgive myself for that, not even if it was accidental. Please, understand.\" The boy was begging. He was so scared. So, so scared. And I pushed him away. God, I'm an idiot. Jonathan spun around. He shouldn't be angry, but he was. \"It's OK, Napoleon, I understand completely.\" He could almost hear the flinch. \"You're angry.\" \"No shit, Sherlock! Of course I'm angry!\" Jonathan spun back to face the boy. \"Dammit, Sock, I would do anything, anything , for you, no matter how much it endangered me. And you would NEVER hurt me! I know you-\" \"I killed Joane.\" It was a mumble, the ranting other barely caught it. \"You...What?\" \"I KILLED Joane! There it fucking is, happy yet? We might of not of been the best of friends but at least she tried! And then look what I did! I didn't even mean it! I don't...I don't want it to be true...I need you to stay away from me before I hurt you. I'm just...Too dangerous.\" AN: It's slowly getting sadder. Don't murder me.[Chapter 3] AN: Murdering me is STILL illegal, so...please don't. Heheh. Enjoyyyy! ~AP Sock avoided Jonathan since then. Well, he avoided everything and everyone, really. He avoided teachers, he even skipped Phys. Ed and Dance, which Sock would NEVER do. He beat everyone at dodgeball and he knew it, and the boy loved dancing more than the Dance teachers did. But he skipped. He sat alone at lunch, giving Jonathan a warning glare when he picked up his lunchbox and tried to move. He avoided eye contact with nearly everyone. He's stopped doing homework and work properly, he doesn't socialize. All these things the school told his parents after phoning them up of due concern for the purple-skirted boy. Then he stopped coming to school altogether. Now, Jonathan got the whole 'We're going to pretend we never knew each other' thing, but there's only so much distance a boy could take, and that was crossing the line of what could be taken and what couldn't. So that night, after, admittedly, another homework detention, the boy walked himself to Sock's house. Jon's ankle was playing up, since some guys had tripped him over in dodgeball, and his teacher had been genuinely concerned because his ankle wasn't quite normal, but Jonathan walked on it anyway. He didn't really care. When he finally got there, it would've been about eleven at night. But, to his utter surprise, there was no one there. Just a very noticeable note on Sock's bed. It was in an envelope. It said \"To Jonathan\" in Sock's familiar messy handwriting. He couldn't bring himself to read it. He just grabbed it and ran, despite his entire body aching in protest, towards his home. If he'd looked properly, maybe he'd have seen the silhouette stabbing into the glow of the full moon over the graveyard hill. Maybe he could've stopped him. Jonathan picked up the scribbled note now and opened the envelope shakily, pulling out the crumpled up paper. It was scribbled on the back of a school letter, of course. \" Dear Jonathan, If you're reading this, which I hope to God you are, I'm...Well I'd expect they'd taken me to the morgue by now or something. For the funeral. Before you cry, scream, call me selfish and fall back into the ways of you before I became proper friends with you, please give me the chance to explain. I...I killed my parents. In my sleep. I don't even regret it that much. I guess I'm insane, huh? Haha, you always said I was crazy. Anyway I think you can already guess what type of note this is. It's a suicide note. Jonathan, I would stay, I want to be with you, I swear, even if we can't be what we both want to be because of my dumb killing problem. But...well, I realized it's not that I have a killing problem, y'know? I AM the killing problem. And it's time to dispose of the problem. I'm sorry. It'll never, ever be enough if I mean half as much to you as you do to me. Never, ever. I know. I'm sorry right now, you're hurting, and it's my fault. I'm sorry that I can't be next to you, cleaning up the mess I've left. I'm sorry I never got to tell you, one last time... This is my chance, huh? Better use it. I love you, Jonathan. More than me, more than my parents, more than anything, I love you, and I'm sorry. Remember to get into as much trouble as possible while I'm gone, OK? Lots of love and weary byes, Napoleon Maxwell Sowachowksi, (Sock!) PS: You can have my blanket if you want. And my school notes. I know you were slacking off in history, and we, I mean you have an assessment next week. You'll need them. In fact, take whatever you , if you don't talk at my funeral...Well, you better!\" \"So, what was it, honey? Does it tell you how he...y'know, died?\" \"Suicide. It was a suicide.\" Jonathan slipped the letter back into the envelope and hugged it to his chest. \"I...He wants me to talk at his funeral.\" Jon looked up to his Mom. \"C-can I?\" \"Of course, sweetie. Of course you can. He...He left a note for the hospital, too, and the funeral home. I'd reckon they'd say what the places need to know.\" Two weeks later, the funeral came by. None of Sock's family came to his apart from his Great Uncle, who nodded at Jonathan in approval, though the blonde knew not what made him deserve it. The teen was set on ignoring the funeral so he didn't cry, but when he was called up as a 'Special Friend' he couldn't help but angrily return from the detatchment he had placed between him and the world. He stood and as soon as he got on the podium, he looked at the priest and said: \"If it makes any difference now , of all times, I was his boyfriend .\" The room was silent, but has he looked around, most had a slight smile at that. \"I didn't meet Sock until highschool. Crazy, right? I'm stood here in front of old friends, one family member, which I'm still rather miffed about, but anyway, yeah. Most of you've known him forever, and I'm here, only knowing him for what, six or seven years?\" Jonathan laughed a little. \"Trust me, it felt like so much longer.\" \"Two years after meeting that little skirted nerd, I formed a crush. A bad, want-to-squeal-every-time-they-speak crush. But I was confused. Real confused. And I asked my Mom, I said: 'Mum...I like this person but it's a boy and I'm supposed to like girls , right'? And she was all like: 'Honey, you can like boys too. A lot of people don't like that, though, so if you say you only like boys, you will go into some raging battle of emotional turmoil and I promise, I will stand by you no matter what, ok?'\" Jonathan smiled at his mother. \"I'm lucky to have parents so supportive. I could've...Well, I could've had Sock's.\" \"Ever since we became close enough, we always used each other for comfort. He was protective, that little devil. Someone'd start threatening me and he'd go all up in their face, swearing 'till he was dragged off, screaming threats that I have no doubt in my mind he could fulfill. At first I was embarrassed, but you aren't embarrassed of friends. Never. I began to cherish the attitude he had. He could sass anyone who got in his way. Well, I started to love everything about him, actually. His weird sense of style, his sassines, his forest green eyes, oh I could stare into them all day. And his hair, God, his hair. Nothing could be as soft, as warm, as comforting. Every curve and edge, every flaw, every perfection, every single detail of that boy I loved with all my heart. All of it. I knew how bad his parents treat him. Heck, I know how bad I've treat him. I could make him so happy. And then make him so, so sad. I didn't realize I could change his feelings that quickly, but hey, I thought he didn't care about me. I was wrong.\" \"We got together just a month back. Only a month, I know. Shame I took so long, huh? And then, a week ago, he said he wanted to break it off 'cause he was too dangerous. He was selfless, he was caring, he was a nerd, he was a lot of things. But one thing he wasn't was dangerous. He gave me all I could ever ask for in a week and then stole it from me again, then took more away in the worst way possible. I don't think I could feel any more pain if I was trying to, you know? I think he underestimated how much I really cared for him. I can't-\" The blonde sucked in a breath. \"I don't really want to live in a world where I can't see those beautiful eyes, stroke that soft hair, hold his hand, even. Where I can never feel his lips on mine ever again. He'll never laugh again, never smile again. And part of me still thinks it's my fault. That it's my fault that he felt like he was a problem. An issue, needing to be rid of, you know? That maybe if I'd shown how much I really, truly, loved him. Then...Then maybe, just maybe, he'd still be here...He'd laugh and joke until I joined him. He'd tell me, stop being such a grumpy pants, Jon, it's not THAT bad, you can do it, I believe in you. And I-\" Jon choked back a sob, tears almost falling. \"I don't want to believe he's gone. B-but he is. A-and, God, where ever he is right now, I hope he can here me say that I love him, because I do. I so, so do. I never even realized it was so much until...Until I lost-\" And off they go, streaming down his face. \"Until I lost him.\" \"I'm sorry I couldn't save him. I'm sorry I've bored you with my sob-story of a life here. I'm sorry, and I love him. My little demon , Sock.\" AN: Did you know I was going to name this \"My Little Demon\" but I saw another fanfic that had that name so I changed it? Well, now you do. Please don't kill me! THINGS LIGHTEN UP SOON I PROMISE! Review? ~AP[Chapter 4] AN: Guess who's back back back back again gain gain OK actual demon Sock coming into this one (finally)! Sad stuff ensues. Don't kill me. ~AP Jonathan just ignored everything then. His mother made him move towns, he didn't utter a word. Extra homework, detentions, you could go on, he just IGNORED everything . Apart from one thing. Every Saturday, with no signification, he'd disappear. No one knew where he was until about 7pm, when Sock's great uncle would phone his parents up to tell them that it was OK, he was just stumbling about the old town and had come for a cup of coffee. But then, Maxwell had a heart attack and passed away. And then the boy didn't even go near the now ghost of a town. Just being disalliousioned with humanity was enough to make his parents worry, but then they realized something. This was exactly the attitude that Sock had pulled the teenager OUT of. And now the mischeivious bounce of a boy was gone, well, no one really could pull him out of it. Other parents said that it'd be just the grief, just the trauma. Maybe it was. I mean, his boyfriend committed suicide AND killed his parents, you'd be quite frazzled, wouldn't you? One day, he was waiting for the bus when a frankly annoying air seemed to fill in with an awkward boy who the other didn't look at properly. Great, an enthusiastic new guy. Jonathan expected the boy to leave him alone when they got on the bus, but no, he stood and stared for ten minutes until Jonathan reluctantly moved his bag and ignored everything. He was one hundred percent sure he could hear the guy talking to himself, but hey, if he was, his problem, not Jon's. He tried to ignore the guy, but this weird kid who he downright refused to look at after seeing the fact his shoes and clothes looked like Sock's, but that was impossible, because Sock was dead, had taken to ALWAYS taking the seat beside him in EVERY. SINGLE . CLASS . And, if that wasn't enough, finding a way to disrupt everybody and somehow that was Johnathan's fault, apparently. Basically, to make a long story short, he hated this kid in the first hour and it was only growing. The blond tried to make a pass to the guy in Phys. Ed, and yeah, maybe it was a little aggressive, but the guy could've at least tried to catch it. He got laughed at, and pretty much teased by the entire team, but he ignored them. Like he always did. It was just kind of a nuisance, to be honest. Said boy followed him home, and Jon just couldn't take it anymore. He slid his headphones to his shoulders and turned his head. \" WHAT do you WANT?! \" He probably shouldn't have near-yelled that, but he was frankly pissed at the guy, who'd already pretty much ruined his immediately terrible day. (Every day was terrible without Sock...) He heard the boy suck in a breath, and then... He regretted turning around. No, surely he was seeing things. That can't be Sock. \"I, uh...I'm a demon, and I'm here to haunt you? Wait, no, that was terrible...uh-\" Jonathan just walked inside and slammed the door, leaning against it. It was a coincidence...right? Sock...Sock isn't alive, Jon, stop hoping, he's DEAD. You saw his BODY. Dead. All the teenager could hope was that this weird Sock-lookalike didn't bother him too much after that. He couldn't see a face like that too much without breaking eventually. Unfortunately for him, or maybe NOT so unfortunately, his hopes were completely futile. AN: So this took forever and it's super short and you probably all hate me or have given up on this fic by now, and I'm just gonna blow this off by saying I am SO, SOOOOOOOOO SORRY! There's been so much going on with friends and school and family and relationships and everything was busy and confusing and I didn't honestly think about fanfic so much, even though I should've...Hopefully, I'm gonna get this one back on the road though! SO DON'T GIVE UP YET! Review if you liked, or want to scream at me for taking so long! ~AP[Chapter 5] AN: Hey guys uh I know you probably think this is a new chapter but uh... I'm leaving fanfiction. And this time, I'm not coming back. Don't worry, I'll leave all of my stories to good people, I have some friends on here and on wattpad who can continue them fine. It'll be as if I never left, I promise! I'm sorry, but the stress of life has become too much and I honestly can't balance an active fanfiction account right now. I am so sorry. Thank you to everybody who's ever stuck with, followed, favourited, reviewed or even just viewed my fanfictions. I love you all. Here's a song I wrote myself, consider it a goodbye gift from me. Especially for you guys. I'll leave a link in the top of my profile. Once again, I am so sorry. ~AP[Chapter 6] AN: I'm back from the dead! If only for a little while. So sorry about being off for so long. I'll try my best to keep a consistent schedule now, but don't count on it, knowing me! This is now AFTER the canon events of W2H, so yknow, yeah. Anyway, let's go! -AP \"Do you really have to stay here?\" Honestly, when someone's floating around, bothering you, who looks exactly like your dead boyfriend, you start to get just a little pissed off. The demon shrugged. \"I have weekends off.\" Jonathan sighed, glaring at the boy, who was hovering nonchalantly next to his computer desk. \"It's a Saturday. Why are you here?\" \"Because you're funny to watch.\" The teen's glare sharpened as he pulled himself to a sitting position on his bed, moving headphones down to his shoulders. \"What's that supposed to mean? Is my life amusing to you?\" Demon Sock-Lookalike (or DSL, for short.) fell in surprise, with an 'ouch', and then stood, cocking his head at the angry teenager. \"No. I mean, it's not really like that. It's just...how do I say this, um, you're so...\" He gestured wildly, waving his hands about like some sort of mime. \"Interesting.\" \"Interesting? Going to school and being normal is interesting?\" The blond boy snorted, leaning against the wall and looking at the demon properly. He hated to admit that the guy was kind of cute, but that was probably only because he looked like Sock, and nothing else. Nothing. Said ghost-type-whatever-the-hell-he-was-thing threw his head back and laughed. It was a pretty sound, a happy sound, like the trickle of a freshwater stream, or the sound of birds just waking up in the morning with tiny, adorable, tired chirps. Jon admitted he'd never seen the boy laugh, and it was...cute. And the dorkiest thing since wide-rimmed glasses. \"To me, yeah! I mean, I used to be human, obviously, but back then I wasn't really...normal. My life was screwed up. Like, super screwed up. So it's fascinating to see how you...I dunno, exist, I guess?\" He laughed again, and the annoyed teenager found himself blushing at the sound, so he covered his face with an old Chemistry book he had absolutely zero interest in. Just like Sock. \"You remind me of my boyfriend.\" The words slipped out without Jon wanting them to, and he immediately cursed himself in his head after saying them. \"I mean, he's dead, so...uh...sorry.\" The demon's smile faded, and he looked sad for a second, glancing down at the floor. He quickly shook himself, regaining his composure and grinning cheekily at the teen. \"Nah, it's fine. You remind me of someone too. I can't really remember who, but...Eh, whatever. Besides, this misses the point. I didn't know you're gay!\" \"I'M NOT GAY! I'm...\" \"Really, Jonathan? You're not gay?\" The demon raised his eyebrows at the teen, smiling mischievously and giggling under his breath. The teen shook his head and laid back, putting his hands behind his head. \"I don't really know what I am, actually. Everyone always asks.\" At the other's stress, the guy walked over, brows furrowed in a look of concern. \"Hey, that's okay. I don't really know, either.\" \"I thought Hell was full of sex and stuff, 'cause it's sin, right?\" The demon laughed again, and Jon found himself purposefully trying to provoke the sound. He liked it. Listening to people laugh was something he always liked, though. So it's not like it had anything to do with who was laughing at all. Nope. \"I wouldn't know. It's under renovations right now, so I've never really been past my boss' office.\" The boy confessed, rubbing the back of his head sheepishly. Jonathan shrugged lightly, closing his eyes to rest them. \"I guess you don't really need to know. My boyfriend...he's different. He's really different. He made me feel like nobody else did.\" \"He got you in that romcom cliché emotional rollercoaster, huh?\" At that, the blond attempted to elbow the ghost-thing, only for his arm to move through the guy, who just giggled again. \"I guess so. They do say you don't know what love is till you've found 'the one' don't they?\" He nodded, sitting on the edge of the bed and bouncing gently. \"I wouldn't know. I was kinda...dangerous. I wouldn't blame people for not loving me.\" Dangerous. \"Everyone deserves to be loved, though.\" Jon protested, sitting up and looking at the boy, who was studying his feet once again. He shrugged, turning so the apathetic teen couldn't see his face. \"I doubt many people I used to know would agree.\" \"Who cares?!\" Jonathan was getting angry. It sounded so like how Sock talked that he couldn't help it. \"They can think what they want! Everyone deserves someone who cares about them! And I'm sure someone did. I'm sure people loved you.\" The demon turned and smiled fondly at the teenager, still looking slightly sad for some unknown reason. Said teen found himself wanting- No, needing - to know what was wrong, to comfort the boy who'd come to make him off himself. \"...Jonathan, you're a good guy. I'm off the job, so, y'know...You're a really good guy. And I don't know why you care what I think of myself. I'm dead anyway, so it's not like I can do much about anything now.\" He looked up, surveying the patterns on the ceiling and sighing. His fingers gripped at the sheets on the bed and Jon shrugged again. \"Hey, anyway. I never asked. If you're staying here, I might as well know your name.\" The demon grinned, jumping up off of the bed and regaining his happy-go-lucky nature immediately. \"I thought you'd never ask!\" He turned to face Jonathan and his smile widened. He bowed comically, holding one hand out. \"Napoleon Maxwell Sowachowski! But you can call me Sock.\" But you can call me Sock. Call me Sock. SOCK. AN: I know it's super short but it's something! Anyway, I'm gonna try updating this every week from now on (no specific day though) until it's finished, because it's ended up dragging on much longer than I originally intended. Thanks for reading! -AP[Chapter 7] AN: so basically I want to finish this story, which is why weekly updates. have fun! I'll try not to rush, and actually make it good for you guys though. That reminds me; consider supporting my ! I don't have any income so I'd really appreciate it. Obviously all the stuff there is original, but it will support me and motivate me fanfiction-wise too. The link is on my profile! Thanks, and enjoy! -AP \"W-what?\" The teen realized he was shaking, and looked at the demon. It can't be Sock. It IS SOCK. \"S-Sock?\" The boy nodded, cocking his head to the side in confusion. Jonathan's attitude had just completely flipped, and Sock wondered if he caused it or not. Why would he? Jon's reaction was to immediately jump up and pounce-tackle the boy, clinging to his orange sweater as if he'd disappear (which technically, he could, but he was too confused right now to even move.) and beginning to sob lightly. \"Jon? What's wrong?\" Sock asked, brows furrowed. \"What did I do?\" \"S-S-Sock. Remember. Please. Remember us. Remember me. PLEASE.\" He was more talking to himself than the demon at that point, but somehow, his begging had an effect on the boy, who also began to cry, but he couldn't comprehend or understand why. He nuzzled into Jonathan's hair and had no idea why, it was almost as if it was habitual. But how could it be? He'd only been assigned to Jonathan; He never met him before that, right? Right? Mephistopheles suddenly appeared in front of Sock and sighed. \"Kid, we have to talk.\" The brunet didn't respond, still sniffling on Jon's shoulder and refusing to focus on his boss. Meph sighed again, and clicked his fingers, transporting both of them to his office. Sock opened his mouth in protest and Mephistopheles hushed him before he could speak, shaking his head. \"I paused time. Providence won't like it, but you'll be in the same place you guys left off.\" \"Talk. NOW.\" The short demon demanded, crossing his arms and glaring murderously at his employer. If you could call their relationship that in the first place. Mephistopheles sighed and ran his hand through his ginger hair. \"You knew Jon when you were alive. I have no one else to assign him to, so I erased your memory hoping it would help you. He didn't talk or think about you so I guess I thought he wouldn't notice. I was trying to help, Sowachowski.\" \"BULLSHIT! I WANT MY MEMORY BACK!\" Sock had already lost his temper, jumping up from the chair and slamming his hands down on Mephistopheles' desk. The elder sighed and glanced at the boy with a little fondness and a little frustration. \"Fine. Have them. But understand, Sock, you have a job. And if you don't complete it, then you'll be fired and thrown into torture like everyone else. I'm sorry, but right now, I can't afford to make exceptions for you.\" All he did was snap his fingers before Sock had a chance to respond, though his witty remark would do no good for him anyway, and suddenly he was back in the room. The rush of memories knocked him off of his feet and he clutched his head. The bullies. His parents. Joane. JON. Jonathan was staring at him, shaking, as he fell. Sock looked up at the boy he was in love with, so many emotions rushing through him that he could barely handle it, he was crying and frowning and laughing and smiling all at the same time and it was overwhelming the demon. He pushed himself off of the floor, standing and facing the wall, away from the teenager. As he wiped his face and rubbed his hand over his hat, he steadied himself, both mentally and physically. He took a deep breath and said the words he wish he'd known to say earlier. \"Jonathan...\" \"Yeah?\" The stutter was distant, but still there, in the boy's voice as he looked, still tearful despite himself. This was how Sock had always made him. Vulnerable. Emotional. Pain in the best ways. \"I remember you.\" At that moment, Jonathan's heart could've burst out of his chest. AN: NOICE! There's probably gonna be one, maybe two more chapters left of this fic, so indulge yourselves whilst it lasts! Review, thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoyed it! ","Summary":" AN: Hello! It's me again. I can't stop writing Welcome To Hell, dammit! Have a Highschool!Human!AU."},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Bright and Blinding","Author":"Luckynumber28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12851920","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Trigger Warning: Mentions of sexual abuse Boston College March 2005 The dorm room was chilled in the early morning with the scent of instant coffee lingering in the air. Even though it was almost April, winter had once more crept up the northeast coast, frosting the windows of Boston College. With the warm weather they had enjoyed the past couple days, the facility had turned off the heat prematurely in the building. The past week had been sunny as May with students throwing Frisbees on the green lawn spreading out below her room. Catie had unsuccessfully tried to convince Marianne out into the warmth several times. Marianne had waved off her roommate with a pained smile, hands trembling as she packed her things. Once her roommate had left, she turned up her Dave Matthews CD as loud as she could to drown out her thoughts. The carnations Catie had bought to cheer her up were already wilting on the radiator by the window, petals dropping to the hardwood floor. \"Remind me never to buy gas station flowers again,\" Catie snorted as she sipped her coffee from a solo cup. She poked one of the drooping buds thoughtfully as Marianne watched her from a bundle of blankets. \"You sure about all this?\" Marianne reached for a Kleenex and blew her nose. Pouring herself a dose of Dayquil, she threw it back like a shot and sighed. \"I'm sure.\" \"But its only two months till graduation.\" \"I know.\" \"Did you talk to your counselor again?\" Marianne shook her stuffed head, her cold still raging after a week. \"Don't need to.\" Catie flexed her hands around the steaming cup and sank down into her desk chair. \"I could really kill that guy.\" Marianne rattled a weak chuckle. \"How would you do it?\" \"Vehicular manslaughter sounds good, doesn't it? Something about that word slaughter... \" Pushing her mussed bangs off her forehead, Marianne gave a genuine laugh and settled into her blankets. \"Catherine Kim, your father would have a conniption if you got blood on that brand new Range Rover he bought you.\" Catie smirked and blinked up with her monolid, dark eyes, her skin flawless from her Korean mother's relentless beauty treatments she sent her only daughter. \"Blood washes off.\" Marianne pushed herself off the bed, her side of the room bare except for her pillow and quilts. Everything was ready to be shipped home later that day. Home. Marianne bit her bottom lip at the thought of that empty word. Her father was still in Kabul doing a story and wouldn't be back in the states for weeks. \"You talked to your dad yet?\" Catie asked. \"His machine.\" \"Did you leave a message?\" Marianne shook her head as she duct taped the last box of books. \"And say what? I'm dropping out for no apparent reason two months before graduation?\" \"There is a reason and a good one.\" Catie downed the last of her coffee and strode to her friend's side. \"Why don't you fight it?\" \"Because it was consensual-\" \"But you didn't consent to that asshole hiding in a closet and filming the whole thing! That's a violation, abuse even,\" Catie ranted. Marianne was too weary from embarrassment and tears to react. She laid a hand on her friend's forearm. \"I'm so glad you got that acceptance to Harvard Law. You were born to dominate a courtroom.\" \"That's beside the point.\" Catie waved her hand dismissively. \"I wish you'd go to the school board about it.\" Marianne didn't reply as she started to get dressed. She hadn't dared get near a computer since it had happened, much less the internet. She had been dating Justin for five months, her first real boyfriend and the first boy she had ever slept with. He was polite, charming and had lavishly treated her to expensive restaurants, theater tickets and the like. His family was wealthy and well established in the Boston area and he had been impressed with her father being the renowned international journalist. They were both looking for jobs in newspapers down in New York City. He had even hinted at getting an apartment together, even motioning towards diamond ring ads with a wry grin. \"Justin needs to be held accountable for what he did to you.\" Marianne shook her head. \"He wasn't the one filming in the closet or the one who put the video online.\" \"But he knew that creep friend of his was in there, doing just that while you two were having sex. He filmed you having sex without your consent, that's sick!\" Catie protested, her nostrils flaring in disgust. \"He said it was only supposed to be for himself when we were apart and he never meant to humiliate me-\" \"Humiliate you to the point where you drop out of school to escape the hecklers and rumors?\" Marianne blew her nose again, her heart thudding at the memory of the rumor mill spitting out conjectures. They were saying that she knew they were filming her and that she allowed them to post the video online, that she thought she was some kind of a Paris Hilton with her own sex tape. The Mari Buckner Porno had spread through the campus like a virus before anything could be done. Even the faculty knew about it. Her academic counselor had barely been able to look her in the eye when she had gone to him to talk about dropping out. \"So you are going to let them sling mud at you while Justin struts around like the big man on campus?\" \"What he does is none of my concern.\" Catie sighed. \"Well, I'm glad you broke it off with that boy instead of forgiving him.\" Marianne gripped the back of her desk chair. She had truly thought Justin McCrae had been the one. The trauma of what had happened had wiped her clean of her identity. She didn't know who she was anymore in the matter of a few weeks. \"So where are you going? Did you decide?\" Marianne tapped a thin finger on the plane ticket laying on the desk. Catie twirled it around and grinned. \"Best choice you could have made. Did you talk to Shannon yet?\" \"I called her yesterday.\" \"Good. I'm glad. You need your family around you now. A change of scenery will do you good then you can come back and finish when you are ready-\" A knock at the door interrupted Catie. She walked over to the door. Marianne kept her back to it as Catie spoke with a stranger. She turned to find Catie standing with a dozen roses and a stuffed teddy bear, her mouth pulled tight in anger. \"Justin?\" Marianne asked weakly. It had been the third attempt that week for him to apologize. All the other tries had gone unanswered. Silently, Catie walked over to the iced window and grunted as she opened it then tossed out the vase of flowers. There was a satisfying crash and Catie nodded, brushing off her hands. She picked up the bear and held it out over the sill for the same fate. \"Wait,\" Marianne rushed towards the window, the air biting as it slipped into the already cold room. She took the stuffed bear from her and straightened his plaid bowtie. \"You actually want that thing? Stuffed bears are so cheesy. All those Korean guys mom sets me up with on blind dates are obsessed with them, its ridiculous. Do I look twelve years old?\" Marianne grinned and glanced up at her friend. \"You have skin like a baby's bottom. You're going to look like an adolescent until you're forty.\" Catie crossed her arms over her chest and suppressed a grin. \"Well... you are right about that, you have seen my mom after all.\" Marianne tucked the bear under her arm, unsure why she had saved him from being tossed out the window. She tucked him into her leather carry on bag for her flight later that night. \"Do you want me to send you anything from England? Maybe a couple Atomic Kitten and Sugababe CDs?\" Catie brightened at that prospect. Her enthusiasm for British pop girl bands was insatiable. \"Yes please!\" Marianne was pretty certain her cold would be gone by the time she touched down in Heathrow the next day. However, the shame of the past couple weeks would no doubt be harder to leave behind, even after crossing the ocean.[Chapter 2] As she had predicted, her congestion had magically evaporated by the time the pilot announced over the intercom they would be landing soon in London. Marianne had always felt a keen connection between her physical and mental health. If something was bothering her, she inevitably would catch a cold or suffer from a nasty case of heart burn. With Justin and the rest of the campus gossips safely a hundred thousand miles away, she was just another nameless sex tape on the internet along with all the other wannabe starlets from California. Popping one last Dayquil for good measure, Marianne slung the strap to her leather bag across her chest and dragged her suitcase over to the bathroom in the baggage claim area. The mirror showed her sleepless night in her pallid skin and sunken, hazel eyes. Marianne turned up her the music on her blue Ipod Mini. It was a new album from a band called The Killers she had downloaded before leaving. Cleansing her heart shaped face with a baby wipe, she smeared on tinted moisturizer and dabbed a layer of powder. After painting her slim lips with a coat of pink lip gloss, she fluffed her long, brunette layers over her shoulders and smoothed out her bangs. She hoped she didn't look as dead on the outside as she did within or else she'd never hear the end of it from Shannon. Avoiding eye contact with an old woman leaving one of the stalls, she ducked out of the bathroom and wandered towards the exit. The designated smoking area outside the rotating doors was choked with nicotine. Marianne coughed into her fist and pulled out her map. \"Taxi?\" A cab driver called to her from the bustling curb, smacking his gum and tipping his hat. She had rarely taken taxis in Boston having always preferred the T. If she could find her way to the train station she could save Shannon the cab fare because she certainly didn't have the euros for it. \"No thank you,\" she replied with a wary smile before dragging her things in the direction she hoped was towards the train station. Thankfully she was correct. The wheels of her suitcase bumped up the stairs of the station. Her head spun in the damp cold. Heart beating fast, she paused in front of a train schedule and studied the map that Catie had printed for her. \"Where you headed?\" Marianne jumped at the voice by her shoulder and turned to find a young man about her age. He pushed tangled hair from his forehead, heavy lidded and deep set eyes taking her in appreciatively. Shadows of old bruises marked his face as though he'd been in an accident. \"No offense but you look lost,\" he tried again when she didn't reply. Marianne broke eye contact and peered back down at her map. \"Here is where I need to be,\" she replied concisely and pointed to the neighborhood where her sister said she'd meet her. \"A Yank, eh?\" He grinned after briefly looking at the map. Marianne nodded silently, wary of strangers in a strange city. Something about the markings on his face made Marianne wonder if they had been from a fist fight instead of an accident. \"Well, from the looks of it, you're in luck.\" He pointed up to the board of rotating numbers over their heads. \"10:00 AM. You've got fifteen minutes to get a ticket.\" Marianne nodded her thanks and tried to roll away towards the ticket booth. Before she could grab her bag, the young man took the handle. \"Please let me. It will be faster.\" He paused after she gave him a hard stare, her face taut with worry. \"Really, I'm fine-\" \"I'm not being dodgy, don't worry. Just thought you looked knackered and could use some help. I'll just see you to your train.\" He gave a breathy laugh and held out a hand, the knuckles bruised and swollen. Perhaps he was a boxer. \"I'm John Bovver.\" Gingerly she shook his extended hand. \"Marianne.\" \"So what are you doing here in Jolly Old?\" he ventured tentatively as they walked towards the ticket counter. \"Jolly Old?\" Marianne asked. \"England.\" Marianne winced at the obviousness of it. The rough young man named Bovver only hid a grin. \"I'm visiting family. My sister moved here a few years ago.\" \"That so?\" Taking the ticket, he followed her towards the platform. \"She married a local.\" He stuck his hands in his pockets and rocked on his clean, white sneakers as they came to a stop. \"Lots of you Yank girls hopping the pond for a man. That what you plannin' on doin'?\" Marianne scoffed. After everything she had gone through, a relationship was the farthest thing from her mind. \"Can't say it's in the plan.\" He rubbed the back of his neck and met her eyes again. \"Just at the moment?\" The train pulled up the tracks with a piercing squeal. Marianne looked away with a shrug, unsure of how to answer his polite but persistent interest. She was too jet lagged and too emotionally drained to fend off any more well meant flirting. \"Thank you for your help, John.\" He handed the bag up to her as she stepped onto the train. \"I'll be seeing you sometime maybe. I live around that area.\" With a faint smile, Marianne escaped into the train car. The sad thing was that six months earlier, she would have bantered playfully with the guy. She didn't get a creepy feeling from him and he was definitely interested. Tucking herself into a window seat and putting on her headphones, she drowned out her fears with the music. She tried not to think about the sheet of paper still in her backpack, her resume that she had been planning on sending to Rolling Stone Magazine. It would have been a shot in the dark with her coming right out of college, but she had never wanted to do anything more than music journalism. Peering out the window as the train pulled away, she noticed John Bovver walking with his distinct, swinging strut towards the exit. Giving a quick glance towards her train over his shoulder, he disappeared from view. Part of her hoped she wouldn't run into him again so she wouldn't be forced to repeat the entire awkward episode.[Chapter 3] From the moment Shannon had handed him over at the entrance of the subway, Marianne hadn't put down her baby nephew. Skirting the broken glass from the decimated telephone booth that Shannon had brushed off as the result of over-exuberant soccer fans, Marianne hitched Ben on her hip as Shannon tucked her carry on bag in the stroller. \"He smells so good,\" Marianne laughed, the little boy playing with the heart locket on her necklace. \"Well I hope so, he got a bath before we came here. Had to look his best to meet Aunt Mari for the first time.\" Ben rested his head against the crook of her neck and Marianne felt the burden of the past few weeks lift. Catie was right, she did need to be home and the only home she had for now was with her sister. Even though years had passed since they had seen each other, it felt as though they had returned to the night Shannon was getting ready for high school prom while Marianne swung her ten year old, chicken legs over the edge of her bed, flipping through her Seventeen magazines. Marianne sank into a sweet weariness as she tucked her feet under her and hugged a throw pillow on Shannon's designer couch. The living room was tastefully decorated in a refined yet unstated style that mirrored what their mother would have done. Shannon smiled as she handed her a steaming mug of tea, Ben playing quietly in his play pen. \"He is such a good baby,\" Marianne commented. \"He reminds me of you actually. When you were little, I always heard that you were a much easier baby than I ever was,\" Shannon smirked, resting her neck into her hand. She had inherited their mother's defined cheek bones and catlike eyes. It made it a bit difficult to look at her especially when she laughed. She leaned forward and set her mug on a coaster. \"So I have to ask, what's going on?\" Marianne hid a yawn. \"You mean with school? \"Yes.\" \"Just wanted a little break. I needed to get away for a bit.\" \"Couldn't it have waited until May? I was planning on visiting for your graduation.\" Avoiding her sister's probing look, Marianne waggled her fingers at Ben with a forced grin. \"Its just kind of a long story, Shan. Honestly, I'm starting to feel the jet lag.\" Shannon sat back with a sigh. \"Okay but you aren't getting out of it. Especially since dad doesn't even know yet.\" Marianne snorted and rubbed her raw eyes. Her head throbbed from a lack of sleep, her quickly bought middle seat in coach having offered little comfort on the transatlantic flight. \"I tried.\" \"Oh I bet you did. I remember having a very close relationship with his voicemail back in college.\" \"Don't worry though, Shan,\" Marianne replied with a casual wave of her hand. She stood and stretched her stiff back. \"I didn't knock over a bank and I'm not into drugs. I didn't even cheat on a test and get caught. I really just needed to get away.\" With one last narrow eyed stare, Shannon nodded in defeat. \"Alright then. I'll let it slide for now. Why don't you go up and take a quick power nap before dinner? I won't let you sleep too long though or else you'll never sleep tonight.\" Marianne brushed a kiss on Ben's feathery blond head before swiftly ducking out of the room. She had to think about how to explain the whole thing to Shannon. Telling their father would be mortifying enough when it came to it. The guest room where Shannon had put her was small but beautifully decorated like the rest of the house. The black bed frame was pushed up next to the single window overlooking the street below with a seat built under the glass panes. After changing into a comfortable pair of terry cloth pants and her Boston College t-shirt, she slipped under the beige sheets and dropped off quickly. Shannon never needed to wake her. A loud banging on the door downstairs roused her from sleep. Rubbing her tangled hair from her face, she stumbled from the bed. The clock read that she had only slept for a half hour but perhaps that was best, however disoriented she felt. Slinging her arms into a burgundy cardigan, she ventured downstairs. \"Ay ay!\" A male voice echoed obnoxiously through the downstairs. Crossing her arms over her chest, she edged towards the kitchen. Shannon's husband stood at the entrance with Ben in his arms. She hadn't seen him since they had gotten married three years earlier. Though she hadn't made it to the wedding, they had stopped over for a quick visit in Boston before continuing on for their honeymoon in Mexico. Steve gave her a warm smile, still wearing his well fitted suit from work. He shifted Ben to his other arm as she gave him a side hug. \"Look who finally crossed the pond, eh? How you doin', love?\" He asked congenially, though his tone was tight with apprehension. \"Fine, good to see you too.\" Shannon stood stiffly by the kitchen island, her jaw clenched and gaze darting from the figure by the fridge then back to her sister. The tall stranger in the camel trench turned towards them, a beer in his hand. As he bit off the bottle cap, his eyes grazed over her with vague interest, his stare potent under dark eyebrows. With the jawline of an Abercrombie model and the swagger of a thousand frat boys Marianne had known in college, she immediately took a disliking to him. \"Mari, this is Steve's brother Pete. Pete, this is my sister, Marianne,\" Shannon gave the sparse introductions, her movements tense. With the cap lodged in his cheek, he gave her a slick, half smile and held out his hand. \"So which is it then?\" \"Which is what?\" \"The name? Shannon said Mari but also Marianne, so which is it?\" He held her hand a moment longer than necessary. \"Annie then?\" \"Marianne is fine,\" she replied soberly, releasing his hand. With his booming voice and abrasive manner, he seemed determined to make himself the center of attention. He was so different from Justin whose subtlety was what drew her to him in the first place. He was always in control and never had to throw his weight around, not like this guy. As Pete nodded while withdrawing a step, she got the distinct impression that he had sized her up as much as she had him. He tossed the cap in the trash bin before turning his brother. \"Hey Ben!\" He crowed, leaning towards the baby. Shannon ran a hand over her face as he grasped the child's hand. \"West Ham till I die! West Ham till I die, I know I am, I'm sure I am-\" Shannon stepped forward and took her son from her husband. \"I'm taking him to bed.\" Pete Dunham watched her with a smug grin as though getting rid of Shannon was his plan all along. Still woozy from her rude awakening, Marianne had taken all she could handle. Without saying anything more, she followed her sister. \"Nice to meeting yah, my colonial cousin!\" Pete called out after them. Marianne didn't answer. Once they were saftly at the landing of the stairs, Pete's obnoxious crow reverberating up towards them, Shannon turned towards her. \"I know he is my brother-in-law-\" \"But he's an ass,\" Marianne finished the sentence for her. \"Yeah I got the impression.\" \"And he runs with a rough crowd.\" Shannon led her into Ben's nursery, the walls decorated with prints from Peter Rabbit. Marianne sat down in the white rocking chair by the window while Shannon set Ben down on the changing table and pulled out a new diaper. \"Gets some drinks in, get some drinks in!\" Sounded from downstairs. \"Where does this guy think he is? A fraternity house?\" Marianne asked, crossing her legs and leaning back in the chair. \"No, he just treats my home like its the local pub. It's because he hates me.\" Marianne snorted. \"Why?\" Rolling up the dirty diaper and tossing it in the can by the door, Shannon sighed. \"Because he thinks I'm the reason why Steve doesn't go with their crowd anymore.\" \"The rough crowd you were talking about?\" \"Exactly.\" \"What kind of crowd is it?\" Shannon hitched Ben on her hip and walked him towards the crib. \"The football crowd.\" \"You mean soccer.\" \"Don't let them hear you call it that. It's football and they are obsessed on a scary level. Steve used to be into it but he doesn't go all out anymore.\" The front door slammed closed downstairs. Marianne rose to her feet and pulled back the sheer curtain, peeking down into the street. \"What is it? Some kind of cult?\" \"Might as well be.\" Pete Dunham came into view, strutting down the sidewalk in the same manner the guy Bovver had sported. They even wore the same clean white sneakers. Pete glanced up towards the window as he lit a cigarette. Spotting her, he blew out a mouthful of smoke and gave her a wink but it didn't feel flirtatious. The smart ass sneer that followed confirmed that fact. \"I can't believe he's Steve's brother. Steve is kind of standoffish but he's so nice.\" Marianne shook her head as she turned back to her sister. Shannon bit her lower lip as she held Ben's hand where he lay in the crib. \"I hate to ask this on your first night here.\" \"What is it?\" She sighed. \"Steve likes to be spontaneous. He bought theater tickets to go see 'Chicago' since I mentioned that I'd really like to go sometime. He just sprung this on me while you were sleeping and I said I'd talk to you first.\" Marianne braced her hands on the edge of the crib. \"Do you need a babysitter?\" \"No, no! Of course not, I wouldn't ask you to do that. He's already arranged one. Would you mind if we went tonight? You could sleep or order out food? There is a TV in the guest room so you wouldn't have to feel awkward around the sitter. Do you mind?\" \"Of course not,\" Marianne replied with a smile, secretly relieved at having one more night to avoid anymore questions about her escape from Boston. \"I'll go wander a bit, pick up something for dinner and then come back and crash.\" \"You sure you'll be okay?\" \"Of course, I've been living in Boston for a couple years now. I'm street smart, don't worry.\" Shannon snorted. \"Alright then, thanks Mari.\" After changing into a fresh pair of jeans with a blue turtle neck and her black coat, she went downstairs. Steve forced a good bit of cash on her, insisting that he would do the same for her as he did for Pete. Shannon rolled her eyes behind his back as they both realized why Pete had dropped by in the first place; begging for money from his brother. Accepting it begrudgingly and giving him another hug, she trotted out into the gray afternoon. Feeling more at ease than she had that morning after a good nap and establishing a home base with Shannon, Marianne trotted towards the subway station. The fresh feeling of anonymity in a new city left her breathless with freedom. After days of ducking her head and avoiding the stares of fellow students, being in a place where no one knew what the Mari Buckner Porno was made her feel exhilarated. She felt the impulse to explore a little. The echoing underground was glaringly bright under the buzz of the fluorescence. The floor clicking under her ankle boots, Marianne gripped her purse in front of her body. She came to a stop in front of the \"Mind the Gap\" warning lining the ledge to the tracks. The cars pulled up just as she got there. Glancing to her left, her heart dropped as she noticed a familiar figure boarding the same train as her. Avoiding eye contact with Pete Dunham, she melted into the crowd and kept her head down.[Chapter 4] Commuters packed into car like sardines in a tin. Marianne clung to a pole, not daring to look over her shoulder where Pete had taken a seat. She wondered how long she would have to ride on that line till she could get off without being noticed. Tapping her fingers on the yellow metal, she returned a friendly nod from an older woman knitting by the window. Relaxing a little, she didn't notice the shift in passengers behind her as they made their first stop. \"There, love, take a seat.\" She felt a tap on her shoulder and turned to see that Pete Dunham was offering her his place. His eyes widened as he recognized her. Giving a guffaw, he ran a hand over his shaved head. \"Marianne called Mari is it? They kick you out already?\" Shrinking from his close proximity in the cramped car, Marianne trained her eyes forward. \"They're going out on a date.\" Pete scoffed. \"Ain't that typical. Well, take the seat then.\" \"I'm fine.\" The train gave a strong jolt and she fell sideways into him. She didn't have the chance to collect herself before he had moved her over to the seat. Gracelessly, she tumbled back into it. \"Yeah, you look like you're doin' fine.\" He stood by the pole next to her, facing outwards and studying the crowd. Marianne crossed her arms over her chest and turned her body away, hoping he would get the hint that she wasn't interested in small talk. He didn't. \"So what are you doing out here anyway? Shouldn't you be going for a spa day with your sis or whatever it is you birds like to do?\" Marianne hugged her purse to her body. \"They had plans.\" \"Plans?\" \"Date night.\" \"So what does that leave you to do? Ride around on the Tube by yourself?\" The lady with the knitting gave her an inquisitive look as though asking if she was okay. Marianne smiled quietly and looked down at her chipped manicure. \"Just looking for somewhere to eat.\" \"Personally, I think you look like you could use a drink,\" he commented, his tone dropping as he leaned towards her. \"I'm heading over to a local place you might like, unless you were sticking to the tourist route.\" Marianne stiffened. \"I'm fine.\" \"Right. Sorry, I forgot.\" Pete snickered. \"Oh well. Have fun then, Yank.\" With that, he trotted off the train as it came to a stop. Marianne let out her breath and avoided watching him disappear around the corner as the subway car started again. Putting in her headphones, she got off at the next stop. She had no idea where she was as she emerged into a light drizzle. Studying the street, she found that she was less exuberant than before she had run into Pete Dunham. Keeping her eyes to her feet, she strode down the sidewalk until the drizzle turned to a heavier rain. She turned a corner and spied a shabby Cyber Cafe. As she emerged into the warm air of the small cafe humming with the drone of a dozen PCs, she wandered towards the coffee bar and ordered an Americano. Steaming cup in hand, she slid behind a free monitor and decided to conquer her fear of the internet while she waited for the rain to clear. The chances of her seeing anything about the video were slim to none. She wouldn't check her MySpace page or the underground gossip site for BC students where most of the rumors were swelling. Catie had said it would probably be forgotten in a matter of weeks but Marianne knew it would take much longer for her. Pulling up her email on Yahoo, she perused the numerous spam advertisements that gummed up her mailbox after neglecting it for so long. Towards the top, sent the day before she'd left, there was an unopened file with the subject box bearing a single word. Sorry . Marianne's stomach lurched as she read the sender. JmcRae83, Justin's handle. Pushing away from the desk, she sucked in a lungful of air. The nearby patrons glanced at her curiously before turning back to their monitors. Gathering her nerve, she pulled the rolling chair towards the computer once more. She tapped her fingers rapidly on the mouse before taking the dive and clicking the email open. Please contact me. I can't let it end like this. This wasn't my fault. I wish you'd believe me. Justin Marianne clicked the delete button then purged her trash bin. Downing her coffee, she rushed from the cafe like it was on fire. Thankfully the rain had abated though the sky was still a heavy gray. The weight of his words weighed her down as she walked, her steps jerky. She wished she had Catie with her to tell her that she had done the right thing. She needed to cut all communication with him or else risk further contamination. Even reading that email had made her feel dirty. Perhaps Pete was right, maybe she did need a drink. Losing herself in Regina Spektor's album 'Soviet Kitsch', she pulled out one of her ear buds and looked around only to realize she was miserably lost. Cars lined both sides of a street with uniform buildings looming overhead. With a nervous clip to her step, she crossed the road and walked down towards a corner pub. An array of benches sat outside it, a scattering of people milling around them with plastic cups of beer in their fists. \"Excuse me,\" she called out tentatively as she approached the pub. \"I'm sorry but-\" \"Marianne?\" A young man rose from a bench and tossed his cigarette to the ground. An inquisitive smile tugged at John Bovver's thin lips as he sauntered towards her. Marianne stashed her headphones in her purse, trying not to feel pleased at seeing a familiar face. She reminded herself she barely knew him. \"I made it to my sister's alright,\" she said with a short laugh. \"Did yah? Then what are you doing all the way out here?\" She shrugged. \"Just taking a walk.\" \"All alone?\" He frowned. \"Now I'm not tryin' to be your dad or nothin' but that might not be such a good idea later on. It's football day around here and things can get pretty dodgy.\" \"Yeah I heard but actually-\" she winced up at him. \"I think I'm lost.\" \"Again? Marianne, c'mon now,\" he replied playfully. \"I don't think I caught your last name.\" \"Buckner.\" \"Can I buy you a beer and then help get you pointed in the right direction?\" Marianne cocked her head to the side, the sounds of laughter escaping from the pub as the door opened. Perhaps it would do her some good to be around people right then, forget about the email and what she was going to tell her sister. She nodded. \"Yeah, I guess that sounds good.\" Bovver snorted. \"You just guess? I can go with that. C'mon then. I'll introduce you to some other blokes. Don't usually like outsiders but I think we can make an exception.\"[Chapter 5] A murky film of smoke coated the air above the room, illuminated by the watery light flooding the pub windows. Despite being permeated with the smell of cigarettes and stale beer, the place was fairly neat. A large bar made from dark wood and a series of benches down the rectangular room gleamed from a fresh waxing. It was busy for the middle of the afternoon though none of the voices were raised in inebriated fervor. Keeping her head down, Marianne followed Bovver to the back of the pub. The farthest corner of red cushioned benches were occupied by a group of rowdy young men, a set of three tables pulled up between them. A series of pints and pitchers filled with frothing beer scattered the surfaces. The excited talk slowly faded as she came into view behind Bovver. \"Ay ay,\" Bovver smirked as he shook hands with one of the guys, the others staring at her like she had suddenly grown another head. \"Who's this now? Not like you to bring someone around, Bov,\" the one with the cheeky grin said as he held out a hand towards her. \"Swill.\" Marianne gave his hand a quick shake with a fleeting smile. \"Mari.\" \"Just ran into her outside and invited her in for a beer,\" Bovver explained dourly before proceeding to introduce the other characters at the table. \"Pull up a seat, Mari.\" The dark haired one named Dave gestured to a red leather stool across from him. \"Now how do you two know each other?\" \"Go way back.\" Bovver shrugged, taking a seat at the end of the table and tossing her a clandestine wink. Marianne tucked her hair behind her ears and glanced down at her lap. \"Since nine o'clock this morning at least.\" Swill snorted as he poured her a glass of beer. \"This morning?\" \"I was trying to figure out the train schedule to get to here from Heathrow. I just flew in from Boston today.\" A hand landed firmly on her shoulder as she brought the beer to her lips. Marianne choked on her sip as she gazed up into Pete Dunham's wry grin that didn't reach his eyes. He arched a dark eyebrow. \"Well isn't this a small world, Marianne called Mari.\" Pete sank into the chair next to her, keeping his eyes on Bovver as he lit a cigarette. \"How do you know Shannon's sister, Bov?\" Bovver's gaze danced between them in surprise as the waitress brought over a tray of shots. Marianne took one gratefully as Dave offered it, throwing it back to quell her nerves. She needed some liquid fortification to survive this kind of surprise. Bovver leaned towards her over the table. \"You're Shannon's sister?\" Marianne coughed as the liquor burned her throat. \"Yes, last I checked. I didn't know you two were friends.\" \"Me n' Bov? Yeah, been friends for years,\" Pete replied dryly, leaning back in his seat. He gave her a chilly grin. \"Now we can all be friends, eh?\" Thankfully, the conversation took a gregarious turn into the semantics of cockney slang which they informed her of in detail. Marianne finished off her first beer quickly, the liquor numbing the awkwardness she had felt upon entering the pub. Pete ignored her for the most part, though she could hardly blame him. After a while, it didn't bother her as she struggled to keep up with Swill's lightening quick questions about Boston. Bovver smacked Mike over the head when he had jokingly called her a Septic Tank, the cockney word for Yank. Red faced, he apologized as he twisted the wedding band his hand. From what she could tell, Mike was the only one married. \"You planning on taking this girl to the match today?\" Dave asked Bovver. Bov shot Pete an inquisitive glance before turning towards Marianne. \"I wasn't sure if she'd be interested.\" \"Interested in what?\" she asked. \"Football.\" \"Soccer, gentlemen. Remember with our little Septic Tank here,\" Pete crowed, earning a chorus of hoots at the jab. Bovver's expression drew tight and Pete gave a charming smile. \"Sorry, I mean Yank. No offense, love.\" Marianne ignored him. \"There is a football match today?\" \"Would you like to come?\" Bovver asked her, lighting another cigarette. She could sense Pete tense next to her as he downed the last of his beer. With a quick glance in his direction, she caught a quickly concealed frown. If anything, it made her want to go even more, despite not knowing anything about the sport. With muted surprise, she realized that they had been sitting there for nearly two hours and she hadn't thought once about the video or Justin. It was the first time she had been truly free from thoughts of them. She wanted to lose herself a little more. \"I would love to, if you have an extra ticket,\" she replied with a flicker of a grin towards Bovver, feeling a little of her old self come to the surface. As the time for the match drew closer, the gathering in the bar grew bigger and rowdier. They were finally evicted from their seats to make room for more standing room. The only thing Marianne could compare the scene to were pep rallies in high school or the bars in Southie before a Red Sox game. The crowd swelled from liquor and anticipation, Marianne and the other boys packed by the bar as Bovver and another fan stood on a nearby table to lead the crowd in cheers. Her blood heated from the liquor and senses pleasantly fuzzy, Swill and Dave shot out commentary with their heavy slang while simultaneously trying to explain themselves. Pete hovered behind them, one ear on the conversation while hooting out the cheers with gusto. Someone threw a beer and suddenly Bovver and the other fan were drenched as the bar chanted the West Ham fight song. Marianne slipped away to the ladies room before she got too wet. Rinsing some of the beer from the back of her head and reapplying her lip gloss, she smiled in the mirror, feeling more like herself than she had in weeks. Maybe it was the attention that the other boys smothered on her or Bovver's subtle flirting. Quite possibly it was just the copious amounts of alcohol. Whatever it was, Marianne was thankful for an afternoon to forget about everything she had run from back in Boston. \"Excuse me-\" she blurted as she nearly hit another body with the door as she walked back out into the pub. \"Marianne called Mari, come here a second.\" Pete pushed the door closed behind her and pulled her by the elbow into a quiet corner. He peered down, putting his entire focus on her for the first time that night. \"I don't think this is a good idea for you to come to the match.\" Marianne scoffed. \"Why is that?\" \"Because these things can get a little rough sometimes and I don't want you to get hurt. I have my brother and Shannon to think about and so do you.\" With a smirk, Marianne tried to move past him, the alcohol in her system making her brazen. \"I think you're just being an arrogant ass because I didn't want to get a drink with you earlier. To be honest, I think you're an arrogant ass a lot of the time.\" Pete let out a mirthless bark of a laughter. \"Fine. It's your skin. You in the mood for a little danger, Yank, go ahead. I won't stop you.\" \"What's that supposed to be?\" She sneered up at him venomously. \"A threat?\" \"No, just a warning. But I won't be the one to explain to your sister if anything happens. You go right ahead, darling.\" With that he strode away from the heated conversation into the crowd. Marianne wrapped her arms around her torso and looked after him. Bovver stumbled towards her, the worse for the liquor as well. He gave her a grin, eyes blurry and doused in beer. \"We're about ready to leave. You ready, Yank?\" It was too late to back out now, not after her exchange with Pete. She would lose face if she didn't go. After all, she'd survived Boston the year before when they'd won the World Series and that had been crazy enough. This was merely a common soccer match, nothing special from what she could tell in the conversation with the other boys. Marianne shrugged. \"I'll get my coat.\" Bovver gave her elbow a squeeze as he passed towards the mens room. \"Sounds good.\" Strutting past Pete where he stood paying his tab at the bar, she felt his eyes on her as she moved towards Dave and Swill. Her sister had been more than right, Pete Dunham was an ass of colossal proportions. ","Summary":" Trigger Warning: Mentions of sexual abuse Boston College March 2005 The dorm room was chilled in th"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Hooligans","Author":"Sportin' Purple Neck Pillows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6997577","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Notes: This is my attempt at a Green Street Hooligans story. I will be switching up some minor things, but I will generally be following the same outline as the movie. So, I hope you enjoy. Please review! Thanks a bunch lovelies! It's been just me and my brother for a while. My mom, well, she died along time ago. My sister, Shannon, ran away to England when she died. As for my loving father, let's just leave it at that he's never really been the loving father type. Or well, not for a while at least. My brother is Matt Buckner, nearly a Harvard graduate for journalism. And a damn good one at that. He's been my inspiration throughout my whole high school career. If it weren't for him I probably wouldn't have been able to make it, and especially not with honors. So that's why when the news he gave me today, I wanted to rip the fucking head off of Jeremy Van fucking Holden. The fucking bastard. Let's replay that little bit. I was sitting at home waiting for Matt to do his daily call. I was surprised as hell when he walked through the front door with his duffel bag and back pack. He usually came home for the weekends, but it was the middle of the week. Standing up I went over and gave him a hug. \"Not that I'm not happy you're here or anything. But what the hell are you doing here, Matt.\" Shaking his head he went and sat on the ridiculously expensive couch putting his head in his hands. That's not a good sign. Quickly I made my way over to my older brother and wrapped my arm around him while rubbing his side. \"What's wrong brother?\" He sighed deeply before lifting his head to look me in the eye. Something was really wrong. \"I got kicked out of Harvard Ari.\" So many thoughts were running through my head I couldn't decipher one from the next. It was such a shock, I didn't know what to think. How could my brother get kicked out of Harvard? \"What happened?\" He then proceeded to tell me the whole story. How Van Holden is a fucking coke head and how my brother had taken the fall for it. Because in Van Holden's eyes, he didn't have as much to lose. I shook my head at my brother feeling absolute disgust for the piece of shit who was still in Harvard. \"You should fight it Matt.\" Looking me straight in the eye he gave me a sad smile. \"I can't Ari. You know who the Van Holden's are, you've met them.\" He was right. They were like the fucking elite, we would have no chance in hell without sound proof. \"So what now?\" I asked leaning back on the couch and looking up at our high ceiling. Lying back also Matt looked away from me. \"Jeremy gave me ten thousand dollars.\" And he took it? \"Tell me you didn't take it Matt.\" He shook his head and still wouldn't look me in the eye. \"That's a lot of money Ariana.\" Finally he looked at me. \"I think I'm going to go see Shannon. Get out of here for a while.\" That was kind of a tough subject for the both of us. We hadn't seen Shannon for like seven years. As soon as our mother died and the funeral was over she fled the country, leaving us. Neither of us even went to her wedding. I still feel guilty when I think about that, but it's not nearly as bad as her leaving her twelve and sixteen year old siblings to take care of themselves. \"Are you sure about this?\" I asked and he nodded without hesitation. \"Yes, I need this Ari.\" He said with his sad smile back in place. Nodding I stood up and started walking to my bedroom. He quickly jumped up and started following me. \"What are you doing?\" He asked. I could hear the slightly panicked tone to his voice. When I got to my room I pulled out a large duffel bag and started filling it with clothes. He stood at the door watching me. \"I'm going with you Matt.\" Stepping inside the room he walked over and stopped my by placing his hand on my shoulder. \"You're starting college in the fall Ariana. You can't afford to do this now, you've got too much to lose.\" I shook my head at my big brother. \"I know.\" I turned back around and started packing again. \"But then again, I could just take a year off.\" \"Ariana.\" He said in that condescending tone. \"You know that most people who take a year off don't go back.\" I nodded. \"Yes, and if I don't you just have to support me Matt.\" I told him turning around and giving him my serious look, telling him this is what I wanted. With another big sigh he pulled me into a hug and I felt him nod into my shoulder. That was it, we were going to England. That was the reason we are now getting off of the 'tube' and making our way up to meet our sister after already riding on a train, and a plane. Long day it's been for us. I was a little nervous at the new surroundings and all the people that were around. I wasn't quite sure what to think of the new place just yet. As if sensing my uneasiness Matt reached over and tugged me under his arm. \"It's alright Sis. You're fine.\" Smiling up at him we continued up the stairs and into the open. Right next to the opening of the 'tube' station there was an overturned phone booth with broken glass all around. What happened there? \"Matt!\" A woman called and my big brother pulled away with a large smile on his face as he jogged off to a beautiful blue eyed woman, our sister. They both pulled each other in for a large hug and I couldn't help but smile. Maybe this would be good for us, reconnect us after all these years. I walked over as they were talking and smiled at her. \"Hi Shannon.\" She looked over at me and her eyes widened when she took in my person. Matt didn't exactly tell her that I was tagging along. Her eyes began to water a bit and she quickly pulled me in for a hug as well. \"My god, Ariana. You've grown so much.\" She whispered into my ear and I felt my own eyes sting a little. Reunions are way too damn emotional. \"Yeah, I'm not exactly twelve anymore.\" I told her and internally winced. I didn't mean it as a dig. \"Just graduated high school.\" I added quickly with a large grin. As much as I wasn't exactly the most scholarly student, I was proud of that accomplishment. She smiled at me again. \"I'm so proud of you.\" Looking back over at Matt she smiled and grabbed us both by our arms and pulled us over to a stroller. \"Uncle Matt, Auntie Ari, meet Ben.\" He was adorable. Big blue eyes and blonde hair. Beautiful child. \"Hey there little guy.\" Matt said with a big smile leaning in and smiling at the boy. I smiled at the two and when he moved I stepped forward. \"Hi there Ben. I'm your Auntie Ari.\" He giggled and looked around. Turning I smiled at my big sister. \"He's beautiful Shan.\" Smiling she nodded then turned to Matt with a little more serious face. \"It is so good to see you two.\" I nodded. \"But what are you doing here?\" Ah, the question that was going to be asked sooner or later. On the way to Shannon's house Matt explained the whole situation to her and I added my own two cents when I felt needed. I definitely had to step in when she pretty much didn't believe that he wasn't the one doing the drugs. \"Yes, really.\" Matt said with a look that said that he couldn't believe she was asking. She nodded but still didn't look convinced. \"It's just, you could tell me if you were taking-\" I didn't let her finish. \"He's not doing drugs Shannon.\" I told her and she gave me a look. \"I know my brother, he doesn't do that. Even if he wanted to fight it there would be no way he could win. They're the Van Holden's, they practically run the whole damn show.\" Her eyes widened and she turned back to Matt. \"So, you didn't even fight it.\" Matt's eyes closed for a moment as he sighed. \"I wouldn't have even had a chance.\" That was the moment I felt for my brother the most. He deserved that diploma, he worked so hard, and one rich bastard ruined that all for him. He looked so lost and broken, knowing he wouldn't have a chance. I swore, at that moment, I'd get Van Holden back for my brother. Author's Notes, 2: Thanks all who've read this what is probably horrible story. I know, it's only the first chapter, so give me a shot. Now it'd be greatly appreciated if you hit the review button and dropped me a line or two. Thanks a bunch.[Chapter 2] Author's Notes: Well lovelies, here goes chapter two :) Hope you all like it! When we got back to the house Shannon gave us a quick tour of the place. It was beautiful, not too big or fancy, just right and had a homeyf feel. I really liked it, they had great taste. However, after the tour I took little Ben and we went up to his room so Matt and Shannon could catch up. Which also meant that Shannon wanted to know everything about him being expelled from Harvard, I didn't want to go through that again. \"Hey there Ben.\" I said to the giggling boy playing with a toy car. He was just so adorable. \"Come here little man.\" Holding out my arms he laughed and crawled over to me. I sat him in my lap and we continued playing until I heard a car door slam. Picking up Ben I brought him over to the window where I dark blonde haired man getting out of a black car and walking to the door. That must be Shannon's husband. \"Ready to go see Daddy?\" I asked Ben and he reached out grabbing a lock of my hair and tugging on it. \"Ow, Ben.\" He just laughed and I couldn't help but laugh with him. I walked us down the stairs just in tine to watch him and Matt exchange handshakes. \"Finally made it across the pond then, did you?\" The man said to Matt. Matt just nodded with a smile. \"Yeah.\" Letting go of Matt's hand the man turned and looked at the crib which I assumed usually held Ben. \"Where's Ben?\" That was my cue. Putting on a smile I went the rest of the way down the stairs. \"Right here.\" He turned around and looked at me with wide eyes before turning to look at Shannon. Shannon stepped forward and placed a hand on his arm. \"Steve, this is my baby sister, Ariana. Ariana, this is Steve.\" I smiled at him and he stepped forward grabbing my arm lightly before leaning in and placing a peck on my cheek. \"Nice to meet you Ariana.\" He said pulling away with a smile. \"Hey there Lord Ben.\" Giving me another quick smile he took Ben from my arms and walked back to his place next to the crib. \"I've missed you.\" He cooed to the boy before placing a kiss on his face. Shannon watched the two with adoration. I was happy for her, she got her lovely family. \"Honey, you want some tea?\" She said smiling at her husband. Placing another kiss on Ben's head he looked at her. \"Yeah, that'd be great.\" She softly rubbed the back of Ben's head before starting to leave when Matt called out. \"Tea, huh?\" In a smart ass tone. Shannon looked back at him and rolled her eyes. \"Get over it.\" We both laughed. \"He's a good looking little geezer isn't he?\" Steve said smiling at the both of us. \"Yeah, he's adorable.\" I told him stepping forward and playing with him. He reached for my hair but I pulled away in time. \"Ah, not this time Ben.\" At that both of the men laughed. \"I'm going to go help Shannon with tea.\" I told the two as I started walking away. They began talking as I walked into the kitchen. Shannon was standing over the stove. \"Hey, anything I can do Sis?\" I asked as I leaned against the island counter. She turned around a sent me a big grin. \"No Ari, I'm fine.\" Before I knew what was happening she had me in her arms hugging me. \"I'm really happy you're here Ari, really. I've missed you, and I'm so sorry for what I did.\" She was so close to crying I could practically feel it. I pulled away and placed my hands on her shoulders making her look me in the eye. \"I know Shannon. And I'm fine too. Look, I'm just fine. Don't worry about it. I love you, okay?\" She gave me a watery smile before quickly turning and going back to the stove. Turning around I wondered why and saw Matt standing in the entrance giving us a confused look. Shannon cleaned herself and turned around to look at Matt. \"Where's Steve?\" He opened his mouth to answer when a tall man in a tan coat walked in. Who was he? Shannon didn't seem the happiest when she saw him. Throughout his whole entrance to the kitchen he was eyeing Matt before going to the fridge and pulling out a beer. Who was this? \"Jesus Shannon, you look rough.\" He told my sister. What the hell? Shannon didn't seem amused. \"You're a funny guy, Pete.\" He laughed but Shannon didn't. Then he proceeded to put the beer in his mouth and take the cap off with his teeth. \"Matt, this is Pete, Steve's brother. Pete, this is my brother Matt.\" Pete eyed my brother again before taking his hand and shaking it. They exchanged what I think was pleasantries before Pete took Ben's arm and began singing something about West Ham. I sill don't think he noticed me. Shannon quickly intervened and said something about taking Ben to bed. As she was walking away with him Pete waved to Ben. \"See you later, Ben.\" He just seemed so arrogant. I don't know, something about him just, rubbed me wrong. \"I thought you were going to the match.\" That was when he finally noticed me. He turned his head away from Steve and was about to look away from me when he did a double take and his eyes widened a little bit in surprise before looking away like it was nothing. He turned back to his brother with a grin on his face. \"Well, technically, yes.\" He paused and shot a look back over to me. \"But what happened is that me and the boys got into a bit of a drinking session last night.\" He shot another look at me before going back to his brother. \"One thing led to another-\" \"Let me guess, you've lost your wallet.\" Steve said like it was a normal occurrence. Pete sent him a wink. \"And me keys.\" After those words left his mouth a horn beeped. \"Ah, there's a taxi outside.\" Pete watched his brother walk away before looking to Matt. \"Top bloke, my brother.\" Then he turned and looked at me. \"And you'd be?\" He asked with a smirk. Seriously? That's how he asks for my name. Fuck off. I just raised an eyebrow and he seemed to get the message turning back to my brother with a grin. Taking a drink of his beer. \"How are we, my colonial cousin?\" He asked Marr. Matt gave him a slightly confused look before shooting me a quick glance. \"Fine, thanks.\" A shit eating grin came onto Pete's face before he mocked Matt with his fake American accent. Then he proceeded to laugh until Steve came back into the kitchen walking past me to the stove, with Pete right behind him. \"Hey bruv, you couldn't make a hundred could you?\" Steve wasn't really up for that. \"How's piss off sound?\" \"Ah fuck off. Come on.\" He said right behind him. Steve ignored him and started drinking his tea. A grin came onto Pete's face before he began to sing obnoxiously. \"Get some drinks in\" a few times before Steve stopped him telling him to shut up. Then Steve looked over and walked to stand next to Matt. \"Tell you what. I'll give you seventy, to take Matt here to the match.\" Pete's face completely changed as he narrowed his eyes at his brother. \"Oh fuck off, you're having a bubble.\" Steve nodded then looked over at me. \"Look, this is how it's going to go. I'm going to give you a hundred and seventy to take Ariana with you too.\" My eyes widened and I sent Steve a slight glare. Fuck that. \"Fuck off. You know I can't take the Yank and her to football.\" He said giving us both looks. Fine by me. \"Yeah you can.\" Steve told him giving each Matt and me a look. \"And you're going to be on your best behavior. Do you understand?\" Pete sighed then nodded giving up. Then he tried to snatch the money but Steve pulled it away. \"Go on.\" Pete still wasn't happy. \"Well come on then.\" He snapped at Matt as he walked passed him. They all walked out of the room and I slowly followed behind, I really didn't want to go. Then I heard Steve thank Matt saying they didn't get much time alone. So that's what this was about. When Pete was out the door Steve slammed it back shut and told him not to give the money to Pete. When I got there Steve pulled my coat off the rack and helped me put it on. \"Cheers Ariana. It means a lot.\" I smiled at him. \"No problem.\" I heard Shannon start heading down the stairs and quickly slipped out of the door where Pete was standing outside. Rolling my eyes I looked away and heard him chuckle. The door opened and Pete started walking away and I quickly followed. \"Hurry up.\" He called over his shoulder at Matt who was still at the door. Bastard. We continued walking a while until we were a safe distance away from the house and even Pete's walk was even pissing me off. He had a damn swagger that oozed arrogance. Then he turned around and stopped in front of Matt. \"Look man.\" He said looking over his shoulder and giving me a look. \"I'm not being funny, but the last thing I want to do is take you two to the match with me.\" He shot me another look and I glared back at him. \"So here's how it works.\" He told him turning back. \"Give me fifty of the money and I'll go to football.\" He paused to look at me again. \"You two can go see where Churchill took a tom, or whatever it is you Yanks do.\" I shot him another glare as Matt looked at him slightly confused. \"Tom?\" He asked and I rolled my eyes. Pete gave him an exasperated look. \"Tom. Like tomtit, shit. It's rhyming slang, like bees and honey for money.\" He then got a serious expression on his face and turned of Matt. \"Or like I can say to you. Give me the fucking bees.\" They continued to argue over who got the money and I didn't really give a shit. I just wanted to get out of the fucking cold. Matt tried to walk away and Pete got in the way and backed him into the wall, that's when I came back. \"Give me my fucking money.\" Pete said to Matt in his face. I stepped forward as a panicked look came over Matt's face. \"Cops.\" Matt yelled pointing off before trying to kick him. Trying, being the key word, Pete caught his foot and proceeded to make him feel stupider than he already did. \"Fucking stop Pete.\" I called to the man in front of me. I was getting tired of watching this shit. He shot me a look. \"What, don't want me dancing with your bruv?\" I shot him a glare then rolled my eyes. \"Dance with my 'bruv', all you want. I just want out of the fucking cold.\" Pete shot me a wink then kicked my brother's leg out from underneath him and he landed on the hard cement with a thump. Fucking prick. \"Serves you right for fighting like a bleeding tart.\" He told him as he lied on the ground. \"But try that again, and I will kick the shit outta you.\" I could tell this wasn't serious so I let it go. \"Yeah, the tom out of me. I get it.\" I rolled my eyes at my brother as Pete laughed and told him to get up. Then he helped him to his feet. They then talked about how my brother wasn't a fighter and I was getting tired of this shit. \"Let's fucking go already. Damn.\" Pete looked over at me and laughed before looking back at Matt. \"Fuck it. I will take you two with me.\" He then looked at Matt. \"You might learn something.\" A little glint arose in Matt's eye. \"About soccer?\" He asked. Rolling my eyes I walked past the two men and started walking down the direction we were heading. \"No mate, not about soccer. And for fucks sake, stop saying soccer.\" He snapped then I heard footsteps following behind me before they were right next to me. I looked over and there he was with his cocky smirk. \"Come on, hurry up.\" He called back to my brother. The whole time I just ignored what the two talked about until we were on the tube when Matt caught my attention. \"Tell him Sis, that baseball is an amazing sport.\" Looking over at him I shot him an 'are you crazy' look. \"Baseball is for pansies. You know I hate it.\" Pete laughed and slung an arm around my shoulder. \"Cheers Ari.\" If Matt was able to get along with him, I guess I could give him a shot. He looked down at me and gave me a little wink before going back to the sports argument with my brother. I'd try. AN: There it is. Chapter two. Let me know what you all think please, would love the feedback. Thanks a bunch.[Chapter 3] Author's Notes: Alright again lovelies. Here would be my third chapter of this story. I really hope you guys like this, but I wouldn't know. No feedback. Lol. It doesn't matter though, as long as I have my story I'm happy. Thanks a bunch to those who have taken the time to read my story. You're the best. We were laughing and talking about America, with Pete bashing it and Matt defending it. Me, I threw my two cents in for both sides. Then we came up upon a pub and Pete stopped us. \"Look, we're sort of going into my place of business, right? Shut up until you're spoken to and you might have a better run at things.\" He told us, but mostly to Matt. \"The only thing worse than a Yank around here is coppers and journalists.\" Ah, I see. I smirked and shot Matt a look. Two of the three, maybe he ought to go become a cop after this. He then gave a lecture which I paid no attention to as I tried to block the cold wind that was coming, so I walked around and stood behind Pete using him as a shield. \"What happens at football stays at football.\" He told him and he nodded. Then he turned to me. \"That goes for you too Ari.\" I nodded my head. \"Yeah, alright.\" Then I gave him a push toward the door. He laughed at tucked me under his arm again. \"Let's have some fun. It's football day!\" Walking through the door he waited to make sure I was right behind him before making his way to one corner of the pub. \"Aye, aye!\" He called out and a group of guys cheered back. We got to the table and he introduced Matt to the guys and he shook hands with them all. They seemed fine enough. Then he grinned and pulled me over to him. \"And this lovely young bird is Ariana.\" He told the boys who all grinned back and stood offering me their hands. I smiled back and said my pleasantries before taking the seat between Matt and Pete. They all talked and joked around then went off on the whole 'Slang' thing again which made me roll my eyes. \"Yeah, like struggle and grunt, for cunt.\" I winced and looked at Pete who was shaking his head. \"Hey now mates. We've got a lady in our presence. Watch your tongue men.\" They laughed and all teased Swill for a moment until another voice broke in. \"Like septic tank for Yank.\" I looked behind me and a man in a very light blue, nearly white coat swaggered up. \"Bovver.\" Pete said getting up and hugging the man. He then stood behind us and pointed out Matt. \"This is Matt, Shannon's brother.\" Matt said hi and tried to offer his hand but he looked away like he was too good. What the fuck. The guys all laughed and cheered. \"Mate, he's practically family.\" Pete said to the guy. He just held out his arms as if saying, 'and?'. They all laughed again as Pete flopped back down in his seat. \"Bov's a miserable cunt, but we love him dearly, don't we?\" The guys all gave their own opinions and had another laugh. Ike called Matt's name and we looked. \"Grab these last two pints would you?\" He got up saying sure and Dave called out an order for salted peanuts and I laughed. Pete sat back up and wrapped his arm around my neck making Bovver eye me. \"Well, from your reaction to Matt, I say that we don't even need to introduce you to our dear Ariana.\" Laughing he pulled me closer and patted my arm. Bovver eyed me and looked like he was debating on introducing himself or not. Not won over as he took a seat next to me and leaned close to Pete. \"What's with all this fucking babysitting? You know we had a meet set up today.\" I was confused at this. A meet? What the hell's that? They continued going on arguing for a moment when Bovver brought me up. \"And a fucking girl Pete. What the fucks are you thinking, mate?\" I glared at pulled away from Pete sitting up and getting in Bovver's face. \"Hey, hey, hey. No girl bashing. I'm a big girl, and this, 'fucking girl', can take care of herself. Got it?\" The guys around the table cheered me on and I felt a light blush come onto my face. Pete laughed and leaned closer as well. \"You let me worry about all this, alright boys?\" Matt came back and Bovver walked away going to the bar. Damn, must really hate American's. I turned back around and heard Pete telling the boys the Karate Kid was based off of my brother. I had to try my best not to laugh. Then Swill called him out on it and caught him. \"You're lying already. You've been here fucking five minutes and you're lying.\" Then they all started laughing and I rolled my eyes as they all started slamming their drinks, my brother included. After ten minutes Pete leaned over and held out his cup to me. \"Would you like a drink Ana?\" I raised an eyebrow, and shook my head. Ana? \"No? Fine then, fuck you.\" He said laughing. \"More for me.\" I laughed and looked around the pub trying to find anyone to talk to. Then I saw Bovver sitting alone over at a table and picked up a cup full of beer and heading his way ignoring the call from Pete behind me. He watched me the whole way with slightly narrowed eyes and when I got to him he didn't say anything. I held out the drink and placed it on the table. \"I come in peace.\" Bovver's lip twitched then he looked at the beer before nodding at the seat next to him. I smiled and sat down. \"What do you want?\" He asked getting straight to the point. I shook my head. \"I don't want anything. Just for you not to hate me without reason,\" I told him. People hating me wasn't a problem. People hating me for no reason, I didn't like. Eyeing me he seemed to mull it over for a moment. \"Alright.\" He said lifting the beer and taking a drink. \"Alright?\" I asked slightly confused. Putting his beer down he looked at me with a smirk. \"Alright. I won't hate you.\" I smiled at him. But I knew from the tiny bit of extra emphasis he put on 'you' that he wasn't going to lighten up on my brother. \"Thanks.\" He gave me a single nod and I went back over to the table full of guys where Pete gave me a strange look. \"Alright?\" I nodded and looked at the shot that was placed in front of him. With a smirk I reached out and picked it up and downed it. The burn of the alcohol made me want to make a face but I hid it. His facial expression didn't change but there was a light twitch of his lips showing his amusement. Then he slid another over to me. I raised an eyebrow at the challenge before picking it up and knocking it back as well. Finally he gave me a smile and picked up his beer raising it towards me as if a doing a toast. \"Cheers.\" He said before downing all its contents. Shaking my head at him I turned to the rest of the boys. It was only a little while longer before Bovver made his way over and was sitting next to Keith. The boys were getting pretty rowdy and drinking, spilling their beer all over the place. It was pretty intense. Before long Bovver and some other guy were up on a table singing songs with the crowd gathered around them and cheering them on, or singing along with them. My brother and Pete were in the crowd with the rest of the guys. I stayed back at the table not wanting to get in the middle of all that. Noticing that I was alone a girl came over to me and sat down. \"Hi.\" I said to her giving her a somewhat strange look I'm sure. I was a little confused as of why she was here. \"Hi.\" She said back giving me a slight nod. She then reached out and picked up one of the shot glasses before knocking it back. \"So, which one you with?\" She asked eyeing me. The tone she used definitely made me not feel welcome. \"Uh, well, technically, I guess that'd be Pete.\" I said a little intimidated. I was out of my element here. American bitches I could deal with, I didn't know how these European women were. She shot a look over to the crowd before looking back at me with a scoff. \"Oh fuck off. Pete doesn't do girlfriends, love.\" She said with a bitter laugh. \"I'm not his girlfriend.\" I told her looking around for a way to get out of here. \"I came here with him. Me and my brother.\" She rolled her eyes. \"I don't know how you Yanks did it. But don't fuck with them. Got it?\" She got close to my face and I could practically taste the alcohol oozing off of her. \"Nice chat.\" She said patting me on the cheek and walking off. I watched her disappear into the crowd and frowned. What the hell was that? After a little while the guys came over and told me it was time to head to the match. I nodded and couldn't get what the girl had said out of my head. What the hell was her problem? We didn't do anything. We were walking out the door when Bovver went and pushed my brother out of the way and I rolled my eyes. Matt gave his back a somewhat worried look before turning to Pete. \"Hey Pete. I think me and Ari should head home. I'm not feeling so hot, jet lag.\" What? I was just getting into this whole idea. The guys got me pumped after telling me everything there was about football. Pete shot him a look and wrapped his arm around his neck. \"Ah fuck off. You're not missing the game.\" He then looked over at me. \"You're the one who wanted to learn about soccer.\" Then he reached over and patted my arm. \"And I'm pretty sure Ari, here doesn't want to go home. Right, love?\" I shook my head. \"Nah.\" He nodded then let go of Matt starting the chant of 'I'm forever blowing bubbles.\" The rest of the way there Dave sort of took me under his wing. Letting me know all the important things about football, and what to expect at the match. It was nice. Bovver even threw in his few words of wisdom when he thought needed. I was actually happy that he wasn't giving me the cold shoulder as well. Arriving at the stadium I was surprised to see all the people and the police everywhere. There were police at all entrances and all around the building, there were also security cameras all along the building. Wow. Pete nodded me over to him when we got to the entrance after having Matt go through and Dave told me to go over to him. \"Alright?\" He asked and I nodded. Giving me a smile he pulled the collar of my coat up. \"Keep your head down, alright?\" I did as he told and he lightly pushed me through the entrance. Matt was waiting for us on the other side. Pete put his hand on my back and guided me the way to the field. There were so many people and the excitement radiating off of them was getting me pumped. It was amazing. \"Sweet innit?\" I heard Pete say behind me to Matt. I agreed. He led us down to the front where we were sitting. I was between my brother and Dave, Dave telling me what was going on every second. His commentary was hilarious. At one point in the game I saw Bovver walk off but didn't think anything of it and continued to watch. It was an amazing sport, I loved it. Every aspect of it just got my heart pumping and made me feel so excited. Then we made a goal and our crowd went wild. Pete started yelling and pulled Matt into a hug and Dave turned to me picking me off the ground cheering. It was so exhilarating, I laughed and cheered along with them. When Dave put me back on my feet he placed a kiss on my cheek. \"Sorry about that love.\" I shook my head. 'No problem.\" Then Swill stood up and started pointing across the field. \"It's fucking Bovver. Look, he's over there!\" He yelled and we all stood looking across. There he was calling out a group of guys yelling. I don't know what he was saying, but judging from the way the people he was yelling at, he was saying some not so nice things. The boys were all cheering him on and when he was being drug off the field by some men they cheered even louder. They were so proud of him I couldn't help but laugh. It was pretty intense. After the game Pete pulled me over to him and tucked me under his arm. \"So love. How was your first football match? Matt seemed to enjoy it.\" I looked up at him with what was probably the biggest grin ever. He had to guide me since I wasn't watching where I was going, pulling me out of the way of a large man he laughed. \"It was fucking amazing. I think I'm in love.\" He laughed and nodded with me. \"Yeah, it's beautiful innit?\" I couldn't agree more. I was hooked, I knew it from that point on. I was in love with football. AN: Again, thanks a bunch. Hope you all like this chapter. Much love, SPNP.[Chapter 4] AN: Thanks to all who are reading this. But I'd really like to thank for being my first and only reviewer! Thanks girl, you're the best. I'm sorry, not really much Pete/Ari love here. But soon, alright. Just hang with me. Much love, SPNP. When we got out of the stadium Bovver was standing over next to a little brick wall. One of the boys pointed him out and we made our way over there. While they were all doing their little talking session I pulled Matt over to the side. \"We should probably head out Bro. Shannon will have a cow and we should let them celebrate.\" He nodded. \"Yeah, I was thinking that too.\" The boys started to get a little rowdy and I was confused as to why. Maybe they were eager to drink. I don't know. \"Let's get 'em.\" One called out as they started heading to a gate beside us. When they started walking off I patted Matt on the arm. \"Maybe we should get going home.\" He called out to them. They stopped and Pete turned around looking us over. He came over and put his hand on my arm as he talked to Matt. \"Yeah. You know where you're going? Back to Shannon's.\" Matt nodded and pointed in the direction we came to the match. \"Yeah, Bank station. Right?\" \"Yeah.\" He said then looked me over before turning back to Matt again. \"But keep your heads down. Alright? Bloody Birmingham lot will be on the tube.\" He told us. I wasn't quite sure what to make of that. Matt nodded along with everything he was saying. \"Alright, we'll manage.\" He gave me one last look over as Bovver made a comment on Matt. \"Don't get on the East Ham.\" He rubbed my arm lightly. \"Alright love?\" He asked as he pulled my collar back up to cover part of my face. I must have been giving him a confused look, I sure felt confused. I gave him a little smile telling him I was fine. He didn't see to believe me but the boys were getting impatient. \"If you see any trouble, turn around and walk the other way.\" Matt put his hand on my back and started guiding me away as he waved Pete off. \"Yeah, don't worry.\" Pete gave us one last nod before turning to the boys. \"Let's go, eh?\" On the walk back to the tube we talked about football and all the excitement. But then I brought up Pete. \"What was Pete and the guys talking about back there?\" I asked. Matt looked over at me and shook his head. \"I'm not really sure Ari. He didn't tell me much.\" Hm. I couldn't help but wonder what his whole business was about. It just seemed a little on the dodgy side. We were about to walk through a little alley way when a glass bottle smashed right next to my head on the brick wall. A piece even flew off and cut my cheek. \"Shit.\" I yelled. Matt turned around and looked before pushing my back and telling me to run. Without looking back I did as he said and he was right next to me. They chased us out of one alley way and into the next. We were running when out of nowhere a guy jumped out and rammed Matt into the wall. Matt yelled out and told me to run, but before I could get anywhere one of the guys chasing us grabbed me and held me tight in his arms. I tried my hardest to break his grip but it was useless. He just laughed in my ear and I felt sick to my stomach. What was going to happen? It just so happened that the guy was the leader as he had to hand me off to another so he could turn on Matt. \"Look. We don't want any trouble!\" Matt called out looking helplessly from one guy to the next. I felt as helpless as he looked. \"A fucking Yank.\" The leader yelled glaring him in the face. \"Why's a Yank running with the GSE?\" \"I don't know anything about the GSE.\" Matt said looking at me. It was hard to look at him. \"We're just tourist.\" He told them. The guys laughed at that as the leader began unzipping his coat. \"Is that right? In that case why don't we leave you with a proper souvenir.\" I really didn't like the sound of that so I started thrashing around in the guys arm and swung my leg back catching him in the shin. He cursed and slammed me into the wall and a sharp pain shot through my jaw where it connected with the wall. \"Fucking cunt.\" He rasped in my ear. The lead guy ignored what went on with us and pulled out a credit card and shoved it in my brothers mouth. \"I bet the major gave out his fair share of Chelsea grins back when the GSE weren't so sloppy to leave one of their own behind.\" I was feeling sick again. What the fuck was he going to do? I began thrashing around again and the guy pushed me up against the wall so I couldn't move, standing behind me. \"Don't move again you fucking bitch.\" He breathed in my ear. At that moment I saw Pete run up and head butt the guy off of my brother and the guy dropped to the ground. \"We don't leave our mates behind.\" He yelled at the guy and grabbed my brother pulling him out of the line of fire. The guy was still holding me against the wall and pressing me even harder in anticipation. A moment later he was thrown off of me and Ike was standing there punching him. Then he bent him over and elbowed him in the back making him drop to the ground. Ike pushed me over to Pete who was checking on Matt making sure he was okay as the fight still raged on. When he saw me and the state I was in his eyes widened and a glint arose. He pulled me over and lightly pressed me against the wall to look at my face. \"Fuck. The bloody bastards.\" He said. I smirked at him. \"Hey, I'm fine. I'm a big girl. Remember, this 'fucking girl' can take care of herself.\" I told him and he gave me a small smile while shaking his head. \"You damn crazy bird.\" He called me as he lightly touched my jaw and I tried not to flinch away from him. It hurt like a bitch. Then out of nowhere the small little white guy ran up and sucker punched Dave in the face. What the hell? Then he turned and started running away. \"Ah, he's getting away.\" Dave yelled and they all started after him. \"Down this side.\" Pete said to us and we ran after him as well as Ike called out saying he would get the van. When we got out of the alley the guy was no where to be seen. Dave was bent over with his hands on his knees breathing pretty heavily. The rest of the other guys seemed to be a little on the tired side as well. \"I'm getting too old for this.\" He said and I laughed. \"Seriously, I could use a beer and a lie down.\" Ike then pulled up in a van and everyone let out their little cheers for the guy. I laughed along with them. We walked over and got into the car as they talked about whose round it'd be when we got back to the Abbey. Of course, everyone knew it was going to be Dave's. I was going to go hop in the back with the rest of the guys when Pete grabbed my arm and had me hop in front between him and Ike. When I slid in Ike looked over and gave me a little smile. \"Hey, I want to thank you for earlier.\" He smiled again and nodded. \"My pleasure.\" We were all in and pulling out when the little guy who punched Dave ran out and threw a large rock at the window. As soon as the rock left his hand Pete had my head covered and me ducking. \"Fuck off!\" The guy yelled then took off running again. They all jumped out of the car and started chasing after the guy. I didn't know what to do so I slowly got out and walked to see what was going on. Just as I got there, I watched a bottle get broke over Ike's head. From the looks of it Matt was pretty terrified and trying to get Pete to leave. I got a little bit closer and saw that thre were a whole bunch of guys down the tunnel. Holy shit. They were going to fight them? \"Come on then!\" Pete yelled before he and the rest of the guys started charging them and began fighting. Fucking A. I didn't know what to do. One of the guys noticed me and started making his way over to me with a bloody smirk, and blood dripping from a cut on his eyebrow. \"'Ello there love.\" He called out to me. I panicked and was going to start running when he reached out and grabbed me around the waist. \"Don't run away from me you little bitch.\" He ground out. I pulled the same move and kicked him in the shin and he let go. I turned around and then kicked him in the balls. He dropped to a bent over position and I took the opening and kneed him in the head, I must have hit a good spot because he dropped over knocked out. A large crowd ran from the other side of the tunnel and I backed up to stand next to the knocked out figure as Bovver's raid fought the guys. After only a little amount of time they were running. I felt proud of them for some reason. I know, most would feel that it was stupid and reckless, believe me, I thought that too, but I still felt proud. They were all laughing and joking around. Especially about my brother's fighting tact. They all thought that it was a bit gay, and, to be truthful, I thought it was too. He went in with his head down and just sort of started swinging wildly. If it weren't a serious moment at the time I probably would have laughed my ass off. Pete then looked up and noticed me standing over by myself. He smiled and made his way over, with all the guys following behind him. They all looked a little beat up, especially Ike with all the blood on the side of his head from the bottle. When they got to me Pete looked down and saw the guy knocked out at my feet and rose an eyebrow. \"You're doings?\" He asked looking back up at me. I felt a little blush rise up my neck and I nodded. \"Uh, yeah. He came after me, and I don't know. I just kind of went from instinct.\" I told him looking back down at the guy who was still out. He smirked and the rest came up and looked at him. \"Bloody hell, love. You do this?\" Swill asked walking up and wrapping his arm around my shoulders. I nodded. \"Well fucking done.\" The other guys looked down and saw the guy and laughed along and congratulated me as well. \"For fucks sake. Let's go get a beer.\" Dave called out looking around at us. \"My round.\" Everyone laughed and we made our way back to the van. Back at the pub the guys were all drinking, and even harder than before the game. It seemed that they were pretty intent on getting completely trashed. They hadn't even cleaned themselves up, with blood and wounds still showing brightly on their bodies. I sighed and stood up going to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror and was surprised at my own appearance. On my cheek bone there was a slight cut that was scabbing over from the broken glass. But on my jaw, there was a purple bruise and it went up into my cheek. Holy shit. Shannon's not going to be happy. Turning on the water I washed the dirt off of my face and dried it off. Picking up more paper towels I decided to go clean up some of the boys. Starting with Ike. I went out and back to the table with a handful of paper towels. Some dry and some wet, they all gave me strange looks as I made my way over to sit next to Ike. He looked down at me and eyed the paper towels. \"Hello love. Lost?\" He asked. Rolling my eyes I picked up a wet paper towel. \"I'm going to clean up your cut.\" I told him. He gave me a little smile and nodded turning his head so I would have better access to it. \"This might hurt a little.\" I told him and he just laughed. \"Probably not as much as when I got it.\" He said. That was probably true. I cleaned it up so that there was only the gash and no more blood oozing from it. \"There you go.\" I told him patting his arm. He picked up his beer and took a large swig. \"Thanks love.\" It was nice to feel appreciated for doing something. The rest weren't really bad, but I decided to fix my brother up a little bit. With a smile I walked over and stood between him and Pete. \"Your turn.\" Looking up at me he shook his head. \"Come on Ari. I'm fine.\" He said. He probably just felt tough with it or something. Whatever the reason I just rose an eyebrow and started cleaning his nose and lip up anyway. At that Pete just laughed. \"Well done today you two.\" There was a tinge of pride in his voice. \"For a couple of Yanks.\" I turned around and smacked him in the chest pretty hard with a resounding thump. The guys around the table all laughed, Bovver even had a smirk on his face. \"This Yank will kick your ass.\" I told him going back to fixing up Matt. The guys then oohed and laughed teasing Pete. \"Oi love?\" I looked over at Dave who had called out to me. \"Really, you did swell today. Not many birds can run around with the GSE.\" Smiling at Dave I felt a little blush rise up on my neck. \"Thanks Dave.\" He smiled and stood up picking up his drink. \"To the Yanks.\" All of the other guys did as well, except for Bovver who sat back in his seat and sipped on his beer. They all clanked their cups together and downed their beer. I was going to go sit in the far corner by Keith but Pete caught my arm and patted the very small space between him and Bovver. \"Sit with us Ana.\" Looking over him I shot Bovver a look and he gave a little head nod, letting me know it was okay. \"Alright.\" I rolled my eyes at him when he wouldn't even move so I had to practically crawl over him to get to the seat. Swill let out a laugh and called out something a little on the vulgar side. \"Shut up.\" I told him as I took my seat and he just laughed. The rest of the night I spent talking with the boys and getting to know them a bit more. Also I learned a bit more about football. They had also mentioned that they were the GSE, but didn't give much more than that. It wasn't much help since I'd already figured out that much on my own. Pete looked over to me when it was starting to get dark and smiled before looking back to Matt. \"You two can stay with me tonight.\" He said and I nodded. I guess, it'd be pretty bad if we showed back up to Shannon's this late and looking like this. She'd have a fucking cow. I sat back and leaned against the back rest of the booth. I could feel my body getting tired as I my eyes started to droop a bit. With a sigh I let my head fall to the side and it connected with something. I looked over and saw that it was Bovver's shoulder. He didn't even seem to notice. Maybe I'd just rest my eyes for a moment. \"Ari.\" A voice called but I just ignored it. \"Ari.\" It called again and I groaned. \"Ana, love, wake up.\" The voice said again and I opened my eyes to see Pete standing over me. \"Hello there. We're heading back to my place.\" He told me. Looking over at my pillow I saw that it was still Bovver's shoulder and that I now had a large puffy coat over me and noticed that it was Ike's. I sat up and took my head from Bovver and gave him an apologetic look. \"Sorry.\" He just gave a nod of his head. I didn't really know what that meant but I wasn't going to put much thought into it. Pete took my arm and helped me stand up. I grabbed the coat before it could fall to the ground and walked out to stand next to Matt. Looking around for Ike I couldn't see him. \"Where's Ike?\" I asked the group and they nodded over to the bar where he was getting a couple pints. Ah. He came back and put them on the table before looking at me. I smiled at him and handed him back his coat. \"Thanks Ike.\" I told him and he just nodded tossing the coat onto one of the chairs. \"Alright boys.\" Pete called out and they all looked up at him. \"We're off.\" He smirked and wrapped his arm around my shoulders pulling me toward him. I could smell the alcohol on him. Matt didn't seem to be doing so well, he was staggering and it was actually a sort of funny site. Pete however, I know for a fact he'd drunk just as much as the other boys, but he seemed to be the least drunk. When we got outside I was thankful for the arm Pete had wrapped around me. It was freezing out here. \"Holy fuck.\" I said and pressed myself tighter to Pete and he laughed. \"What's wrong love?\" He asked as we watched Matt stumble around in front of us. I looked up at him and he pulled me out of the way of a pole. \"It's fucking cold.\" He laughed at my answer. \"Don't worry. Only another ten minutes.\" Damn. When we finally got to the apartment Pete let us in and I was thankful. It was so warm compared to outside. What I noticed though was that there was only one bedroom and one couch. Where the hell would we all sleep? \"Hey Pete.\" I called out and he turned to look at me. \"You don't happen to have a secret room do you?\" I asked as my brother flopped down on the couch and kicked off his shoes curling into a ball. He laughed at me, or maybe it was my brother and shook his head. \"Sorry love. No hidden room here.\" He nodded to his bedroom. \"Only mine.\" Frowning at his answer I looked to see my brother already passed out. Damn. Oh wells. \"Okay, well, got any extra blankets?\" He nodded and pointed to a small closet. I walked over and pulled out all the extra blankets, being a small amount of three. Walking back over to the couch where Matt was I threw one over him before laying one on the ground next to him. Then I laid down and covered myself up. Looking up I saw Pete standing there watching me with an amused look. \"That's how you're going to sleep?\" He asked. I nodded and he let out a little chuckle and walked to his room. \"Alright then.\" A moment later he walked out with a pillow and tossed it beside my head. \"Thanks.\" I called out to him as he turned around and walked back to his room. He didn't say anything but threw his arm up in the air in a sad attempt of a wave. Rolling over I pulled the pillow under my head and sighed. Today was great and scary all in one. But to be completely truthful, that rush from the fight they had today made me feel alive. It was a great feeling. And I had a hunch, that if I were to spend more time with this group that that wouldn't be the only time I'd witness something like that.[Chapter 5] Well lovelies. Here's another chapter. Upon waking up the next morning I sat up and looked around seeing that neither of the boys were up yet. My back was aching and my head was throbbing lightly, not too bad though. Getting up I made my way to the bathroom and did my business. As I was washing my hands I looked up and had to keep myself from gasping. The little gash on my face from the glass was bleeding from where the scab was ripped off and it was red all around it. Then there was the bruise on my jaw that had spread up my whole cheek. It had turned a darker shade of purple and you could see little scratches along the jaw line. Damn. Shannon's going to flip. I went out and saw that the guys were up. Matt was now sitting up and drinking from a large water bottle and Pete was standing in the middle of the living room. I couldn't see Pete's face because his back was to me, but my brother's was bruised pretty badly. Matt looked up at me and I saw his eyes widen a moment before my attention drifted to Pete as he turned around. When he saw my face he winced lightly. \"Fuck. That looks like it stings.\" I laughed and nodded my head. \"Yeah a little bit.\" Shaking his head he jerked his head toward the kitchen. \"Let's go wash that up.\" I let him lead the way and when we got there he dug in a cabinet and pulled out some aspirin and alcohol to clean the wound. Sighing I walked over and leaned against the counter next to him. He pulled a bottle of water out of the fridge and handed it to me with the aspirin. I took the pill and turned back to him. He eyed my cheek a moment before grabbing a napkin and pouring some of the alcohol on it. \"Alright Ana. This is going to hurt.\" He told me honestly as he began raising the napkin to my face. The stinging was intense but it wasn't anything I couldn't handle. I felt like jerking away but I held my ground, even when he would swipe at the cut. Finally, he removed the napkin and examined his work. With a little smirk he gave a nod. Then his eyes met mine and he raised an eyebrow. \"You're a tough little bird. You know that?\" He told me. \"So I've heard.\" It was one of the main things I heard last night. Apparently all the guys were proud of how I handled the situation. Frowning at me he pushed me out to the living room playfully. \"Go pick up your bed. We're leaving.\" I went out and picked up my blankets and folded them, putting them in a pile at the end of the couch. Matt folded his as well and placed it on top of mine before turning to me. \"How are you feeling Ariana?\" Sighing I sat done on the couch next to him and looked around. \"Honestly? It hurts like a bitch. But, I'm tough, I can handle this Matt.\" He nodded. \"I know.\" Smiling I leaned over and hugged him lightly. \"How are you feeling? Combine the ass kicking and drinking session. I'd say, like shit.\" I predicted as I looked up into his face. He let a little smile cross his face before nodding. I laughed at him and Pete came out of his room, dressed for the day. He looked us over and gave a little chuckle. \"Alright mates, time to go.\" Matt and I hurried to get our shoes on as Pete started making his way to the door. I picked my jacket up off the back of the couch and put it on as I made my way over to him. \"We heading back to Shannon's?\" I asked him and he nodded looking back into the apartment. Finally Matt caught up and Pete locked the door leading the way out of the building. It was sort of nice out. A little bit on the chilly side, but nice none the less. We talked and recalled moments from the day before, mostly of the football match and the fight afterwards. Before long we arrived at this little stand that Pete stopped at and picked up a paper. We'd already ordered our drinks and now Pete was getting upset at the headline. It was about the fights. \"Fucking journos.\" He called out and caught our attention. \"Look at this. West Ham wins three nil in a blinding performance and our little scrap makes the headline.\" He shook his head and looked at the paper in disgust. \"Bloody muckrakers.\" They exchanged a few words about the heading as I waited for our drinks. When we finally got them I thanked the lady gave her the money before balancing all three drinks and making my way to the guys. When I got to them with the drinks Pete was just telling my brother how clueless us 'Yanks' are. I rolled my eyes but didn't really mind it anymore as I handed him his drink. \"Thanks love.\" I nodded and then handed Matt his. \"No problem.\" We then started making our way down the street. \"So, what'd I miss?\" I asked. Pete brought his drink up to his lips and took a sip before looking over at me. \"Not much. Maybe I'll tell you later.\" He told me with a smirk and I rolled my eyes at the man before pushing him, which barely made him step out of time. Laughing at me he looked back over to Matt who was chuckling as well. Excuse me if I'm a girl. \"Anyway. West Ham's football is mediocre. But our firm is top notch and everyone knows it.\" He was walking with his little swagger again I couldn't help but notice that the cockiness to it wasn't so bad anymore. \"The GSE. Green Street Elite. Arsenal, great football, shit firm, the Gooners.\" Okay, what the hell's a firm? \"What the hell is a firm?\" I asked and we stopped in the middle of the street as Pete looked over at me. He seemed as if he were debating to tell me or not, but he'd decided to with a sigh. Matt pulled out a cigarette and lit it as we started walking again. \"We're firms love. Every football team has one, maybe two. We do what you saw yesterday.\" He gave me the short and sweet description which still left me a little confused but I didn't mention it. \"Okay.\" I nodded and he still looked over at me. \"Continue.\" He let out a little laugh before picking up where he left off. \"Right, then Tottenham, shit football, and shit firm. The Yids they're called.\" He got a cocky grin on his face before shooting us a look. \"I actually put their main lad through a phone booth window the other day.\" I remember that, yesterday, when we came in there was the overturned phone booth. \"That was you.\" I said laughing and he turned to give me a wink. He was certainly proud of himself. Matt flipped through the paper that he'd grabbed from the stand before speaking. \"What about Millwall?\" Pete nodded and looked to the sky for a moment. \"Ah Millwall. Where to even fucking begin with Millwall. Millwall and West Ham's firms hate each other more than any other firms by far.\" Ah that must be a pretty big deal then when they fight. \"Sort of like the Yankees and the Red Sox.\" \"More like the Israelis and the Palestinians\" Pete corrected and Matt let out a little laugh. \"We haven't played Millwall in ten years. Their top boy's Tommy Hatcher, horrible old cunt.\" He informed us then let out a slight sigh. \"Back in the Major's day, Tommy's son was killed in a scrap. After that, he went completely mental, lost the plot.\" I couldn't help but feel a little sorry for the man though, losing a son would be horrible. I don't know what I'd do in that situation. I sighed and tried my best to block out what they were talking about. I didn't really feel up to hearing too much more about the firms at the time. That was enough for me. They'd talked about it and I just let my thoughts wander. I'd even decided to think of how Shannon would react when she saw us, for some reason that did the trick. When we'd got on the tube they were still talking about it. I wasn't really up to it still, but I'd listened in. I was standing next to Pete and he and Matt were sitting. They'd tried giving me their seats but I refused. I felt like standing. After a little while a woman came to stand next to me and she gave me a smile. \"Hi.\" She said. I smiled back with a nod. \"Hello.\" Pete looked up and saw her, he then stood up himself. \"Here you are love, sit down.\" He told her and she looked at me. I gave her a nod and she took the seat. \"Thank you.\" She told him. \"It's alright.\" He was now standing slightly in front of me and Matt had stood up as well. Matt was now looking at Pete. \"Look, Pete, I don't know how to thank you for what you did.\" He said and Pete just crossed his arms and shook his head. \"Don't give another thought. Yesterday was a good result for us. We had a laugh, we had a few pints. Cheered on the mighty Hammers. We was completely outnumbered, but we stood by our mates and we stood our ground, no matter what happened. That's what it's all about.\" Matt was now looking at Pete with admiration in his eyes. I felt it too, but definitely not as strong as Matt. \"I love this and all.\" I said and Pete turned to look at me with a grin. \"But, can we talk about something else for a little while?\" He nodded. \"Sure. What about?\" Shaking my head I shrugged my shoulders. \"I don't know?\" He and Matt both laughed at me. \"Alright then. So what is it you want to do while you're here, out of the dreaded States?\" I felt a little frown come to my face as I thought. I wasn't exactly sure. \"I don't really know. I guess I just sort of wanted to check everything out. Get a feel of someplace different. I don't know, I just wanted experience something different.\" Pete nodded, in what I think was approval of my answer. \"Alright. How do you plan on doing this, 'experiencing'?\" I didn't know that either. Then I let a smirk come to my face as a thought popped in my head. \"What better way than to have a living, breathing, member of the land show me around?\" I asked as I gave him a pointed look. Matt was laughing and Pete had a smirk on his face. \"Is that so?\" \"I'll buy you a pint.\" I tried bribing which caused both boys to laugh. \"Maybe love.\" The tube then pulled up to the station and Matt exited first. \"After you.\" Pete said placing a hand on my back and guiding me through the doors. We talked about little random things as we made our way back to Shannon and Steve's. I was just trying to keep my mind off of the possible reactions they may have. I'd gotten my fair share of strange looks today. As we were walking up the drive way I fell back behind Pete and slowed my pace. \"Alright love?\" Pete asked when he noticed. I gave him a weak smile and nodded. Raising an eyebrow, I knew he didn't believe me. \"I'm a little worried.\" He smirked and wrapped his arm around my shoulders. \"It's alright love. If anything, it won't be you they're angry with.\" I let out another deep breath and ducked behind Pete as Matt buzzed us in. I peeked around Pete as Steve came to the door, before he even opened it I saw him eyeing Matt. Finally he opened the door and instantly grabbed Matt's face. \"Look at the fucking state of him.\" He said in an angry voice as he pulled Matt inside. Matt looked like he tried to pull away but Steve wasn't letting go. Pete went in and I followed right behind him. I really didn't want him to see me now. \"Now don't fucking start, alright.\" Pete said to his brother as he leaned around me and shut the door. By now we were standing next to the stairwell and I was still behind Pete, Steve still hadn't even looked at me because he was so worked up over Matt. \"What did I say to you? I said to you one simple thing, no trouble.\" With that he turned back around to check Matt over again. \"It had nothing to do with me. He's walking home, he gets jumped. Bruv, he's lucky we was there.\" Steve turned and glared at him and then noticed me behind Pete but I ducked my head to hide my face. \"Yeah, that's right. You're a real hero ain't you, mate.\" I could feel the atmosphere changing. \"And you saw the whole thing from your sofa, did you. You concentrate on your family, and leave my business to me.\" Steve turned on him then and started getting in his face. I decided it was time to get away. I moved and went to stand next to Matt who was watching the situation. I didn't know what to think. It was all going too fast for me and everything was jumbled in my head. Steve started saying stuff about their mom and dad and that was when Shannon came down the stairs and Matt looked at her. \"Oh my god, Matt. What happened?\" She screeched then started glaring at Pete, I knew she'd one hundred percent blame him. It was then that Steve really looked at me and a glint arose in his eye. He was pissed. \"Shannon. I'm fine.\" Matt said then shot a side glance at me. Shannon looked over at me and her eyes widened as she stepped forward and grabbed my uninjured side. \"Oh my god Ariana.\" I could see her eyes starting to water as she kept looking over my face, it was like she couldn't believe it. \"Pete, can't you see what you're doing to this family?\" Steve said with a glare at Pete. A glare came right on to Pete's own face as he looked him straight back in the eye. \"All I see is a scared old man.\" That was it. Steve snapped and he lunged at Pete slamming him up against the wall. \"Don't talk to me like that!\" He screamed in his face. Pete didn't do anything, just took it. Matt jumped in and grabbed Steve's back. \"Get off of him. You've got the wrong idea.\" Matt tried to reason and Steve turned on him. It was like he didn't even see what was going on as he slammed him into a wall as well. He had him by the throat and I instantly jumped in before anyone could think. \"Get your fucking hands off me.\" Steve was growled in his face. I grabbed his arm and tried pulling him off. What he did surprised everyone in the whole house I think. He shoved Matt away, and I don't know if he thought it was Pete or what. My mind was on overdrive as he grabbed me and flipped me around slamming me twice as hard against the wall and bringing his hand up as if to hit me. Shannon was at his side and screaming. Matt was too shocked to do anything and was standing by the door. If it weren't for Pete, I'd probably have been hit. Pete jumped in and pushed Steve out of the way before grabbing me and pushing me behind him. He blocked me from view as Steve started pushing Pete toward the door and me along with him. \"Get out. Get the fuck out!\" He screamed pushing us out the door and slamming it behind us. I was too shocked. I didn't even know what to do. Pete wrapped his arm around me and was rubbing my arm. Matt was down the road a bit waiting for us. A couple steps later the door opened and there was Shannon standing at the door with tears running down her face. \"Ari. He's sorry. I'm so sorry. Please.\" She called out. I couldn't even look back at the house. It was hard. I shook my head and turned around, walking away from the house. My vision was blurring over as tears tried to escape. I felt Pete's hand start to rub a little softer and I was glad he was doing that. I probably would have fallen apart if he weren't there. When we got to Matt we didn't say anything and just continued walking. It was a while when Pete stopped us and looked at Matt. \"That wasn't the smartest of moves. But thanks, yeah?\" He then looked down at me and gave a little smile. I think that he was a little worried though, there was a glint in his eye that said so. Matt was looking at us and nodded to Pete's words. \"I'm sorry.\" I said to them. Maybe if I didn't jump in things would have worked out. Pete squeezed me to him lightly and gave me another smile. \"Don't be. You were just protecting your big brother. It was instinct love.\" It was honestly, I just jumped in without any thought. He sighed and ran his hand down my arm absent mindedly. And for some weird reason it was leaving these tingles in its wake that made my stomach feel like it was inhabited by butterflies. \"Fancy a pint?\" He asked Matt. Matt winced and shook his head. \"Nah.\" Pete wouldn't take that for an answer. \"Oh come on. You're the one who has to buy the bleeding thing.\" He said as he started walking us away from Matt who was back watching us walk away. He laughed and came to catch up with us. Pete's hand didn't run up my arm like it was before. It was now just resting across my shoulders comfortably. But, there was still the tingling and butterflies in my stomach. What the hell did that mean? Author's Notes: Alright. Here would be my fifth chapter of my Green Street story. I would really like to thank all who read and like it. ","Summary":" Author's Notes: This is my attempt at a Green Street Hooligans story. I will be switching up some m"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Forgiveness is the final form of love","Author":"Ramadiii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6592491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here comes my first GSE-fic, really hope you like it! Not too sure about the response that this will be given so if you want me to continue this, send me a review ;) Thanks for reading! 3 Chapter one – Calling in a favor Bella never saw it coming. Even if she had, she probably would have been too shocked to do anything about it. Her father had never hit her before. Never, no matter what she had done. Sure, he was a crazy son of a bitch but he had never raised a hand on one of his kids before…. Until now. \"Get out of my house.\" He simply said, that cold voice sending chills down her spine. Bella felt the tears running down her face but her father didn't even seem to notice. \"Dad, it's been 10 years already, you have to realize that Tommy is gone.\" She saw her father flinch at the mention of his dead son's name and started moving towards her. \"He's gone and he's never coming back, dad!\" Bella yelled, the tears wetting the reddening skin of her beaten cheek as the other one received an even harder punch. \"Don't you talk about my son!\" He screamed as he kept bringing the fists to his only daughter's face, madness in his eyes and anger in his voice. \"I lost him too, you know!\" Bella yelled back, not even frightened of the pain that continued spreading across her poor face. \"But you never cared, did you? Even when mom left you didn't care! All you ever thought about was yourself!\" At this Tommy Hatcher said nothing. He got up from the floor where his beaten child laid before him, the madness evaporating from his veins but the cold never leaving his eyes. \"I want you out of my house, and out of my town.\" He said, staring down at Bella. He turned around to walk into the livingroom but stopped in the door. \"You are no daughter of mine anymore.\" 15 minutes later Bella was sitting on the tube, her entire life hurriedly stuffed into a suitcase as she leaned her beaten face against the window. People gave her weird looks and whispered behind her but she paid them no attention. Her tears had stopped the moment she had left the house, the cold night-air reminding her of the fact that she was now on her own. Thrown out of her childhood home, all alone without anyone to turn to… Unless… She looked down on the small piece of paper in her hand, an address hurriedly scribbled down. She had wished she'd never have to use it but her otherwise so rational brain seemed to have shut down, and so she was heading to the one place where she might be able to find some help. Steve Dunham was sitting at his desk, almost done with tonight's work when his secretary gently knocked on his door, causing him to look up from the document in his hands. \"I'm sorry, sir, but there is someone insisting on seeing you.\" She said, an apologetic look on her pretty face. Steve glanced down at the Rollex-watch around his wrist, who could it be this late? \"Did you get the name?\" He asked. He was after all almost finished for the night and most visitors tended to take a long time. \"No, sir, but she looks pretty beat up.\" His secretary, Carol, knew about his little brother's business and so she most likely assumed that the girl had something to do with Pete. Not that Steve, at that moment, thought anything different either. \"Show her in.\" He simply said, putting the document aside. \"This way, miss.\" Carol showed the girl in with a gentle hand on her back, after all, the girl's face might not be the only part of her injured. \"Isabella?\" Steve didn't believe his own eyes, what was the only living child of Tommy Hatcher doing in his office, at this time of the night, with a beaten and bruised face. \"What are you doing here?\" He stood up and walked over to where she was standing, her legs seeming a bit shaky as he helped her to a chair across from his desk. \"You know I would never ask you for anything unless I had no other choice, right?\" Bella looked straight into the older man's eyes, seeing the hint of surprise in them as he nodded. \"Well, I have no other choice. My old man threw me out and pretty much banished me from Millwall and...\" She took a deep breath and let it out with a sigh. \"I just didn't know where else to go.\" Steve looked at the girl in front of him. He had only seen her cry once before and that was on the day of her brother's funeral 10 years ago, and here she was: Sitting in front of him, the tears trickling down her swollen cheeks. \"So you want me to find you some place to stay?\" He asked, just making sure he understood what she was asking from him. He found it best not to ask her to go into any further details until she had had something to eat and a decent night of sleep. \"Just to clarify something, this is not guilt-trip. What happened to my brother all those years ago was not your fault... Trust me, I don't blame you.\" Bella hurried to say as she saw that Steve was about to interrupt her. \"I don't want you to help me because you feel bad about what happened, because if that's the only reason you're willing to listen to me then I have no reason to be here.\" She knew that she was acting bossy but she meant every word that came across her lips. Not once had she blamed him for what had happened to Tommy, and she didn't want him to feel obligated to help her because of it. \"I got it.\" Steve chuckled a little and threw a glance down at his wrist-watch before looking up at the girl again. \"You can stay at my place until you've found something else.\" Bella looked at him with such thankful eyes, Steve almost felt uncomfortable. \"Really? But won't that be kind of awkward for you?\" She asked, she might be a pushy-kind of person but she never liked causing trouble for good people. \"Nah, it's only me and my son now so the house is pretty big for just the two of us. Besides, I think Ben will enjoy the company.\" \"You have a son?\" Bella really loved kids and being able to live in the same house as one sounded like a sweet deal. \"How old is he?\" \"He's turning five next week, time sure flies.\" Steve mused with a smile as he passed the framed picture of him and Ben to Bella. \"He looks like you.\" Bella smiled. How she would have wished for a dad like Steve Dunham growing up, his eyes glittered with love as he spoke of his son... \"Just give me 30 minutes and I'll drive you home, alright? Oh, and ask Carol if she could fix you something to eat, you look starving.\" He smiled at her and it was a brightly smiling, or as brightly as she could smile with half of her face numb from the bruises, Isabella that exited his office. Like I said previously, please let me know what you think and if you want a chapter 2 ;)[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 – Settling in AN: Sorry for taking such a long time! Bella's POV \"Are you sure I'm not causing you any trouble?\" I asked when Steve unlocked the door to the house. I was tired, hungry and in desperate need for a shower but I still felt a little uncomfortable knowing that I was intruding this man's sanctuary. \"Will you stop that, Isabella?\" He turned his face to me and smiled. \"It's not a problem.\" \"Aright, I'll stop.\" I smiled back. \"And it's Bella to my friends.\" We walked through the door and was greeted by a little boy, running up to his father to get picked up. \"Hey, why aren't you in bed already?\" Steve kissed the little boy's cheek, causing him to giggle cutely. \"Ben wants to see daddy.\" \"Well, where's your uncle Pete?\" Steve asked as he looked around the hall and that's when Ben's eyes found me. \"He went to football with friends. Who is she?\" Ben pointed his little finger at me but Steve had caught on to the words of the boy. \"What? He left you here on your own?\" The five-year old nodded but kept staring at the strange girl in front of him. \"Who is she?\" \"I'm Bella.\" I walked up and smiled at him, making Ben give me a smile in return. \"Ben.\" His little fingers were tugging at his father's suit, a little shy as he gave me his name. \"It's nice to meet you, Ben.\" \"Let's just put you to bed, young man. Say good night to Bella.\" The older man kissed his son's head and turned around to walk up the stairs. \"Good night, Bella.\" Ben waved at me, rubbing his eye tiredly with the other hand. \"Good night, sweetheart.\" I waved back and watched Steve walk up the stairs, Ben looking over his shoulder to peek at me. \"You just go into the kitchen and get yourself something to eat, I'll just put this buddy to bed and I'll be back to patch you up in a bit.\" \"Aright.\" I nodded and walked into the room that I figured to be the kitchen, opening the fridge to find myself something to eat. I felt a little strange just stomping into his life but he had basically told me to so I tried not to feel too bad about it. I found myself a few slices of pizza and a bottle of water, and sat down at the dinner-table, almost throwing myself at the cold pizza-slices when Steve came down the stairs again. \"You follow orders quite well.\" He stated with a smile and sat down across from me at the table. \"Well, I learned quickly that it was just easier to not question orders.\" I answered, still stuffing my face. I could tell from the serious look on his face that my words had registered in his mind, and that he wasn't too happy about the hidden meaning in them. \"Is that what happened? You didn't agree with your dad and he beat you up?\" He nodded to my face, reminding me of my injuries. I really hoped that Ben hadn't been too frightened by the blood and the bruising but he hadn't seemed too phased by my appearance so in some strange way I guessed he was kind of used to it. \"I didn't just disagree with him, I told him what I've been thinking for the past ten years. That Tommy is dead and that he needs to accept that. I told him to stop thinking about himself and start caring about the family that his hatred shattered. That's why he beat me up.\" I simply said, too tired to get emotional over the facts. \"I knew he lost it when your brother died but I never actually thought he would turn on his own daughter like that.\" Steve looked at me with sadness in his eyes. \"Listen to me, Dunham. I meant what I said back in the office, I've never blamed you for what happened to Tommy. Not once and I'll never think of blaming you for what my father did to me.\" I grabbed a gentle hold of his hand and smiled at him, feeling the sting of pain in my lip as I did but not caring. \"You sure?\" He asked, looking a bit relieved. \"As sure as I'll ever be. Now, you mentioned something about patching me up.\" At this he smiled and opened the first-aid kit he had brought with him from the bathroom upstairs. As he was patching me up we talked. I found out that his wife and Ben's mother had died a few years back in cancer and how it was just the two of them now, he told me about his brother Pete who was just a couple years older than myself and how he had taken over the GSE after Steve left. He asked me about my life and I told him how my mum had finally had enough of my dad's selfishness and left last year, how I stayed behind to look after the old man and to finish my art diploma at The Art Academy in London. How I was currently unemployed but made myself some pocket-money from sketching portraits of tourists on the days that I weren't helping my dad down at the garage. All in all it was a nice chat, we hadn't really seen each other since Tommy's funeral 10 years ago so we had a lot of stuff to catch up on. I remembered the funeral as if it was yesterday. I placed the white rose on the top of my little brother's coffin, the tears stinging in my eyes but willing them not to fall. He didn't like me crying unless it had something to do with football. I smiled a little to myself as I thought of Tommy's goofy face the first time he ever watched a game on the telly. He'd looked at me and said in a dreamy voice: \"That's gonna be me one day on the telly.\" I'd just ruffled his hair and smiled, it was always good to have a dream, I told him but that he would have to work hard for it to come true. Soon enough our dad started taking him to games and although he was having the time of his life, I knew what went on at those games. The fighting afterwards, the drinking before... It wasn't a safe environment for a soon-to-be 12 year old kid. Our dad had taken me to matches before but when Tommy turned ten I was pretty much ignored by my father, I was two years older than my brother but apparently taking the son to a match was more fun than taking the daughter. I knew mum and dad had a lot of fights about whether he should take Tommy to the matches but it always ended in my dad's favour. When we were about to leave the funeral I caught sight of something that luckily my parents didn't. Steve Dunham was slowly walking up to the grave, holding a white flower in his hands before he let it drop into the grave with my brother. I excused myself from my family and walked up to the man in silence. Just when I was a few feet away from him I noticed something, he had tears running down his face. \" Steve Dunham.\" I called his name in a soft voice, slightly hoarse from crying last night. He turned around, obviously startled and his eyes widened when he saw me. \" I'm sorry, I know I shouldn't have come but I just...\" He was tripping over his words and I felt bad for the poor man. \" It was nice of you. I think Tommy would have appreciated it.\" I smiled and I could tell he was confused by my behaviour. \" Listen, I know what I did was...\" He couldn't continue the sentence, it seemed to pain him too much. \"I know it can never make up for what I've done but...\" He dug around in his pocket and pulled out a small piece of paper and a pen, scribbling down something on it. \"This is the address to where I work. If you should ever need anything...\" He reached me the note with a shaking hand and I accepted it with a grateful smile. \" Thank you. I'm Bella by the way.\" I reached out my hand and it was with a perplexed look on his face that Steve shook it. \" Steve, but I guess you already knew that.\" \" Yeah, my dad doesn't really like you.\" I tried to keep the smile on my face but the images of my father screaming his heart out, crying and cursing Steve Dunham for his son's death flashed through my mind and without noticing the tears started falling down my cheeks. \" I'm sorry we had to meet like this.\" He said, handing me a wrinkly tissue to wipe the tears away. \" Me too, you seem like a nice guy, Dunham.\" I chuckled as I dabbed away the wetness on my face. \" Not really... But thank you.\" Hard knockings on the frontdoor made me pull my mind from the memories and with a raised eyebrow I threw a glance at the clock on the wall. It was far too late for any visitors to be coming by but Steve got up from his seat at the table and walked out of the room to answer the door. Let me know if there is anyone still reading this and I'll continue it ;)[Chapter 3] Forgiveness is the final form of love – Chapter 3 - Family AN: First I really want to thank my new beta-reader (and muse) alicelouise'x for helping me out with everything Green Street-related! You're the best! Bella's POV \"Aye aye, bruv!\" The loud voice hit my ears and for a moment I hoped Ben hadn't woken up from it but from the lack of crying I assumed that he was still asleep. \"What are you doin here?\" Steve didn't sound amused by the late visit and I decided to walk to the door to see who it was. What greeted me was a man my own age, tall and muscular, bruised but not nearly as beaten up as I was. \"Well, hello...\" The younger of the two men whistled and I unconsciously crossed my arms over my chest, straightening out as much as I could with my bruised ribs. \"Way to go, bruv.\" The man patted Steve on the shoulder, as if proud of him and made his way past us, his eyes lingering on my body as he passed. \"Pete?\" I asked Steve and he just nodded with a tired sigh before following his brother into the kitchen. \"Where were you tonight?\" Steve asked the younger man who just reached for a beer in the fridge. \"Match. Why?\" He opened the bottle with his teeth and winked at me as he did. What did he think? That I would be impressed? Please. \"You left your five year old nephew home alone. He could have died, Pete!\" Steve raised his voice but Pete didn't seem to be affected by it. \"Oh, come on. It was just for an hour or two. Besides I told Julia to come check up on him.\" He took another swig of the beer as if they were discussing the weather. \"Julia? There is no way that crank-whore is even throwing another glance at my son! Ben was your responsibility tonight, I trusted you with him and you decided to go to the match?\" Steve ran his hands over his face, he looked so tired and I could only guess that this wasn't the first time Pete had run out on a deal with his older brother. \"Oh, come on.\" The younger man pushed himself off the table he'd been leaning against and walked up to his brother, his face only inches away from Steve's. \"Nothing happened, so just cool down, bruv.\" I just sighed. This scene was pretty familiar, I'd heard fights like this many times between my mum and dad before she split but I didn't think I would ever get used to it. \"Listen, Steve.\" Both men turned to me, effectively bringing an end to the argument. \"This is between the two of you and I don't have any say in it, so would it be okay if I could lay down somewhere? I feel a little dizzy.\" \"Just go up in the brother's bed, he'll be up in a few.\" Pete winked at me but I just raised a cocky eyebrow. \"Ain't gonna happen, Dunham. The couch is fine by me.\" I said and winced as my ribs hurt again. \"Does it hurt?\" Steve asked and as much as I would have liked to deny it, it really hurt too bad to hide any more. \"Only when I breath.\" I hissed through gritted teeth. Apparently standing up and walking hurt me more than I'd first thought. \"Hold on, I'll get you something.\" The older Dunham walked out of the kitchen and up the stairs, leaving me alone with the younger of the two. \"What happened to you?\" Pete asked after a few moments of silence, when I sat down again. \"I fell.\" I said, my voice dripping with sarcasm. \"Right, then the pavement must have pummelled you pretty badly once you'd fallen.\" He stated matter-of-factly and I just laughed softly. \"Yeah, I think the pavement's got something against me.\" The silence returned in the kitchen as Pete sat down across from me and continued to look at me with those blue eyes of his. He wasn't that bad-looking, okay I admit it, and despite being tired and in pain I still fleetingly thought what it would be like to run my fingers over that stubby blonde hair of his. \"Here we are.\" Steve walked into the kitchen again with two painkillers in his hand, effectively brining an end to my thoughts. I took the pills and swallowed them down with the last of the water in the bottle from dinner. \"Thanks.\" I mumbled, feeling even more sleepy than before. \"Mind if I turn on the tv?\" Pete asked, walking into the livingroom without waiting for the answer to his question. \"Not at all, go on ahead.\" Steve mumbled when his brother pushed passed him. I smiled at him and followed the younger one of the brothers. Livingroom and tv usually included a couch and that meant I might be able to get some shut-eye without anyone noticing. Soon enough Pete and I sat on the couch with Steve in the armchair watching the football-match between Brazil and Norway. I didn't really mind football, in fact I kind of liked it but in my life football had never been just football which made the whole sport something I felt like avoiding if possible. But I had to admit that the painkillers made me kind of drowsy and half-laying on the soft couch feeling safe for the first time in a while slowly allowed sleep to claim me. Pete's POV \" I fell.\" Bull. Shit. There is no way you get that beat up just from falling. Possibly if you fell on somebody's fist over and over and over again. From what I could tell she was pretty good-looking underneath all those bruises and swelling, at least she had the kind of body I liked. Not one of those tall bitches with sky-high heels thinking they were all that. She was petite but still had curves. Just my type. I took my eyes off the game on the tv for a second and let them travel to the girl on my left. Her eyes were closed and her breathing had evened, telling me she was asleep. I wonder what happened to her, who would hurt someone who looked like that? I only had a few rules when it came to fighting: 1. You don't do someone on the deck. 2. You never raise your hand to a woman, no matter what. And from the looks of her wincing when she tried to straighten out someone had done both of those things to her and it pissed me off. I stood up and walked over to the other armchair where the big blanket laid. I picked it up and placed it over the girl, I knew how sore she would be in the morning so the least I could do was to make her as comfortable as possible until then. I knew my brother was watching me but I didn't feel like explaining my train of thought, I might be a bastard sometimes but I wasn't heartless. I nodded goodbye to my brother, also to be taken as a silent 'I'm sorry' for the whole baby-sitting thing and headed to the door. It was late and both me and him had work in the morning. Steve's POV I couldn't really help but smile when Pete draped the blanket over Bella's sleeping form. He didn't even know her name but he still felt the need to protect her, even if he didn't know it himself. I had the feeling the girl was going to stay a while, at least until she had gotten herself a job and was able to... That's it! I looked at my wrist-watch, okay it was too late to call now but in the morning I'd make a call to Terry and ask if he might need help down at the pub. It wasn't that I wanted to get rid of her, I actually liked the kid but I had a feeling that she wasn't one to just want to sit on her ass all day with nothing to do. I went upstairs and pulled out another blanket of the closet, she might get cold during the night, and some more painkillers along with a new water-bottle to place on the table next to the couch in case she woke up from the pain and didn't want to wake me up. I realized that by doing this I was partially trying to clear my conscience of her brother's death but I also partially felt responsible for her. Now she had no one, no family, no home, no job and I just felt like maybe I could help her out a bit until things changed for the better. Third chapter's up! Sorry for the shortness of it, the next one will be at least twice the length. Thank you so much for reading and please tell me what you thought of it, it keeps me writing (and faster!)[Chapter 4] Forgiveness is the final form of love – Chapter 4 – The Abbey Bella's POV Standing in front of the pub called 'The Abbey' I felt something unfamiliar stir in the pit of my stomach, Steve had called it nervousness but I knew it wasn't. It was fear and I wasn't afraid to admit it. I was from Millwall, the sworn enemy of West Ham, and here I was heading into their headquarters expecting anything but a warm welcome. Steve had said that I was sure to get a job there and normally I wouldn't even feel half as bad as I did now but there were some things that just weren't to my advantage. 1. As previously mentioned me = Millwall, they = West Ham. Together = Not a good combination. 2. I may have been able to cover up the bruises on my face but I still felt them and I constantly felt like the injuries had started showing again. 3. What if someone recognized me? Or even worse, what if my dad found out where I was? \"Lookin' for somethin', lass?\" I turned around and saw a man walking up to me. He was probably around the same age as Steve and looked just as nice, but then again I knew looks could be deceiving. \"Yeah, maybe you could help me.\" I stuffed my hands in my pockets and walked up to meet him half-way. \"I'm looking for the owner.\" \"Ah, then you must be Bella. Steve called me, said you'd be coming. I'm Terry, the owner.\" He shook my hand with a warm smile before unlocking the door to the pub and showing me in. \"So...\" Terry looked at me from behind the bar. \"Your old man got you real good, ey?\" \"You know about...\" I felt my throat dry up a bit. \"You being Hatcher's daughter? Yep. You see back when Steve was the Major I was his right-hand man. I was there the day your brother...\" He noticed the look on my face. \"Back then. So Steve told me what happened and asked me to take care of you. You know, make you feel at home and all that.\" \"Have you ever worked in a pub before?\" He asked while he was giving me the tour of the place. \"Not really, but I've been to enough to know how things work.\" I explained and he seemed satisfied with that answer because he just hummed. \"What would you say about starting tonight, then we'll take it from there?\" \"Absolutely! Thank you, Terry. I'm in your debt.\" I answered gratefully. The older man shook his head. \"Think nothing of it, lass. I'm just happy to help.\" He threw me a waist apron and I caught it, although with a grim thought in my head. \"Will anyone know?\" Terry turned to me again with a confused look on his face. \"About my family I mean...\" I hesitated as the words left my mouth. \"I'm not really one for telling you what to do but I personally think it would be wise if you didn't mention Hatcher being your ol' man and all. Considering.\" \"And what about Millwall?\" I asked, really wanting to know how much about me I should reveal. \"I don't think that'll be a problem.\" Terry smiled. \"Just share what you feel, the boys in here wouldn't hurt a woman but they may not always be nice to one if you know what I'm saying.\" \"I was raised in a firm, I know what you mean.\" I chuckled humourlessly. \"Right.\" I couldn't really tell from the look on his face if he found my remark amusing or saddening but I shook it off as the bell above the door chimed and the first customer of the day made his appearance. *I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * \"Oi, Bells! Would you get some beers to the boys in the corner?\" Terry called over the loud noise in the pub and I quickly drafted three pitchers of beer for the loudest patrons in the place. \"Here you go, boys.\" I said as I placed the pitchers on the table without really looking at the men around it. \"Well, well, well. What do we have here, boys?\" One of the men whistled and when I turned my eyes to him I saw him looking me up and down. \"Terry got himself a new bar-maid did he?\" Another asked although I could tell he was talking about me, not to me. \"Hello, boys!\" A familiar voice coming from behind me made me turn around and I was greeted by the first familiar face I'd seen all night. \"Bella? What are you doin' here?\" He said as he walked up to me and the table. \"My first day of work, Steve set it up for me.\" I placed the last pitcher on the table and it was first now that I saw the man behind Pete. He looked like a typical right-hand man, willing to do anything for the firm. I shivered at the thought. \"Pete, you know this girl?\" One of the guys asked and Pete greeted them all before sitting down in the corner. \"She's a friend of me brother's. Not that I really know anything about her.\" He shrugged and looked at me as if expecting me to spill my life-story right then and there. \"Well. I'm Dave.\" The guy who'd whistled me stood up and reached out his hand for me to shake. \"And sorry 'bout earlier, didn't mean to make you uncomfortable.\" He winked and sat back down, allowing Pete to introduce me to the other boys. They offered me to sit down with them and I threw a look at Terry for conformation before I joined them. The right-hand guy, Bovver I think his name was, just kept staring at me as if trying to chase me away from the table but no one else seemed to mind him so I didn't either. They didn't tell me but I knew from the first glance that they were at the top of West Ham's firm, the GSE but they were so different from the NTO in how they behaved. They weren't afraid to pull jokes, they talked back to their \"leader\" which no one dared to do to my father. These guys really were a family, not just a bunch of guys who got drunk, watched football and fought together. I was just getting comfortable next to Pete who's eyes, I noticed out of the corner of my eye, kept coming back to me and when I turned my head to look back at him he met my gaze with the hint of a smile. I really figured he would just meet my eye and then go back to the conversation but he actually kept his eyes locked in mine and I gradually felt my cheeks heating up until a loud voice broke the spell between us. \"Bells, you're up!\" Terry called from the bar and suddenly I was back into work. \"Sorry, boys. Boss is calling.\" I sighed and stood up, throwing one last look at Pete before walking away from the table and going to do my job. I had just left the pub for the night and was heading to the tube, very tired but very happy from working all night, when I heard someone walking up behind me. For a second I thought that maybe it was just coincidence that they were heading in my direction but soon the person started walking faster and faster until I felt a rough hand grab a firm hold on my arm and spun me around to face him. \"What the fuck?\" I exclaimed when I saw who it was. \"You scared the shit out of me!\" I tried to free my arm but grip of the man called Bovver was too tight. \"Why the fuck are you here?\" He growled. \"What?\" I asked confused. \"I knew you were trouble from the moment I saw you but I never expected you to actually show up in West Ham.\" I felt my blood run cold. Now that I thought about it I recognized him from somewhere, even though I couldn't quite place him I suspected he might have ran into my father sometime when I was with him. \"I don't know what you mean.\" I tried to pry his fingers away from my arm but he just gripped it harder than before. \"Don't act so innocent with me, you're Tommy Hatcher's daughter. Now...\" I winced as his grip tightened until I was sure it would leave bruises. \"Why shouldn't I tell everyone and get you fired?\" \"Look. I don't know what you think you know but I have nothing to do with my father or Millwall any more.\" I pleaded, almost desperately. \"And I'm supposed to believe tha?\" \"Look, I'm not here to hurt anyone, least of all the GSE. I just want to start over and Steve and Terry were nice enough to give me that chance.\" His grip loosened a bit and I let out a breath I didn't know I had been holding. \"If you do anything to hurt this firm I will make sure you'll never live to see another day.\" He hissed and finally let go of me. He didn't even throw me another glance as he walked away, leaving only the bruises on my arm as proof that the conversation ever took place. *I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * Two months had passed since my first night at 'The Abbey' and my life had started getting back on track. My job at the pub was going smoothly and I could only assume the Bovver hadn't said anything about our little interaction because everyone treated me really nice, especially Pete and the boys. Bov had been the only one who was distant, more like cold, with me but the guys told me not to worry about it, he'd warm up eventually. I had slowly been getting more and more involved with the guys and the GSE, no matter how much I may have tried to avoid it. I was always in the bar on football-days and somewhere along the way I'd managed to get pulled into the merry atmosphere and had soon enough found myself singing along in the many songs that could be heard for blocks before a match. Lately I'd kept getting invited to come to the matches with them and usually I would have declined, saying that there was just too much work to be done because I didn't want to get mixed up with the firms again, but today Terry had told me I should go and so there I was. Sitting between Pete and Dave watching the game I actually felt good. As much as I didn't want to admit it football was in my blood and no matter where I originally came from I jumped and cheered whenever West Ham scored a goal. Something that seemed to thrill the guys, apparently not many of the girls they knew were this interested in football. \"I never thought I'd say this but I haven't had this much fun in a long time.\" I laughed as we were making our way out of the arena and we were all excited about the win when Bovver came up and pushed my slightly out of his way when he came to whisper something in Pete's ear. Something that got Pete very excited. Something that I assumed had to do with an upcoming fight. I knew the boys weren't really comfortable with sharing the knowledge about their firm and so I didn't give them an opportunity to tell me some sort of excuse for leaving, by leaving first. \"Listen guys.\" All attention was turned to me. \"Thanks for inviting me to the match, it was really nice but I need to head home. Steve needed a babysitter and I said I could cover for him so...\" \"A'right, too bad but we wouldn't wanna keep Ben waiting, would we?\" Pete said, unable to hide the overjoyed smile that made its way onto his lips at the thought of a good scrap. \"Right.\" I smiled and leaned over to hug them all goodbye, everyone except Bovver who just turned away from me when I got close, causing him to receive annoyed looks from the guys. When I got to Pete I leaned a little closer to whisper into his ear. \"Be careful, you hear?\" When I pulled back he looked at me with a questioning look on his face, not quite understanding how I knew they might need to be careful. \"No worries, lass. We'll take good care of him for ya.\" Dave winked at me and I actually felt myself blush a little. The guys headed in one direction and I in another, happily unaware of the fact that a pair of eyes were watching me turn the corner. \"Hatcher!\" I froze and whipped around to see who could possibly know my last name. I hadn't told anyone besides Steve and Terry, and Bovver but he had left with the boys! \"James...\" I felt the breath hitch in my throat at the sight of the terrifying man in front of me. \"Miss me?\" He smirked and started closing in on me. I saw in the corner of my eye how someone walked up behind me and before I could even see who it was I felt a hard blow to the back of my head and everything went black. *I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * When I woke up the next morning I immediately regretted it. Everything hurt and I mean everything. I looked around and despite the fact that I didn't know what James and his friend had done to me while I was unconscious I was relieved I hadn't been moved from the alley where I'd been jumped. I was on my back and as I rolled over I felt my ribs screaming in protest, I'd say they were broken but then again I wasn't a doctor. I bit down hard on my swollen lip as I tried to stand up but sunk down back onto the ground, gasping for air. \"What the fuck happened to you, Hatcher?\" And here I thought my morning couldn't get any worse. \"Not now, Bovver.\" I hissed through gritted teeth as I once again tried to stand up, actually getting up but was about to fall when I felt a pair of strong arms grab a hold of me. I blinked a couple of times to clear my vision and was surprised to see the older man holding me up. He never got close to me, let alone touched me so I was a little shocked to say the least. \"What are you doin'? Going to drop me in a second, 'ey?\" I chuckled humourlessly and felt Bov sigh. \"A'ight, I deserved that. Can you walk?\" He asked and even though I still wasn't too sure about his intentions I took a trying step and found that I didn't hurt all that bad if I just took it slowly. \"Yeah.\" I grabbed a handful of the man's jacket to try and steady myself as a wave of dizziness came over me. \"You need to go to a hospital.\" He said as he helped out of the alley and halted a cab for me but I stopped in my tracks at the mention of a hospital. \"No, no hospitals. All I need are some painkillers and a decent bed to sleep in and I'll be good in no time.\" Bovver looked at me for a few seconds before getting me into the car and joined me before telling the driver an address that I was sure wasn't the hospital. I wanted to ask him where we were going but I suddenly felt very tired and leaned my head on the man's shoulder just for a second to rest my eyes and when I opened them again ten minutes later we were outside of an apartment-building. \"Where are we?\" I asked, blinking the sleep out of my eyes as Bov paid the driver. \"Outside a place that has painkillers and a decent bed.\" He actually smiled at me and I felt my otherwise defensive attitude towards him lighten up a bit. He managed to get me up the two flights of stairs but it took a little time and once we finally reached the apartment I was short of breath. \"You wanna sit down?\" Bov asked me when he noticed. \"Nah, just need to... catch my breath.\" I breathed and braced myself against the wall for a second, looking around the small apartment as I took my time. It was a lot like Bovver actually, it wasn't fancy but served its purpose, I thought and smiled softly to myself. \"I guess you wanna take a shower.\" Bove said and handed me a towel that I accepted gratefully. Sleeping in an alley all night sure did leave you feeling a little dirty so I walked into the bathroom after he showed me where it was and started undressing. It was first now, when I started peeling off my dirty bloody clothes, that I realized why Bov had been worried about me and when I stood there naked and looked into the mirror I felt the hair stand up at the back of my neck. I had gotten a shiner that surely I wasn't going to be able to hide, my bottom lip had cracked and was swollen at the corner. My long blonde hair had streaks of dried blood and my eyebrow had a bleeding cut across it. My torso and waist had several dark patches on them, no doubt from kicks and there were bruises on the outside of my thighs as well as my arms and wrists from when I'd been held down... I shook my head tiredly and turned away from the mirror, stepping into the shower allowing the water to wash away the blood. 40 minutes later I was sitting on Bov's couch, dressed in a pair of his old sweatpants and a West Ham-hoodie, sipping a cup of tea as the man inspected the injuries on my face from across the coffee-table. \"So I have to ask...\" I started and placed my cup on the table. \"What's with the nice-guy-attitude, Bovver?\" He tensed up a little but still met my gaze, something that he'd rarely did before... At least not with a smile in his eyes. \"I was in Millwall the other night... And I kinda met your ol' man.\" I could tell from the look on his face that it wasn't a good meeting, but since when was any meeting with my father ever a good one? \"And?\" I bit my lip and tried to shake the thoughts of my dad out of my head. \"And I see why you left. He's gone fuckin' mental.\" Bov dropped his head and shook it as he spoke. \"You see...\" I picked up my cup and took a sip before resting it in my lap. \"I.. I didn't exactly leave.\" He turned his face to me and looked at me with a questioning look on his face. \"He beat me up and pretty much banished me from Millwall.\" I shrugged softly and raised the cup to my lips again. \"Guess he couldn't have a daughter who realized that he'd lost it.\" \"You're shitting me...\" He stared at me in disbelief. \"He would actually turn against his own kid?\" \"Apparently.\" \"Who knows about this?\" He asked and I drank the last of the tea before answering him. \"Not including you?\" He nodded. \"Steve Dunham and Terry.\" \"Not Pete?\" I looked at him with a confused eyebrow raised. \"Pete?\" Another nod. \"No, why would I have told him?\" He shrugged in a manor that made me a little annoyed but I was beaten up too bad to do anything about it. \"No one was supposed to know besides Steve.\" I sighed and leaned back on the couch, closing my eyes as I did to ease the headache that was currently attacking my poor head. \"Then you found out and I was sure that you would get me thrown out of West Ham... But you didn't.\" I opened my eyes again and looked straight at him. \"Why didn't you, Bov?\" He kept his silence for a few seconds, as if choosing his words carefully. \"I would have. I told myself that I really would tell if you caused any trouble. But you didn't. And then when I met your ol' man last night I... I just thought you deserved better than what you had.\" I smiled a little and told him to come to me seeing as I couldn't really get off the couch. He did as I asked, although a little questioning when I leaned forward and kissed his cheek gently. \"Thank you.\" I whispered and although he seemed a little uncomfortable he met my eyes and let out a little smile of his own that I'd never seen before. \"No problem, kid.\" A/N: I'm back! After a long-ass hiatus I'm back to writing on this story, it took a while but I hope you enjoyed chapter 4 ;) Thanks for reading![Chapter 5] Forgiveness is the final form of love – Chapter 5 – Some answers, some questions A/N: New chapter's up! As you might have noticed this story goes very slowly, mostly because I have so much going on right now but also because I'm sorta missing the inspiration for this. So if anyone has any ideas as to how this should be continued, if nothing else just to spark my interest again I'd be thankful ;) Now, on to reading! \"Where the fuck have you been the past week, Bells?\" Pete asked me when he spotted me behind the bar for the first time in a week's time. \"Terry said you'd taken the week off and when I asked Steve he said you'd moved out.\" \"Well, they're both right.\" I smiled and handed the two beers in my hands to the man who'd ordered them. \"Now, what can I get you, Dunham?\" I turned back to him. \"Some answers.\" He looked angry and I suddenly understood why he was the head of the Green Street Elite. \"Why do you care?\" I asked with raised eyebrows. There was no real reason for him to, it's not like we were anything other than friends. At least not as far as I knew. He looked a little taken aback by my question but soon got his poker-face back on. \"Stop avoiding the subject, Bella. You were gone for a 'ole week without anyone knowing where you were, we were worried about you.\" \"Look, Pete. I'm fine, nothing's happened so you can all stop worrying.\" I assured him and sighed in relief when I saw Bovver walk up behind him. \"Yo, mate. What's happ'ning?\" He asked with a hand on his leader's shoulder but his eyes directed to me. \"Just trying to find out where Bells was for the past week 's all.\" Pete answered annoyed and Bov snorted. \"The princess probably just ran away with her Prince Charming for a while.\" He said in an annoyed voice although the eyes still looking straight into mine were kind. \"Oh, shut up, Bovver.\" I said and handed them the beers. \"At least I have preferences.\" I dead-panned and I could tell he had a hard time trying not to chuckle. Both of them left the bar and I went back to work, my mind travelling to the past week at Bovver's place. \" So this James-character. 'ho is he?\" Bov called from the bedroom where he was making the bed. I finished brushing my teeth and slowly walked out to join him. \" He's part of Millwall's firm, NTO. He was arrested a few years back for attempted rape. He got out recently and when he saw me with you guys he must have put two and two together and thought I'd betrayed my dad... Plus he's always had something against me.\" I shivered, something that Bovver seemed to notice. \" What ya mean?\" He asked and sat down on the made bed. \" It's a bit of a long story but I guess I'll shorten it down seeing as it's kinda late.\" I sighed and ran a bandaged hand through my hair as I joined him on the bed. \" I was the person he attempted to rape.\" I said, trying to keep my voice as steady as possible. An uncomfortable silence filled the room and I could literally feel Bovver's furious eyes on me. \" What?\" He hissed and for a second I was so thankful for knowing that he wasn't angry at me. \" He never really got that far though but ever since then I just... freeze up around him. I can't help it!\" I exclaimed frustrated. \"I'm a pretty good fighter but whenever I hear his name I get so scared I can't move and I hate it!\" I felt an angry tear leaking from the corner of my eye and wiped it away, not caring about the pain from the bruise underneath it. \" But he didn't, you know... Last night, I mean...\" Bov tried to find the right words but I cut him to it. \" No, if he had I would have known. Don't ask me why he didn't but I guess he wants me conscious, likes to hear people scream.\" I explained and tried not to let my own words freak me out. I'd gone through the whole thing once, I could do it again, I thought. \" Listen, Bells. I was thinking about something.\" I looked up from the hands clasped on my lap and looked up. \" What's that?\" \" Maybe it would be better for you if you stayed here a while.\" He wasn't looking at me any more but I could tell he was cursing himself for sounding so lame. \"If James really following you it means you ain't safe at Steve's any more. This is the least likely place to find you... It's a fucked up plan, ain't it?\" He asked disappointed when my eyebrows kept rising higher with every word. \" Yeah, it is. But I actually think that it's a good one as well. That is if you can bare having me as a room-mate.\" I smiled. \"Oi, beautiful. Earth calling for Bells.\" Dave Miller was waving his hand in front of my face and with a wide smile I returned to earth and the man. \"Hey, Dave.\" I greeted happily. There was something special about Dave. He was one of the nicest guys I'd ever met, he looked respectable, he had a good job, he was a good husband and he cared for me like a little sister, something that I'd never experienced before. \"What's up?\" He laughed and pointed over his shoulder to a sulking Pete in the furthest corner of the pub. \"What'd you do to piss him off?\" He smiled but I just raised an eyebrow. \"I asked him why he cared where I was all week. It's not like I told anyone else, why should he be an exception?\" I said matter-of-factly and Dave just laughed and reached over the counter to ruffle my hair. \"Sometimes you're so dense it's just adorable.\" \"What? If he wants something he should tell me, I'm not one for reading into things.\" I replied and pushed the bowl of salted peanuts towards the pilot, knowing they were his one vice... Apart from football and beer. \"Nope, you sure ain't.\" He agreed with a crooked smile and shoved a handful of salted nuts into his mouth. \"Whou dun yu schit wisch ush?\" He said with his mouth full. \"What?\" I laughed and watched him swallow the nuts with great difficulty. \"Why don't ya come sit with us? I'm sure Terry'll let you off the hook for the night.\" He threw a look at Terry who just smiled and nodded in agreement. Terry knew why I had been gone from work for a week as did Steve but I had told them not to tell anyone else, so no one but me, them and Bovver knew the truth about my absence for the past week. Sitting there with the boys again felt strangely normal, hearing them talk about last night's match against Tottenham put a smile on my face and although Pete was still not his usual energetic self he was part of the conversation and I caught him casting glances my way more than once. Finally getting annoyed at his sideways glances I stood up and walked up behind him, the smell of his cologne brought images to life in my head, and I leaned down to hiss in his ear. \"Could I talk to you alone?\" He looked up at me, surprised to say the least but he never the less excused himself, stood up and followed me outside into the cold night air. \"What you wanna talk about?\" He asked and shoved his hands in the pockets of his jeans, shielding them from the cold wind. \"Why do you keep looking at me like that?\" Straight-forward as usual, way to go Bells. \"Like what?\" His tough-guy attitude was starting to show in his voice so I decided to get to the point before his guard was up completely. \"Like you have something to say to me.\" I looked him in the eye and for a second I thought he was going to deny it but when he didn't I continued. \"So what is it?\" He sighed and ran a hand over his short blonde hair. \"Bells... When I said that we were worried about you, I kinda lied.\" He explained in an uncertain voice as if questioning every word that came out of his mouth. \"Truth is what I meant was that I was worried about you.\" He sighed, his breath showing in the cold air. \"Why?\" I inched closer, as if the warmth of his body was speaking to me, willing me to come closer. \"Cause I care about you.\" He shrugged in an attempt to stop his fidgeting. \"And I'm starting to think not just as a friend any more.\" So I hadn't been completely wrong after all. \"Then why didn't you tell me?\" I asked, taking another step closer until I was almost pressed against his taller frame. \"I was... Don't know, worried I guess. About losing you as a friend. And it's not like I know much about you at all, I mean you could 'ave just packed up your stuff and left.\" This time he didn't even try to hide his fidgeting and to be honest I found it quite sweet that the proud and cocky leader of the GSE would act this innocent. \"I'm not the kind of girl who abandons her friends, feelings involved or not.\" I smiled softly and allowed myself to press against him, goosebumps spreading over my body as he wrapped his arms around me, his muscular body giving me some warmth back. \"So what are you doing tonight, mystery-girl?\" He smiled and looked down at me with a smirk. \"Well, that depends...\" I played a little with the sipper of his shirt. \"On if I could find some young stud to take me home, I could really use some company tonight.\" I said in a teasing voice and I felt the smallest rumble go through Pete's chest as he growled silently. \"You're a fuckin' tease, you know that?\" He whispered, his lips were so close to mine and I could feel my heart speeding up at the thought of kissing them. \"You love it.\" I said and before I could get another word out his lips were on mine and I quickly found myself kissing him back. *I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * That night ended early for the two of us as we left the Abbey not long after that kiss. The whole way home to Pete's place we were acting like a couple of school-kids, kissing and touching every chance we got. It wasn't until I was on top of him on his bed with him practically ripped my shirt off of me that he stilled and it took me a moment to realize why but once I got it I felt the colour drain from my face. Pete was staring at the still prominent discolouring all over my torso from my meet with the NTO last week and I couldn't decide whether he looked angry or shocked. \"What the fuck is this, Bells?\" He sat up, still with me immovably straddled across him. \"They're called bruises, Pete. You've never seen one before?\" Out of all the things I could have said I chose this moment to be funny, what the fuck was wrong with me? \"Don't you dare be cute with me. What the fuck happened to you?\" Pete was staring me squarely in the eye and I didn't like the look in his eyes one bit. \"It's nothing.\" I said as I grabbed my shirt and pulled it on to cover up the worst of the healing bruises, at least they looked a lot worse than they felt. \"Don't worry about it.\" I got up from the bed and headed for the door, just wanting to get out of there as quickly as possible but Pete wouldn't let it end there. He got up and in a second he was behind me, grabbing onto my arm to stop me from leaving. \"Pete, let me go.\" I tried to pry my arm away but of course he was stronger than me. \"No, not until you tell me who did this.\" His voice was firm and sort of frightening, a lot like the one my dad used when he was upset with me. \"Let go of my arm, Pete.\" I felt the panic starting to rise when he not only didn't let go but tightened the grip. \"Tell me!\" He screamed at me, causing the tears to spill over in my eyes. \"It was the NTO!\" I screamed back at him, feeling my father's name on the tip of my tongue but stopping myself from letting it slip out. \"What?... Why would they go after you?\" Pete was stunned but thankfully he let go of my arm. \"I sort of... used to be a part of them... Tommy Hatcher's my dad.\"[Chapter 6] Forgiveness is the final form of love – Chapter 6 – Silence is my answer A/N: This will be the last chapter of Forgiveness is the Final Form of Love. I have enjoyed writing this story, although it didn't turn out completely as I expected, but what ever does really? Each chapter has taken a lot of time, I am aware, but I'm thankful for every person who has taken the time to find them, read them and like them! I hope you like this last chapter! Pete brushed past me without a word and sat down on the couch in the livingroom, his face set in stone and his jaw tense as he stared aimlessly into the wall next to me. It was stupid. Telling him. I knew that, but still I couldn't help feeling like I had done nothing wrong. Tommy Hatcher might be an insane bastard but he was still my dad and a part of me. I didn't say anything, a part of me feeling like I didn't deserve to, just waited for him to break the silence. After a few moments he broke his staring at the wall and turned his blue eyes to me, the ice they sent through my body was enough to cause me to shiver. \"Who knows?\" His voice, firm and chilling, sparked a tinge of fear inside of me but I did my best to keep it hidden. \"I came to your brother for help two months ago so he knows, Terry knew me from his time in the firm and then there's Bovver... He recognized me the moment he saw me.\" I explained but by the time I mentioned Bovver Pete couldn't sit still any more and started pacing. \"So why didn't he tell me about you?\" His voice was angry now, accusing, and I really didn't like it. \"He would have.\" I answered, my voice low and slightly shaking. \"He told me if I caused trouble then he would tell and get me kicked out...\" \"Why did you lie to me?!\" Pete suddenly yelled causing me to flinch. \"Technically, I never lied to you about my family. You never asked.\" I countered. \"Had I asked would you have told me the truth?\" Looking into those dangerous blue eyes I wanted so badly to tell him what he wanted to hear... But I couldn't lie to him any more. \"No, I wouldn't have.\" At my response his demeanour changed for the worse. He straightened up, his entire body tensed and the look in his eyes was that of complete and utter disgust. \"Get out.\" I felt the lump in my throat grow to an uncomfortable size as I nodded silently and grabbed my jacket laying on the floor before leaving the apartment, my tears mixing with the pouring rain as I didn't know where I was headed any more. *I'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air * \"You don't have to leave, Bells.\" Bov stood in the doorway, attempting to block my way as I restlessly walked between the bedroom and the livingroom to throw whatever things of mine I could find into my bag. \"Yes, I do, Bovver.\" I sighed as I pushed my way past him to throw a pair of jeans into the green suitcase. \"I can't stay here. I just can't.\" \"Bella, just stop for a second. Please.\" A gentle hold on my arms actually made me stop but looking into his eyes brought tears to mine. \"Where will you go, huh? Back to your ol' man?\" \"I don't know...\" A tear rolled down my face and he pulled me into a tight embrace, sharing some of his warmth. \"I don't know but I guess I could look for my mum. She left after Tommy died, I haven't heard from her since then.\" I pulled away from the safety of Bov's arms and wiped my tears with the sleeve of my hoodie. That's what I would do. I would look for my mum, live with her and put the last 10 years behind me. \"Are you sure you're not just running away?\" I was running away. I realized that. I had been through too much for a girl my age and yet I had never ran away on my own free will. But this was it. I just couldn't take it any more. I missed my mum so much it hurt and just the thought of seeing her again was the one thing that kept me together right now. With all my things packed there was just two things left to do. Saying goodbye to Steve was worse than I expected it to be, and telling Ben that I wasn't going to be around any more just broke my heart. He'd lost his mum to cancer two years earlier and now I was leaving, the girl he'd come to see as a sort of aunt. But the most difficult thing was walking into 'The Abbey', knowing that it would be the last time I ever set foot there. Knowing that it would be the last time I saw my boys laughing and drinking, having the time of their life. Trying to keep a low profile I walked behind the bar with my hood pulled up, covering my eyes and said my goodbye to Terry. If I hadn't been tearing up myself I might have been able to notice my boss' eyes turn watery and the tear rolling down his clean-shaven cheeks. I was going to miss him, he was like the father I never got to see any more. Loving, caring and protective of me. Someone who loved me and would do anything to keep me safe. My cell-phone suddenly started ringing and my boys in the corner all turned their heads toward me at the sound of the familiar ringtone. Quickly picking up my suitcase I went outside and answered my phone just as I was heading away from the lot, to the nearest tube-station not aware that the guys had taken notice of my suitcase and had followed me outside. \"Bov, I'm not gonna change my mind...\" I started but was interrupted by a female. \"I'm sorry, is this Isabella Hatcher speaking?\" \"Yes, this is she.\" I placed my suitcase on the ground next to me, feeling my heart sink in my chest. The boys had now reached me but saw the expression on my face and thankfully they stayed quiet while I spoke. \"I am calling from St. Richard's Hospital, we have a patient here by the name of Irene Hatcher and you are listed as her next of kin.\" I felt my world start to crumble around me. What was my mum doing at the hospital... \"Y.. Yes.\" I managed to stutter. \"Irene Hatcher is my mother, what happened to her?\" If I saw the questioning glances on the boys' faces I didn't acknowledge them. \"She was in a car crash tonight.\" The woman answered, her voice soft yet professional. \"I'm afraid that her condition is critical.\" I felt the colour drain from my face. \"Well, is she going to make it?\" I was on the verge of falling apart now. \"You should probably hurry, she doesn't have much time left.\" Was the response I got and I felt the tears falling one by one until I was sure the rain had started falling again. *They fly so high, they reach the sky. And like my dreams they fade and die * Seeing her for the first time in 10 years was not like I had expected it to be. I had imagined me standing by her front door, her taking a long good look at me before realizing who I was and then she'd engulf me in one of her bear hugs. She'd have kissed my hair with the tears running down her rosy cheeks and told me how much she loved me. Standing by her hospital bed that dream seemed a million miles away. She was skinnier than I remembered her, her hair that I remembered as golden brown had faded into grey, her green eyes were closed and she was dressed in a hospital gown. She was on a morphine-drip, the doctors way of trying to ease her suffering, and there were tubes attached to her that did god knows what to keep her alive. She looked so fragile, like the feeling you get when you see a baby bird for the first time, like even the softest touch would break her. Tryingly she opened her eyes, and slowly looked around the room. The moment her gaze landed on me I knew she recognized me, there was the smallest hint of a smile on her lips as she opened her mouth to speak to me. Her voice was hoarse and older than I remembered it and yet the sound of it made me smile. \"Isabella.\" I sat down next to her, looking at her with tears in my eyes. \"You're even more beautiful than I had imagine.\" She reached out a weak hand to wipe away the tear that fell from my eye. \"I missed you, mum.\" I whispered, my voice breaking. \"I missed you too, sweetheart.\" She took my hand and held it, stroking her thumb across my skin just like I remembered her doing when I was a child. Hearing footsteps I looked towards the door and with the tears running down my cheeks I saw my dad. Standing in the doorway, out of breath and with tears shining in his grey eyes. Slowly he walked up to us, hesitantly he sat down next to me, as if unsure he should be there at all. \"You look good, Tommy.\" His wife smiled softly at him and the tears fell from his eyes as he grasped her hand and kissed it. \"You look beautiful, Rena.\" He smiled a gentle smile. \"You know you're the only one who ever called me that.\" She laughed almost inaudibly with a tired smile on her face. \"It made me feel special.\" \"You are special, Rena.\" I looked at my dad, we were both crying now and I can't I have ever seen him look so guilty. \"I'm so sorry about what I did to you.\" He turned to look at me. \"To the both of you. I have been a terrible husband and an even worse dad.\" I placed a hand on top of his and my mother's, squeezing it tightly. \"I never thought the day would come when I could see you again and apologize for everything I've put you through. I'm sorry, Rena. I'm so sorry.\" He buried his face in our hands, weeping in anguish at the thought of losing the love of his life forever. \"Shhh...\" My mother shushed, bringing him to face her. \"I forgive you, Tommy. You need to know that.\" \"I love you, Rena.\" He whispered and I had to look away, feeling myself beginning to crack. \"And I love you, the both of you, so much...\" \"Remember that...\" Those were the last words my mother ever spoke in this world. She fell asleep in that hospital bed and never woke up again. A few weeks later we buried her next to Tommy, with a simple grey headstone to mark it. It said: Here rests a family, all equally loved and cherished. \"Forgiveness is the final form of love\" - Reinhold Niebuhr. After my mother's death my father cut his ties with the NTO and we moved to a quiet place outside the city. I got a job at the local library and he worked in a garage until he retired. Every week we went to visit our family and when my dad died many years later I laid him next to his wife, the woman he had never stopped loving even after she had passed. As for the GSE I never went back to 'The Abbey'. Too many memories that I couldn't handle. Steve and Ben came to visit me often though, even after I'd gotten married and had children of my own. Terry, Dave and Bovver were faithful visitors as well, checking up on me every now and again to make sure that my husband treated me like the queen they thought I was. I never heard from Pete again. I couldn't deal with facing him and he never contacted me, but I never forgot him. Not even on my death bed at the age of 91 years old had I forgotten my first love. And I could only hope he never forgot about me. A/N: I hope this story has lived up, at least somewhat, to your expectations. Thank you all for sticking with me and for reading this! You are the best! ","Summary":" Here comes my first GSE-fic, really hope you like it! Not too sure about the response that this wil"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Can't stand me now","Author":"halabala33","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4370905","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a warm summer afternoon. The air was unmoving and still. Dark clouds were forming in the height up over the city skycrapers. The park in front of the old looking building was anything but silent before the storm. The sounds of children protesting when called to come back home, dogs barking and running around and bees anxiously flying to find their shelters awaiting heavy rain were mixed with the tones of piano sonata coming from the ground floor window. Suddenly the big raindrops started falling from the sky and the music stopped. People from the park disappeared so quickly it almost seemed like they used magic. „Alright Isabel, that be enough for today. Please practice the whole sonata at least twice today. See you next Thursday.\" Isabel stared at her uptight music teacher in disbelief. Last week when she begged the teacher to let her leave the lesson 5 minutes early she refused with the look of horror on her horsey English face. But now, when it was pouring outside she send her home 25 minutes prior the end of lesson. „You have some problem, Isabel?\" She quickly gathered her things and left out the door with silent „No problem Ms. Bennet. Not at all.\" Not wanting to stay there a second longer, Isabel took the umbrella out of her bag and with a huge sigh she stepped outside. When in the park she looked at her cell phone and checked the time. Next bus was coming in 35 minutes. „Awesome,\" she muttered bitterly and sat on the soaked porch. She wasn't in hurry to get back home. She knew that apart from being warm and dry she won't feel any different than she did sitting at the deserted bus stop in the middle of what looked like the storm of the century. She felt so empty and numb that she was freaking herself out. Sometimes she wondered if anyone or everyone feels so indifferent about other human beings just like she does and they all are just pretending to be interested in happy chats about clothes, cars and babies. If they too only interact when it's profiting for them, otherwise they don't really give a shit. She watched the water gathered on the edge of the umbrella fall down so slowly as if the time has stopped. Only after what seemed like hours to her she noticed that she is not alone at the bus stopped anymore. The bus she was supposed to take just left the stop and the three kids she knew from school apparently came from it. „Hey Izz!\" One of them yelled at her through the rain. She vaguely smiled and yelled back. „Hey Rob!\" He and the other two kids came closer so they didn't have to yell. „Wasn't you s'pposed to take that bus?\" Rob asked her with a grin. „Um, yeah. I was.\" She shrugged and when she saw he was laughing, she added protectivly: \"So what. Like you've never missed the bus when you spent half an hour waiting for it standing in the rain.\" She started laughing with him. It really was ridiculous situation. „So, where you're going?\" She asked the boy. „We're going to Ted's house, to play Settlers from Catan and eat some home-made chocolate chip cookies with milk.\" „Fancy to join us?\" Ted chimed in. She knew Rob was a fucking liar but when she imagined the cold house with her demanding mother she was supposed to come back to right after the piano lesson even his offer sounded tempting. She put on a big fake smile and nodded. „Sure. Why not.\" Five hours later she found herself back at the bus stop all alone again. At least it has stopped raining , she thought. She was so disappointed when she realized that Robbie was not kidding this time, when he told her about their plans for the evening. After 6 games of Settlers she excused herself that she had to go home, but kindly refused the offer of Ted's mom to drive her home. She knew she had to get there sometime tonight; she wasn't just quite ready yet. Thinking about what she's going to do next she didn't noticed there were some guys standing on the pavement across the street. Only after a brick fell through the parked car's windshield she got back to reality. She watched the brawl unconcerned from her bench. The guys who were fighting were obviously drunk and they were blabbing something about football. One group apparently won the fight, because she heard loud cheering and saw the other guys running away with no shame. It was kind of pathetic. Guys who won the fight were chatting excitingly about it when they crossed the street and got to the bus stop. Isabel listened to their pissing contest of who took down who unmoved. After a while she amazed realized that not only she was listening to the stranger's conversation, she was listening to the football hooligans' conversation, well, mostly one particular hooligan and she was laughing so hard, that when he looked at her with his light blue eyes and frowned, she immediately shut up and practiced her art of acting like she was not there. She mastered it after years and years of being unwillingly the witness of her parents fighting and them forcing her to choose a side. Being lost in her own little world again she thoughtlessly got on the bus that has just arrived. She failed to notice that the hot guy got on the bus too and sat on the seat right next to her and frowning intensely at her. Staring out of the window she saw the street she knew so well and took of the bus at the next stop. She walked down the pavement jingling with her keys and opened the door. For a short second the light from the hall enlightened the dark street. She quietly closed the door and went up to her room where she immediately lied down on her bed and fell asleep. It's been a long, long day.[Chapter 2] Next morning Isabel woke up early. It was one of those days when you woke up singing a song that local radio stations were trying to make a hit of and you got a warm and fuzzy feeling only because you got your favourite tshirt back clean. She hopped off of the bed, put her Irish drinking socks on and tuned the radio in. Bopping her head to the beat she did her morning rituals. She slid down the stair rail and entered the kitchen where her mother was eating french toast. \"Morning, Ma!\" \"Good morning Isabel. You slept well?\" \"Yes, very well, thank you.\" \"When did you come home?\" \"Um, at seven,\" Isabel lied not so subtly and poured orange juice from the box she found in the fridge. \"I didn't hear you practice playing piano. I thought Ms. Bennet said you should practice much more if you want to become a decent player.\" \"Yes, if I want to.\" \"What's that supposed to mean! You are so talented; you could make it so far if you tried!\" \"Mom, please! I'm average piano player, at best. I have dad's short fingers; I can barely reach an octave. You know that.\" Mom pursed her lips and Isabel knew that if she quickly doesn't say something, her mother would burst into yet another \"your father is good for nothing\" rant yet again. \"Guess what? I went to that job interview I told you yesterday and I got the job!\" She watched her mother's face irradiate into a happy smile. \"That's so great Isabel. Don't you mess it up! It will help you so much for your college application. And try to be helpful. When do you start?\" \"Tomorrow. The boss is real nice and the job doesn't seem that hard. They are making an audit for some big firm and we will just do some paper work or something. I'm not quit sure actually.\" \"I know you will do well. You always do.\" Isabel smiled at the praise and took an apple of the kitchen counter. She kissed her mother's cheek and left the kitchen singing 'I kissed a girl and I liked it', laughing light heartedly when she saw her mother's disapproving look. She was on the way back to her room when her phone rang. She looked at the screen and saw the picture of her school mate Hanna. She smiled a little and answered the call. \"Yeah?\" \"Hi, Baby Belle! Have you decided yet if you're coming with us tonight? Well, I'm telling you now, you are coming! It will be so awesome! We'll have so much fun! Come on! You simply have to go. You know who else is also coming? Jim Heatly. Yay! I'm so excited! What will you wear? I bought a new dress yesterday, I will look so hot. It has glitter and feathers and everything and it is pink. I love it!\" Suddenly Isabel regretted she ever answers her phone. She agreed that she will come just to shut the girl up and quickly ended the call. In a way she was happy she'll go out with Hanna tonight. There's nothing wrong with a sixteen year old who wants to live a little , she thought. The idea that there might be something wrong with being a straight A grade student with too many extracurricular activities and a job crossed her mind though, when she was trying so hard not to fall asleep at her new job the next day with her head on the desk. She gave up on listening to the job instructor a long time ago and was placing all her hopes on the boy sitting next to her, assuming he was listening and would be kind enough to tell her what to do when the time comes. He smiled at her with tired red eyes and whispered. \"Hi, I'm Milo.\" \"Isabel,\" she whispered back. He grinned. \"Isabel, I so hope you was listening carefully to everything the old skank is saying because I have no damn idea what I'm supposed to do.\" Isabel shook her head disapprovingly, which caused the boy laugh loudly and he gained a hiss from a girl sitting in front of them. Milo looked at Isabel with a smirk and winked at her. Finally, the instructor finished and assigned Isabel to go see the boss and be his personal assistant for the day. To Isabel's delight she assigned Milo to go with her. They left the conference room and went to the elevators. \"Do you know where the boss' office is?\" Isabel asked with a hope that left her when she saw he was shaking his head. \"Nah. It should be written here somewhere, though.\" He looked above at the information panel. \"Do you know what his name is?\" Isabel looked at him feeling a bit offended. Did he really think she was that stupid? \"Of course I do. It's\" she paused, and her eyes bugged out when she realized she completely blanked out on the name. \"Um, it's something like Burden or Beckham, isn't it?\" Milo snorted. \"Yeah, right. David Beckham. Why can't I see his office anywhere, though?\" \"Shut up,\" she snapped. \"What kind of person doesn't remember her boss' name?\" He teased her. \"Some retard just like you.\" \"At least I know it started with letter 'P'.\" \"No it didn't. It was more like 'B' or 'S'. Or 'M'\" \"Yeah, because those are generally fungible.\" She made a fake angry face and sighed. \"So what are we gonna do now?' He looked at her up and down and suggested: \"Fancy a quickie in a broomcloset? \"Piss off,\" she laughed. \"It's not like you'd be able to find one, anyway.\" She looked around when he grabbed her arm. \"Look, look! Ain't that the fella we're looking for? That blond one talking to that little fat frog?\" She looked where he was pointing and indeed, she saw her boss. She hurried across the hall and looked at the name tag on the door he was standing next to. \"See! Dunham! I've told you, it's sorta like Burden.\" she called triumphantly. Milo laughed and pointed at the boss. \"Yeah, try to call him that sometime, we'll see if he likes it.\" The fat small lady left and the blond man turned to the two. \"Hi. You must be my new assistants. I'm Steve Dunham, we've met the other day. And you must be Milo, and you are? Right, Isabel. Alright, let's go, we have a lot of stuff today. I'll show you how to work with this software and then I have to run to a meeting. You can sit here. We have three big audits to make so believe me you won't get bored here. Okay then, if you have any questions just ask me or Lauren, she sits next door. Gee, I've got to go now, I'll see you before lunch, I'll come by to check upon ya a bit, to see how you're enjoying your first day at work.\" He winked at Isabel and left. She raised her eyebrows and looked at Milo praying to God that he listened to instruction this time because she sure as hell didn't. Isabel finished her prelunch task and stretched her arms. She looked over where Milo was sitting with a question. \"Yes, I'm done, too.\" Milo didn't even tear his eyes of Minesweeper. Isabel sighed and got up to go and tell that to her boss. She knocked on the door of his office, surprised to see it was opened. She was about to enter when she heard voices. She froze and before she knew she found herself listening to stranger's conversation. Again. \"Come on, bro. It's not like I need the money for me to buy a beer!\" She heard oddly familiar voice yelling. She guessed that her boss answered him, but he spoke much more quit, she only heard some mutter. \"Why? Don't you understand that I just want to get done with this thing and get over it? NO, there is no other way. Because she said so! Believe me, it's her decision, not mine. No, she's having none of it. She won't listen to me! What else am I supposed to do? I cannot make her to do anything, you know that.\" There was silence for a couple of minutes. Then she heard some muttered voices again but she couldn't decipher what they were saying. Not that she was trying to, anyway. Suddenly she heard footsteps and she jumped, tearing her ear off the door. To her surprise she found herself looking in the eyes of the hooligan she saw yesterday. She knew it must be him, because he had his signature frown on his otherwise pretty face. \"I, I was looking for the boss.\" She said with a blush. He just sat down on the chair in the hall and said that Steve is having some important phone call and that she should wait for him here. Isabel nervously sat down next to him. They were quiet for a while but then he broke the silence. \"You have a nasty habit of listening to conversations that are none of your business, you know that?\" She looked the other way, embarrassed. \"I'm trying not to.\" She mumbled. \"Yeah well try harder next time,\" he snapped, his face getting angrier. \"I didn't hear anything!\" She added quickly. He frowned at her. \"Whatever. What are you doing here anyway?\" \"I work here.\" She said proudly. He snorted. \"Work here? What are you, twelve?\" She felt that it's no good to argue with boss' brother on her first day at job so she decided to agree with him. \"Yes, yes I'm twelve. I'm only counting numbers, so they let me do it. They don't pay much though, for me being a child prodigy, you know.\" She was relieved when she saw the frown on his face disappeared. Then his phone rang and after he finished his call he didn't pay attention to her anymore. Steve came out of his office after 15 minutes of painful silent waiting and after giving her only quick glance he told Isabel to ask Lauren what to do next. She knocked on her door and while she waited for Lauren to answer the door she watched Steve giving his brother a check, them hugging quickly and the brother left. She noticed that he walked like an ape, with his arms swinging around uncontrollably, which made her laugh. \"What now?\" asked her Milo, when she came back to office with a stupid grin on her face. \"Nothing.\" she grinned even sillier. \"Here, a gift from Lauren.\" She laughed when he made an annoyed face when he saw the amount of work Lauren sent him. Isabel spent the rest of her day wondering if Lauren is gossipy. She'd love to hear some good gossip and she sensed that office environment had to be rotten with rumours of who did what with whom. Not like she would say anything about anyone. She sneezed and gave Milo the finger, when he frowned at her for distracting him and making him to start over again. Aw, the office job. I think I might love it.[Chapter 3] \"Hugh, have you seen my sunglasses?\" Ma asked with a raised voice, standing at the bottom of staircase, looking up. \"We were supposed to leave five minutes ago, Margaret! Why do you always have to do this?\" Papa sighed. \"You can always buy a pair at the airport! Don't go upstairs looking for them, you'll waste 20 minutes looking for them! We have to Margaret? Margaret!\" Isabel watched her mom go upstairs to browse her bedroom once again. She'd bet that Ma had those damn sunglasses packed in one of the huge suitcases.They were leaving for 10 weeks to exploit the beauty of south east Asia, while their daughter will be discovering the beauty of adulthood, beginning with living on her own. Of course, Ma and Papa had no idea. It was agreed that Isabel will stay at Auntie Jane, while Auntie Jane believed that they agreed on that Isabel will leave with their parents. Isabel couldn't believe that she got to an empty house for the whole summer like a blind chicken to its seed. She didn't even try to convince them to let her stay because she knew they would never allow that, but there you go. Sometimes you don't even have to try to mess with the system, in particular when it is so fragile it can collapse over something really stupid, like sunglasses left on the top of ones head. Isabel stepped in immediately and told her mom not to panic and reach over her forehead. After that Ma and Pa finally said their goodbyes and left Isabel waving at them, and in a way greeting the happier tomorrow. She didn't want to be like those horrible people in cheesy movies, who talk to themselves when alone using cheesy one liners. But she couldn't help it. She walked into the empty living room where she wearily sank on the couch and look around, where it was all nice quiet and abandoned and smiled hugely. \"Yay, go me!\" she chirped and put the CD of Mindless Self Indulgence on. The first tones of Shut me up made her to get up and after a while she found herself jumping on a couch with the ice cream pack in her left hand, the stereo remote in her right hand and a spoon full of ice cream in her mouth. The dark crept slowly into the evening, but Izzie hadn't noticed only until she turned the stereo off and the house, other while warm, quiet and cosy suddenly appeared nothing like it. She heard odd noises from every part of the house that she never noticed before. The wooden staircase, a fridge in the kitchen, screechy window upstairs, it has all turned into cacophony of creepy noises that were making her nervous. She grabbed the glass vase from the coffee table and as quiet as she could she slowly walked toward her room, looking all around her; ready to hit anyone or anything that would come close. She was almost in her room. She turned the door knob and entered. There was someone inside, standing in the dark, staring at her with a knife in a hand. \"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!\" she yelled, giving every banshee in a neighbourhood a run for her money. She threw the vase at the creature and turned the light on, only to reveal thousands little pieces of broken glass and mirror smashed all over the carpet and her bed. She let out a huge sigh of relief and sat on a chair, looking at the devastation. She noticed that glass was literally everywhere, it would take her days to clean that up. She sat there in silence when a little laugh escaped her throat. The sound of it echoed in the empty house, and she grasped the whole irony of her finding out she can't stay alone in the empty house without going crazy only after her biggest wish of her parents leaving her alone was fulfilled. She started laughing so hysterically she thought she'd die of laughing. When she calmed down she packed some stuff she thought would come handy and left the house too. \"Good morning!\" Isabel tried to sound as sunny and chirpy as possible, hoping that way Milo won't notice that she didn't come from the elevator, but the restroom, where she tried to freshen up after a night spent on the couch in the offices sofa room. She was being extra slick though, coming five minutes late for work. Milo looked at her with sleepy eyes and sullen face. \"You have toothpaste on your face,\" he greeted her and yawned. Isabel glanced at the large mirror in the hall and to her annoyance she saw the he was right. She was looking through her handbag desperately to find a handkerchief when Steve came in with her backpack in his hand. She looked up and slapped her forehead. She knew she forgot something. \"Isabel, can I have a word with you?\" Steve asked and by his tone she knew he wasn't really asking, he was telling her. Her eyes met Milo's and they both knew she is in trouble. It upset her a little when she saw that Milo is unconcerned at her and other than looking like he spent a night on a coke binge he looked quite happy. \"That little asshole.\" she mumbled and followed Steve to his office. At the doorway she turned around and saw that Milo is munching on her Snickers bar she left there yesterday. He waved at her and grinned, chewing on the crispy biscuit, milk chocolate and chewy caramel. \"I. Hate. You.\" she mouthed and hurriedly followed Steve. She felt so sad. It looked like it was her last day at this place and there wasn't one person who would miss her. She grasped that she wouldn't care if she was forgotten instantly, if only one certain person would stay in touch with her. She sighed. Steve was already at the door of his office, but then Lauren came up with some papers and concerned look. Steve frowned. \"Isabel, please wait in my office. I'll be right back.\" She went inside and hoped that he'd be gone long enough for her to come up with some plausible explanation why her backpack was in a room she had no business in. She paced from one side of the office to another, trying to think quickly, but her mind kept running back to Milo, wondering what is he doing right now and if he's talking to that little skank from law department. She shook her head. \"Damn girl, focus!\" she tried to stimulate herself. Right then the door opened and she jumped. \"Talking to yourself, are you. You nutcase.\" It wasn't Steve the Boss, but his hooligan brother again. \"Hi.\" she put on a little smile which faded away really quickly. At this time yesterday everything was peachy and life was good. She knew that Steve would come in anytime now and her heart started to pound faster. What a difference a day makes, she thought sadly. She learned the hard way that house is not a home. She was scared of loosing her job after first week. She was scared of being all alone. She missed her Ma, but she couldn't call her because she'd be in more trouble then she is now. And on top of that she was in love with her annoying colleague who didn't care about her. Her feelings must've reflected on her sixteen year old face, because she heard the guy asking her if she's alright. To her surprise he did actually sound concerned. \"Yeah,\" she said, her voice sounding a little raspy. She coughed and added. \"I'm fine.\" She looked at him curiously. He looked like he was in trouble himself. \"What about you?\" she asked. \"Me? I'm bloody wonderful.\" He sighed. They sat in silence for about a minute. Isabel felt the urge to just let it all out and somehow it seemed easier to share with a stranger than with some friend of hers. She took a deep breath. \"I knew my Aunt is leaving with her new Swedish boyfriend to his homeland for summer and I swore to her that I won't tell my Ma. Now I'm too scared to stay in the house alone, I'm about to get fired by your brother, I have nowhere to go, I love Milo and I secretly hate my best friend.\" She turned her big eyes at her boss' brother, waiting for his reaction. He seemed to hesitate for a second, but then he shrugged. \"Fuck it. My now girlfriend is pregnant and she wants to get rid off the baby because she doesn't want me to be the father of her child, she wants me to pay for the abortion, but fuck me if I have the money. After she told me I spent the whole week drinking my arse off and now I have a shiny nil on my bank account. And England didn't qualify for the Euro Cup. \" They stared at each other, feeling a bit embarrassed. Isabel heard footsteps. It must be Steve coming back. \"I have money.\" She said quickly. He looked at her with a sparkle. \"I have a free couch.\" \"I can tell apart a from a nice girl.\" He laughed. \"Fuck, I can help you get that Milo, whoever he is.\" The door opened and Steve came in. \"Pete? What are you doing here? I thought that\" Pete smirked at his brother. \"I came here to talk to\" \"Isabel,\" she chimed in quickly. \"Isabel.\" he repeated with a wink. \"By the way, she is happy that you have found her back pack, she was looking for it for days. Ah, glad that we've sorted that out. Isabel go back to work now. Right? Right. Well, off you go.\" He kinda pushed her out of the door, and he through her back pack at her. \"I'll see you after work,\" he said quietly and closed the door, leaving her in the hall alone and confused, but hopeful. She knew it was crazy that she was even contemplating moving to his flat, but she couldn't help it. They'd made a pact. You can't just go and break a pact, she grinned. She walked back to her cubicle and slapped the back of Milo's head for stealing the chocolate bar and took the blueberry muffin out of his hand. She sat back on her chair and ate the muffin while she watched people walking down under on the parking lot, thinking. Before she ate the last bite she came to conclusion that nothing wrong came out of her living with Pete. Hey, she never said she was smart.[Chapter 4] \"Lemon and grapefruit? You gotta be kidding me.\" Isabel has been looking in the fridge for a long time now and the only thing suitable for eating were two yoghurts, unfortunately in flavours that were too off-putting. She put a hand on her stomach as she heard it rumble. \"To hell with it,\" she said and grabbed the grapefruit yoghurt and a spoon and sat down on a couch, after she threw a bunch of hers and Pete's clothes of it. She's been living in Pete's apartment for five days now and although for a short second she was shocked what a crappy place it was, she got over it really quickly and now she was enjoying the freedom of putting glass on a coffee table without using a coaster. She became a big slob now and she feared the painful transition back to being mommy's tidy little girl. Of course, she wasn't worried only about the neatness factor. She dreaded the moment when her parents discover that she's not at Auntie's and that she lied to them smoothly in every phone call. Her living with a 26 year old man was only a bonus. Come September 3rd she is grounded forever, which made every occasional beer taste heavenly, everything was twice as hilarious, amusing and interesting. For the first time in sixteen years she saw colours so bright that sometimes she felt like wearing shades. Of course, Pete himself wasn't so amused with living with Izzie. After she paid him off and they had a first fight about order of things, he made it clear that offering her to live with him was one of the biggest mistakes of his life. He wasn't the kind of guy that would break a promise, but his statement sure did make the first days awkward. Isabel tried to make things better with cooking and joking around, but she couldn't help calling the place 'crapartment'. She apologized constantly, saying that she watches too much television and can't stop making used up jokes, but Pete didn't seem to appreciate that. It was the same evening when she accidentally broke the bookcase and Pete punched the wall. There was a long uncomfortable silence and finally Pete mumbled that he's tired and is going to sleep. After he closed the door of his bedroom she stood still with open mouth staring at the hole in the wall. In that moment she considered leaving home and spilling the beans to her parents. She's never seen anyone to vent anger in that way and it really scared her. However the next morning didn't feel that courageous anymore, so she decided to give the guy a chance. But she swore to herself that the first time he hits her, she's out of here. So now while Pete was at work she was enjoying the empty apartment, eating breakfast and watching Gossip Girl re-runs. She heard the key in the lock and she frowned, looking at the clock. It can't be Pete yet, so who the hell is it? She jumped on her two feet and grabbed a pair of scissors to protect herself from the intruder. The door opened and a tall pretty brunette stepped inside. She threw her keys into the key frog, only then noticing Isabel staring at her with bugged out eyes. Isabel guessed she must be surprised, however she hid it well. \"Hi!\" the stranger greeted her with a huge smile, exposing her shiny white teeth. Isabel didn't say anything. After few seconds she realised that she is staring at the newcomer and she quickly looked the other way. The brunette let out a little laugh, that wasn't as sweet as her tone tried to be and asked: \"Is Pete here?\" Isabel shook her head. \"No, he's at work.\" \"He was supposed to have a day off today.\" The girl said accusingly. \"Well, he doesn't.\" She didn't like this girl. She made her feel uneasy. She was beautiful and confident and full of herself. She was everything Isabel wasn't. \"So what are you doing here if Pete's at work? Who are you anyway?\" Isabel took a deep breath and started to answer her questions but she stopped her. \"You know what, don't tell me. If my boyfriend's fucking a thirteen year old in my bed, I really don't want to know.\" She frowned and whipped out her cell phone. Isabel could only guess that she is calling Pete. Although she couldn't hear the other side of the conversation, she easily guessed what is he saying. \"Hi sweetie, it's me.\" \"(Sigh. 'I'm sorry, who is this?')\" \"What do you mean, 'who'?\" \"(Grandma, is that you?)\" \"You're a funny guy, Pete. It's me, Catherine.\" \"(Laugh. Through the tears.)\" \"You don't recognize the voice of your own girlfriend?\" \"(I'd rather not.)\" \"You're pathetic. Where are you, anyway?\" \"(At school. Where the fuck should I be?)\" \"We were supposed to meet today at your place, honey.\" \"(You don't say.)\" \"Well, I'm saying. I have an appointment for today, you know that, sweetheart.\" \"(Silence.)\" \"Pete we're in this thing together! You said you'd come with me. You said that you'd hold my hand.\" Her voice cracked. \"(I've fucking changed my mind.)\" \"So, you're not coming?\" \"(No.)\" \"Pete…\" \"(Yeah?)\" \"If you don't go with me now, we're done, are you aware of that?\" \"(Yes, I'm aware off that. I have to go now. We'll talk about it some other time, alright?)\" \"Pete, don't you hang up on me. Pete! You hang up. You asshole.\" Catherine put the phone back in her purse. \"What are you staring at?\" she snapped at Isabel. \"Nothing.\" Isabel sheepishly eat a spoon of yoghurt, just so she had to do something with her hands. \"Is that my yoghurt?\" Catherine observed, and by her tones would someone think that Isabel stole her grandma's diamond tiara. \"Give that back to me!\" She tried to take it from Isabel, but Isabel's clumsiness kicked in again and she spilled the yoghurt all over the floor. \"Bitch.\" Isabel groaned in disbelief. \"What was that?\" Catherine raised her voice. \"It was only a yoghurt, you could've let me keep it.\" \"Well it was my yoghurt and I can do whatever I want with it.\" Isabel grabbed a towel and kneed to clean up the mess on the floor. \"And it doesn't apply only to a yoghurt, does it,\" she muttered. Isabel noticed the girl was staring at her. \"You seem have an annoying habit of poking your little nose into my business, precious. Hasn't your mommy toughed you any manners? Well, I guess it's my bad, when I expect a girl to mind her own business and not to do things like listening to other people's conversation or fucking someone else's boyfriend, right? Mommy raised a whore and now I have to deal with consequences. Just remember, precious. I'll get you. When you least expect it.\" With that she grabbed her keys and left. Isabel went to bathroom to freshen up after tiresome last hour and when she saw herself in a mirror she had to laugh. Her hair was all messed up because she hadn't brushed it in two days. She had no make up on, making her look like she was eleven year old with eyes so small one would wonder if she could see at all and skin so pasty she looked like a flour moth. Why would anyone ever think that Pete Dunham would shag that was beyond her. \"That crazy pregnant slut.\" She decided that it'd be best if she groomed herself and went out to eat, maybe even stock the fridge. Her phone beeped. She got a text message from Milo. He was wondering if they could meet and grab a bite. She smiled at his perfect timing. Too bad they weren't meant to be together. Her crush on Milo lasted only 4 days and it disappeared just as quickly as it started. She came to a decision that a boyfriend would only mess up the already complicated situation. \"Ok. Meet u Joes in 20 min. C u l8er.\" She pushed SEND, grabbed her own pair of keys and left the apartment, where the air still smelled like awkwardness mixed with little frustration blended with displeasure. Much to her discontent the atmosphere in the apartment hadn't changed whenn she came back in the late afternoon. \"Hello stranger! How was your day?\" She put the bags with groceries on the kitchen counter. He mumbled something in return, but Isabel didn't catch what. \"You're alright?\" She asked and sat down on the couch with pack of Pringles in her hand. Pete was sitting in front of her in the comfy chair with his pretty head in his hands and he looked like he needed to cheer up. He didn't say anything. \"I went grocery shopping. I don't know what you had for breakfast but I almost starved.\" She felt like he wasn't paying any attention to her rambling so she got up to the fridge and started putting things she bought where they belonged. \"I've met your girlfriend today. What do you want for dinner?\" She turned around to see his reaction. He raised his head and his face lost that blank expression. \"How about you shutting up with some chips on aside?\" \"Well, that was uncalled for.\" She put down a box of cereal on the counter. \"I was just making the small talk.\" \"Mind your own business, princess.\" He grinned at her and took the box from her hand. \"Or you'll be back in that scary arse house of yours sooner than you can say 'quidditch'.\" She gave out a small laugh and then started choking on dry cereals immediately. \"Careful there, Iz. Don't you die on me.\" He said dryly and poured some milk into his bowl and patted her on the back. He grabbed the bowl and sat down on a couch, put his feet on the coffee table and turned the TV on. They didn't finished the movie they watched last night and Isabel had to smile as she watched Pete Dunham flicking through the scenes of Philosopher's Stone to find the one they saw last. She sat down next to him, careful not to spill any of the milk. \"You teach a bunch of ten year olds, right Pete?\" \"Yup.\" He nodded. \"Then how is it possible that you've never seen any of the Harry Potter movies? How can those kids respect you? You are SO uncool.\" She chuckled. He threw the pillow at her and smirked. \"Shut up. I'm listening to professor Bumblemore, you annoying twat.\" When she saw his serious face she masked her laugh by burying her face into the pillow. \"Aw. You have the other films, too?\" He asked when the movie ended. She lifted her head so she could see his face and find out if he was serious. \"Really?\" \"Why not? I'm a single man, and while I'm past the phase of drowning my sorrow in tons of beer, I still don't feel like dancing. Besides, if you think it'll make me cool, I'll do it. I'll watch all three Harry Potter movies. Just for you.\" He mockingly gestured to his heart and then pointed at her. \"You know that there will be seven movies, right?\" She yelled at the direction of bathroom where he was taking a shower. She sat on the floor in front of the TV, looking through the bunch of DVD's she had brought from home to see if she could find The Chamber of Secrets. \"Seven? Fuck. And you saw them all?\" She looked up from the pile and looked at him, standing in the bathroom door wearing only boxers. She noticed he had a West Ham crest tattooed on his chest. \"The last two are not filmed yet.\" She got up and grabbed her pajamas and towel and headed to the bathroom. \"And put some clothes on you tart. Jesus, you really do love yourself, don't you.\" She pushed him gently out of the door and closed it behind him. She took a quick shower and in 10 minutes she was hard asleep, lying across the notsocomfy couch. Isabel opened her eyes wide, but still she couldn't see much in the darkened apartment. She didn't know what woke her up and she couldn't find the switch on the lamp. Her heart was racing so fast and loud she thought it would woken up the whole neighborhood. After what felt like hours she finally found that damn switch and turned the light on. She turned around and she kind of wished she didn't. There was a man in the apartment and it wasn't Pete. She screamed at the top of her lungs. Then she screamed again. And again. She took a deep breath and attempted to scream some more but to her horror someone put a hand on her mouth. Uh oh.[Chapter 5] \"Calm down, would ya? Fuck, you're yelling like you're paid for it. My ears almost fell off. Did you just bloody bite me? Jesus, are you crazy?.\" Pete put his hand off of her mouth and looked at it closely as few small drops of blood appeared on his palm. He licked them away thoughtlessly and greeted the man whose arrival had scared Isabel so much. \" 'Ello Bovva.\" He laughed as he reached into fridge for a bottle of water. \"I reckon you need a place to crash.\" He continued in more serious tone after drinking few gulps of cold water. Right then Isabel became much more interested in their little conversation. The guy mumbled something in return which Pete took as a yes. Isabel didn't like judging people without really knowing them, but she could tell that this one is a morose fun sucker, with his frowning brows and his mouth pointing down like a sad smiley face. \"Too bad the couch is already taken.\" She chimed in and thought that it's too bad Pete can't read minds as she tried to tell him with her eyes to make the stranger just go away. But he just looked at her with that trademark stupid grin of his as he bundled her away from the couch. \"It's alright Bov. Of course you can stay here. No problem. Here, you can sleep on the couch.\" Isabel couldn't believe him. Giving away her bed without even asking her was beyond rude. She took her pillow and blanket and stomped out of living room and claimed Pete's bed as her own. Bovver looked confused, as if only now he realized she was there. \"Yeah, thanks mate. I had the most awful night. Bitch threw me out like a dirt bag. Like I'm not the one paying half of the rent.\" \"Well, you're not.\" \"When I get a pay check I'll pay her back right away, she knows that, I know that. But she has to yap on and on about washing dishes and some other fuckery and I come back from work tired as hell and she just won't shut up.\" \"Weren't you in the Abbey with the boys?\" \"What's your point, son?\" Bov asked protectively as Pete shook his head and sat down on the leather chair. \"On whose side are you?\" \"There are no sides Bov.\" said Pete and Bovver drunkenly continued. \"I might have drunk a pint or ten and then I went home. I open the door quiet as a mouse, I even held my breath. Mate, I was so quiet even I didn't hear me coming but them bam she starts yelling at me with that annoying voice. Have you ever noticed that? Her voice? Mate, it's unbearable.\" Pete couldn't argue that. Bovver's girlfriend had kind of annoying voice. \"And then she fucking threw me out. Just like that. No 'glad you came home safe', no nothing.\" \"Just like that?\" Pete watched his friend looking all over his pockets for cigarettes when he noticed blood on his jacket. \"Bov? Is that all that happened? She yelled at you and you left?\" Bovver took one cigarette out of the package and with it in his mouth he looked for a lighter. \"Bov?\" He looked up. \"Do you have a lighter?\" \"Don't smoke here you mug.\" He took the cigarette out of Bovver's mouth and threw it on the coffee table. \"Stop fucking around and and tell me what the fuck had happened there. Tell me you didn't hit her.\" \"I hit her, alright. But bitch had it coming.\" \"Bov! Not again! But she is okay, right? You made sure that she is alright before you left, didn't you?\" \"Of course. Now let me get some sleep. I have to go to fucking work in themorning.\" \"That makes two of us. Alright, good night Bov.\" Pete turned the lights off and went to his bedroom, trying not to think about what state he would find Polly in when he got there tomorrow morning. He kept telling himself that she was alright, just like Bovver said, but he couldn't get the images of her lying in the puddle of blood like the last time out of his head. \"She's alright.\" He convinced himself as he lay down on his bed. \"She's alright.\" Isabel desperately kicked the blanket off herself and for the twelfth time in an hour she tried to puff up the pillow. She was lying as close to the edge of the bed as possible, as uncomfortable as it gets. She threw a fed up look where Pete was lying hard asleep, drooling on the pillow and apparently not feeling the same sense of impropriety and awkwardness as Isabel did. She glanced over to his nightstand and saw the big luminescent alarm clock telling her it was 4:10 AM. That's not that early, she thought, but didn't make a move to get up. Yes, she wasn't at ease lying in a bed with a 26 year old man she knew only for few weeks, however the thought of waking up the rude weirdo who crashed on her couch and God forbid talking to him or having breakfast forced her to get off the bed and crouch into the armchair next to Pete's bed, where she sat in the foetal position, staring out the window, waiting for the dawn to save her. She must have fallen asleep, because when she opened her eyes again after what she thought was just a blink of an eye she noticed that two things have changed sun was shining outside and Catherine was present. \"Hey,\" Isabel said to her, trying to get the signs of sleep and surprise out of her voice. \"How long have you been here?\" She asked and after failed attempt to stand up she stretched her stiffened legs. \"I just got here.\" Catherine flashed Isabel one of her broad insincere toothy smiles as she smacked Pete his back to wake him up.\"Wake up you piece of shit.\" But he just uttered some indecipherable sound and turned on the other side. Catherine seemed to lose her cool, because she grabbed a golf club from a golf bag lying in the corner. Isabel watched her with the mixed feeling of horror and amusement. \"Huh, iron, number 6. Sounds about right.\" Catherine rose the club and with a professional swing she smacked Pete, who lied there angelically unaware of what's going on around him. He let a scream out and looked around confused. \"Aw, look Izzie, he don't know what hit him.\" Catherine threw the club on the floor and smacked Pete lightly on the head with her palm to gain his attention. \"Good morning, Petey. I see you've had a slumber party last night.\" She nodded in the living room direction, where Bovver was still sleeping sweetly. \"Just tell me one thing. Did you make your manicure and combed each other's hair before or after sweet little Bovver beat the shit out of Polly?\" \"He didn't mean to\" started Pete weakly, but Catherine cut him off. \"Pete, she's in the ICU now, so don't you fucking tell me he didn't mean to. He can tell that to the police, though. Let's see what they'll say. I'm guessing something between 2 and 4 years in the pokey.\" \"Fuck.\" Pete sat up on the bed, rubbing his aching forearm that's been bruising up quickly. \"Who called the police?\" \"Nobody had to, Pete. The girl's face is so messed up you couldn't tell if it's her. The doctors are pretty smart folks; they figured she didn't do it to herself.\" \"You called them didn't you?\" He got up and took few steps to get closer to her. \"Catherine? Did you or did you not call the police to arrest my best friend even though you knew how the things are between them?\" He was only two inches from her face now. She tried to look anywhere but into his eyes. \"Maybe I did.\" She kind of admitted. \"Why I am not surprised.\" He snorted and pushed her back to get to the bedroom door. \"Question is why you are not surprised that your so-called best friend beats up girls on regular basis. Right, Izzie?\" She shot back. Pete stopped in the door frame and turned around to look at his ex-girlfriend. \"Don't fucking go that; don't drag her into this. She's a fucking child and this is none of her fucking business, alright, Cat? Yell at me all you want, beat me, shoot me, kill me; just keep it fucking private.\" With that he left the room and went to the bathroom. When he got back, Isabel was dressed already and pushed through him to get to the bathroom right away he opened the door. \"You left the damn seat up again!\" She yelled at him and slammed the door to let the adults talk in the much wanted private. She found her iPod lying on the counter, so she plugged the headphones and turned it on. She kept it on even when she walked into the kitchen area, so she didn't hear them talking, only the music. Still she could tell they're yelling at each other, with the wild gesticulation and angry faces. She grabbed a cereal box and a bowl and poured some milk in it, than she sat at the dining table and watched them arguing while some The Libertines song was blasting into her ears. \"An ending fitting for the start, you twist and tore our love apart, your light fingers threw the dart, shattered the lamp into darkness it cast us.\" Isabel watched them arguing in mute, bopping her head a little bit to the rhythm of the song. Pete was explaining something to Catherine, waving his hands in front of her face, while she was giving him the look that meant she's not buying it. \"No, you've got it the wrong way round, you shut me up, and blamed it on the brown, cornered the boy, kicked out at the world, the world kicked back a lot fucking harder now.\" Bovver seemed like he can't take Catherine's reluctance anymore and threw the coffee mug on the floor in frustration. \"If you wanna try, if you wanna try, there's no worse you could do, I know you lie, I know you lie, but I'm still in love with you.\" Bovver must have said something offensive because Catherine already pissed off an hour ago shoved him and he bumped into kitchen counter. A brawl broke between Bovver and Pete, who was simultaneously trying to avoid getting hit by Bovver and keeping Catherine and primarily the empty beer bottle in her right hand far away from Bovver's head, which wasn't that easy. Isabel decided she's seen enough and focused mainly on her cereal bowl. \"Have we enough to keep it together, or do we just keep on pretending, and hope our luck is never ending. \" She jumped when few seconds later Pete took the head phones out of her ears and told her to get her things she needed for today. \"I'll give you a ride to work. Hurry up.\" \"Alright, I'll just grab my bag.\" Isabel answered and wondered where everybody had gone. \"No way.\" Milo said like a fifteenth time, while Isabel was telling him about this morning's events. \"So he said he'll give me a ride to work, right, but in reality he needed an excuse why to come here and talk to his brother. I've heard he can't just come to his brother's house and talk to him freely, because bosses wfe s a total bitch and hates Pete.\" \"Gee. Are you sure you wouldn't be better off at your house?\" He asked when she finished the story. She shrugged. \"You wanna hear a secret? I don't want to come back there. Like,ever.\" \"What? Not even when your parents come back?\" He raised his eyebrows. She looked at him sympathetically. He was such a child sometimes. \"Especially not when my parents come back.\" Milo would raise his eyebrows even more, if it were humanly possible. \"And what do, like, want to do? You're not planning to stay with this guy forever, are you?\" \"Of course not. In a fact, I have to get out of there as soon as possible. It's getting kinda stuffy in there. I just haven't figured out where to go yet. But trust me, I'm working on it.\" He shook his head and got back to work and gestured her tohe same. She shot him a smile and started to work, too. She only got 10 days of the internship left, so it really was a time to think of her next move. She didn't know what she'll do; she just knew she won't go home anytime soon. She had had enough.[Chapter 6] They have been working in silence for a few hours and Isabel's to-do pile has shrunk considerably. From time to time she glanced at Milo's pile and quickly estimated if he is working faster than her or not. She concluded that his pile is more sizable than hers and she allowed herself a short break. Movement of shadows in the hallway caught her attention, as normally nothing interesting was happening in this section of the floor. Very few people walked by during the day, with the exception of their supervisor who checked on them every 30 minutes or so. She gazed at the milky glass door wishing that Lauren does not visit them again with additional pile of invoices to be checked. „Sweet Mary Mother of Jesus, is it lunch yet!?\" Milo yelled out exasperatedly, crunching up both his pretty face and the printed out invoice in his hands. Isabel stared at him in utter shock. Lauren likes her papers nice and pristine; they weren't even allowed to eat their sandwiches at their desks on the off chance of mayo dripping on one of them. And now he is crunching them? He really must be frustrated. She craned her neck to check the top invoice of the big pile and sure enough, Lauren gave him the B-type invoices that had the disgustingly old formatting. \"B-types, huh. I really hate those too,\" Isabel said, in an attempt to brighten his day at least slightly. \"I asked Lauren about them once, like how come they use such a different formatting than the other 3 types and she said that back in her day when she was just an intern, they used to check not 4 invoice types, but 13 invoice types, all with different formatting. In winter, with no shoes on, uphill both ways.\" She chuckled, but Milo was too busy trying to iron the wrinkled paper using his fist to acknowledge her. The shadows in the hallway behind the milky glass multiplied and Milo noticed them now too. \"If that's Lauren distract her!\" he exclaimed and buried the evidence at the beneath all the other papers, messing up the neat pile in the process. \"Oh crap. This is not good at all, is it.\" He looked up, ready to accept Isabel's help but to his surprise it wasn't offered. Instead of being eager to help him and to please him, she was uselessly standing by the door. \"What are you doing? Come here and help me!\" \"That's not just Lauren coming, I can hear Steve too.\" Isabel said, not moving. \"Oh my God, that is even worse! And you just keep standing there?! Who are you? It's like I don't even know you anymore. The old Isabel would have…\" The new Isabel did not get to hear what would the old Isabel do, as in the next moment the pile of papers Milo has been fiddling with slid down across the table and onto the floor while simultaneously the door opened and very seriously looking Steve Dunham entered the room. \"Isabel, could you please come with me?\" he asked and Isabel thought that she heard a slight concern in his voice. What if I messed up the spreadsheets, the thought of horror came to her mind. \"Milo, sort yourself our, would you mate? Otherwise that letter of recommendation will not be too recommending, if you catch my drift. We don't have time to mess around here in this firm.\" Steve scolded him coldly and turned to Isabel. \"Come on then.\" He walked briskly towards the elevators and Isabel did her best to keep his pace. \"Is everything okay?\" She asked as they waited. Steve took a moment to reply, as if he was pondering the right words. \"Isabel, I don't want to alarm you, but,\" he finally said just as the elevator door opened with a loud \"DING!\". Once inside the elevator he pressed number 2 and the door closed. Isabel felt the elevator descending to lower floors just like her heart seemed to descend to her stomach and she considered the possibility that she might puke. Is he for real not going to finish that sentence?Did he forget? Should I remind him? She opened her mouth to say something; than closed it right back as she wasn't sure what exactly should that something be. There was no need though, as apparently Steve found the right words he had been looking for the last five minutes. \"Isabel, there is police looking for you.\" Steve said. \"DING!\" The elevator said. The door opened and indeed, two uniformed men were standing there, waiting for them. Steve tried to walk towards them, but Isabel's hand stopped him. \"Wait!\" she hesitated. \"Is this about Pete? Is this about your brother?\" She stared at her boss, her eyes pleading for more information as the elevator door closed back again. \"Because I don't know anything about that.\" Steve looked at her, puzzled. \"You must know something , otherwise you wouldn't know there is something to know.\" \"That makes no sense.\" Isabel shook her head, confused. \"What did Pete do now? What is it that you know nothing about?\" He moved closer to her as he spoke and she stepped back. It took her only two steps before she found herself in the corner of the elevator and his face was only few inches from hers now. \"I don't know,\" she replied in a small voice and he realized that she was afraid of him. He stood up straight and in the mirror reflection above her head he saw that his tie got all crooked. \"I'll tell you what. You'll go home and you will think really hard about what you heard or saw Pete do that made you think that this police matter was about him.\" He fumbled with the tie knot a bit. \"And then tomorrow you will come back and tell me everything and I will give you that letter of recommendation.\" He caressed the tie, clearly content with how it looked now. He smiled. \"Otherwise you don't need to come back at all.\" He pressed a button and the elevator door opened. He walked towards the policemen who were looking confused now. \"Officers,\" he nodded, \"this is the girl.\" Isabel reluctantly joined them, every step filled with dread. She knew she did not do anything illegal, but still she could not help to feel guilty in the presence of the men of law. \"Isabel,\" said one of the police men. \"My name is Sergeant Duncan. We had a bit of trouble with reaching you at your home address.\" \"I have been living with my aunt Jane, my parents are out of town.\" The policeman frowned and scribbled something into his small notepad. Isabel tried the hardest to avoid direct eye contact with Steve who was standing right over there, eavesdropping like nobody's business. \"Yes Miss, you see, that's why we are contacting you. Sadly I have to inform you that there has been a car accident. Your parents have passed away 5 days ago in Bangkok.\" Isabel has heard of people having inappropriate reactions upon hearing shocking news, but she never would have guessed that the first thought to enter her mind after finding out she was an orphan now would be about her boss. Steve must feel like such a dickhead now. Her second reaction was also textbook, she realized as she felt her knees getting weak. \"I think I'm going to faint,\" she announced. And then she did and that was the last thing she remembered.[Chapter 7] \"I think you should say something,\" whispered Catherine and nudged Pete a bit forward to the black leather couch where Isabel has been residing for the past week, opting to skip work and piano lessons and showering. The girl was completely ignoring them, watching Countdown on the telly and although from time to time she suggested a correct answer, Catherine assumed the girl was not talking to them but to Jimmy Carr. Honestly, she was afraid that Isabel was slightly unhinged. \"Stop pushing me, woman. I was just about to do it,\" Pete anger-whispered out of the corner of his mounth. Catherine threw up her hands in the air in a mock apology, grimacing, when instead of stepping forward Pete stepped back and sat down behind the dining table in the corner of the kitchen-living-dining room area that took up three quarters of the whole apartment. \"Oh my God!\" Catherine mouthed. \"What?\" mouthed Pete back, knowing fully well what . He was just buying himself some time because he did not know how . \"Come here,\" he gestured at his girlfriend silently. \"Closer,\" he said through his teeth, barely moving his lips. Catherine sat down on the chair next to his so close that their ears were almost touching. \"'Is this close enough?\" she said in the same manner, unable to not roll her eyes. This was getting ridiculous. The girl was not listening to them even when they spoke directly to her, so these secretive whispers were really unnecessary. Maybe he just wants me near him , she thought and raised her eyebrows at him, suggestively. He did not seem very much amused. \"Right,\" he said coldly. \"I reckon you should talk to her. I think you could make her get off that fucking couch. You know,\" he smirked at her and she could feel the nasty undertone in his speech. \"As a girl to girl?\" she sneered and recoiled a bit. She could swear that sometimes when Pete gets angry, his eyes turn almost black. It's not a good look and he was sporting it now. His eyes narrowed. \"Nah, as a sociopath to sociopath.\" \"Ok, I deserved that.\" She relented. \"But you let her live here, she is your burden now.\" All this whispering was hurting her throat as it was harder and harder not to whisper-yell. \"And whose fault was it that I needed to get the money?\" He frowned. Defeated, she stood up. As she was passing about to pass him by she stopped. The countdown clock in the background was getting on her nerves. She leaned over and kissed the top of his head. \"I'm sorry,\" she muttered. \"I'll make it up to you, I swear.\" She squeezed his arm for emphasis but just by looking at him she knew instantly that he did not appreciate it and he shook her hand off. Catherine shrugged, and carefully approached the leather couch where Isabel was sitting. Unsure what to do next, she looked back at Pete. \"Sit down,\" he gestured. \"Isabel,\" Catherine said gently. \"Would you mind if I sit here?\" Looking up, Isabel nodded. \"Countdown's on.\" \"Isn't it always?\" Catherine laughed nervously and she couldn't exactly see it, because peripherally he was just outside her line of vision, but she could feel him shaking his head. Sensitivity was never her strongest suit and she felt this tiptoeing around the issue wasn't doing anyone a favour. \"Isabel! You cannot wait any longer. It has to be done today. Now, more precisely. Come on, get up. Get dressed.\" She jumped to her feet and within few seconds picked out an outfit for Isabel. \"Here, wear this.\" Resigned, Isabel took the clothes Catherine was handing her. Wordlessly she stood up, took off her sweatpants and tank top. \"On second thought,\" Catherine stopped her. \"Go take a quick shower first. You have 5 minutes. I'm waiting. Chop chop.\" Isabel disappeared in the bathroom. \"'S kinda hard to persuade people to act sensible, innit, love.\" \"Shut up, Pete.\" \"You shut up.\" \"No, you shut up. I'm still mad at you, you know.\" Pete stopped in his tracks. This girl was making him so angry sometimes he had a tremendous urge to just squish her head with his bare hands. With a nice little plop she would finally be quiet. He would never admit to anyone, especially not to her, that in those scarce moments of almost uncontrollable rage the only thing stopping him was the fear that with her gone his heart would plop also. He hated her but he also loved her and they both knew that one day she will be the death of him. \"All done,\" announced Isabel, as she left the bathroom in a cloud of steam, now fully dressed with hair dripping water on the floor. Wondering how much easier his life would be without those two creatures in his living room he walked to the dresser in the bedroom and in the bottom drawer he found a clean dry towel. \"You ready, kid?\" He asked, patting her wet hair with the towel, helping with the drying. \"Yes,\" she said, matter-of-factly. \"Ok then,\" he chuckled, taken aback a bit with the tone in her voice. Feeling this wasn't an appropriate moment to laugh, he handed the towel to Catherine, asking her to finish what he was doing, and went to change his clothes too. After quick inspection of his closet he decided that dark wash jeans and black shirt will have to do. He sat on his bed, putting the socks on. It must have been his lucky day, as there were no holes in them. He put his black leather work shoes on, realizing that he is taking far more time than needed to tie the shoe laces. He heard the bedroom door open. It was Catherine. \"Pete, we really have to get going. Let's go.\" But he did not move. Sitting down on the bed next to him, she heard the Countdown clock again. Isabel turned the TV back on. As if prompted by the clock, he broke the silence. \"Do you reckon her aunt will take her with her after the funeral?\" \"I don't know.\" \"She's going to make her to move to Sweden.\" \"Yes, that's possible.\" \"She's not going to like it. She will run away again.\" \"Yes, that's also possible. What is it to you Pete? She is not your responsibility.\" \"I'm worried. Aren't you?\" \"Yes, Pete, I'm worried,\" Catherine laughed, exasperated. \"I have a big list of worries, the girl being at the very bottom.\" \"Well, I'm sorry but I assumed you would feel bit sympathy towards the girl. I don't want to watch her life turning into another sad case.\" \"Like you watched mine, yeah?\" \"Yeah, like I watched yours.\" They sat on the bed, unmoving, glaring at each other, none of them able to recognize anymore who hurt whom the most; and who needs to apologize first. Isabel watched them from the doorstep. Clearing her throat, she disturbed them from the trance. \"You guys, can we go now? I need to bury my parents.\" \"Yes, little bird, let's get it over with,\" Pete got off the bed, grabbing his jacket in one hand and Catherine's hand in the other. Outside in car park Isabel took the passenger seat as soon as he unlocked the car, and slammed the door behind her. He walked around the car to driver's seat. Catherine was putting the rose bouquet into the trunk. As he was passing her by, he mumbled, as if it was a mere afterthought. \"I know you were not really pregnant.\" She froze, her head deep in the trunk. She tried to quickly back out, hitting her cranium in the process. \"Shit,\" she yelped, and touched her head where it hurt, hoping for no blood. She felt him standing right beside her. He moved her hair to check. She could feel his breath in her ear. \"I just don't know why.\" Catherine shut her eyes tightly for a second, so that she would not cry. This is my chance , she thought. The right moment . Telling him now would be like ripping of the band-aid, painful and quick, but finally revealing the untreated shot wound underneath. She is just going to say it. Now. \"I own money to Billy Bright.\" ","Summary":" It was a warm summer afternoon. The air was unmoving and still. Dark clouds were forming in the hei"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"The Princes hostage","Author":"CherrySweet18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7253315","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 3:10 to Yuma Fan fiction Hello readers this is my very first Fan Fiction and after watching this movie I thought that the kid needed a more important role. I hope you enjoy. Ever since Ben Wade had been held up by the fourteen year old boy known as William Evans at gun point he had begun to notice little details about the young man which reminded him of his earlier years, when he first started out in Dodge City. In the times he had spoken to the kid and been around him he had come to admire William and over time had come to like the adolescent. Ben knew that when Charlie and his boys found them they would shoot the kid with no second thoughts. So he came up with a little plan; once he had escaped from the group he would send a message to his boys and he hoped that it would arrive on time . Ben rode down the mountain having escaped his captors and taking their horses; in front of him he spotted a middle aged prospector on his last years digging through the dirt in hopes of a fortune. ' Well, what a good stroke of luck' he thought. His horse trotted over to the prospector who immediately pulled out a pistol and aimed the gun at Bens head. \"Don- Don't you come no further.\" The man said with a stroke of fear in his voice, his yellow teen showing through his extremely chapped lips. Ben raised his hands to his head. \"Now listen, I wouldn't be doing that if I were you.\" \"Why- why not?\" the man asked lowering his gun a bit. \"Because my friend, I have a proposal for you.\" As Ben spoke a grin formed on the other man's face. The man holstered his gun and approached Ben. \"What kind of proposal.\" The two men talked after words Ben rode away toward the tunnels through the mountain in search of a way to remove his cuffs and having been given a horse by Ben the man rode down the mountain toward Bisbee as fast as the horse could run; in his pocket a sketch by Ben himself and a letter to Charlie. Bens newly acquired horses trotted behind his own as he passed through the mountain tunnel, voices emanated through in a whisper, followed by a distant sound of explosives. Once beyond the tunnel he came across a large group of Chinese train track setters, with a temporary encampment yards away from the explosives. Little clusters of tents lined the path; he made his way to a white tent. Inside he found an old woman with two children, unbeknownst to him the leader of the encampment had spotted Ben. In his attempt to have the cuffs removed he was fired upon and captured once again. A while later the group of four had made their way into the encampment as well only to come across Ben being tortured through electric shock by the camp leader Mr. Boles. In the attempt to reacquire Ben the doctor was gunned down when trying to escape Mr. Bole's posy, meanwhile with the prospector and Charlie Prince. \"So you expect me to believe that the boss told you to come here and give that to me?\" Charlie spoke with an annoyed tone as he pointed his gun down at the man below having shot him in the leg. \"Ye-yes; the man in the black hat sa-said that I should give this to the ma-man with the blonde beard.\" The man stuttered as he spoke through the pain; holding up the letter and sketch. Charlie strode over to the prospector and snatched the letter and sketch from his hand. As he read an evil grin appeared on his face. He turned to his group. \"Well boys it looks like our boss has a plan and I like it!\" The prospector smiled at Charlie's words expecting to receive his promised payment only to have Charlie turn and shoot the man in the heart. The group had made their way into town and Dan was holding Ben in a room at the local bar and hotel while William stood watch at the tracks and Butterfield retrieved the Marshals. The clock in town read 2:25 as William spotted Charlie's group riding at a fast pace into town. With his hand rested on his gun he stared as he counted their numbers; 4 in all. His eyes grew wide as he backed away; he had only taken two steps when an arm appeared to his right clamping a hand over his mouth and dragged him into the alley, knocking his gun from his hand. \"Mmph\" He kicked and dug his feet into the ground trying desperately to break free of the persons hold but their strength was by far twice as strong as his. The man dragged him beyond the alley and into the back of the drug store where two men (an Apache Indian the other a Latin American) had just raided the building. The man tossed William toward the Latin American who rapped one arm around him rendering him unable to move and clamped his hand on Williams' mouth as well. He looked for his captor only to realize it was Charlie Prince himself, who had now entered the store and come out with a bottle of clear liquid and poured it on a white cloth. The man holding William removed his hand, he was about to yell for help when Charlie held the cloth to his face which to William smelled sweet. His vision began to blur and he was overcome by sleep and fell limp in his new captors' arms. Dan had just been introduced to the Marshals when a voice yelled from outside the window. \"Outta the way!\" It was a man's voice. The thunder of horses spread through the town as Charlie's group stampeded into it. Dan walked over to the window, he searched for the man who had screamed the warning. He spotted Charlie making his way toward their hide out in the hotel. Charlie turned his horse in a circle glancing at every building until he came face to face with the hotel where the bar tender motioned to him that the group was hiding out on the second level. Charlie smiled and stared straight at Dan. \"Boss, boss you there?\" Charlie asked. His horse getting restless it took two steps back. Ben stared at Dan from the bed. \"What do you want me to say?\" He asked Dan. Dan hid behind the wall and said, \"That you'll write him every day from Yuma.\" Ben smiled as he rose from the bed, walked over to the window and sat on the ledge. \"Hey Charlie, why don't you take the boys over to that Saloon for a drink?\" He spoke with and joyful voice. Charlie gave Ben a questioned look then nodded. \"You ok?\" Charlie asked with a worried tone. \"Oh I'm just fine, just sittin' here with my four new friends.\" He smirked at his hint, a similar expression on Charlie's face. \"Hey.\" Dan interrupted, pointing his gun at Bens face. Charlie tossed Bens hat up to him. \"Thank you Charlie, boys.\" He removed himself from the window as his boys acknowledged him. Charlie waited less than one minute before putting his plan into action. \"Listen up!\" He took out his gun and fired shots into the air \"Listen up,\" The whole town stared at the outlaw. \"That's Ben Wade they have up there Ben Wade , now the rail road intends to put him on the 3:10 to Yuma, and hang him.\" From inside the hotel the tension and worry began to rise. \"We will give you 200 cash dollars, to anyone, who shoots anyone of his captors. 200 cash dollars guaranteed!\" The town filled with agitation and excitement at the new proposal, every able bodied person grabbed a gun and loaded it their eyes set on the cash prize. \"They gotta have like 30 or 40 more guns out there now\" One of the marshals' deputies in the bar spoke with a worried tone. The Marshal glanced out the window the same thoughts in his mind. \"To hell with this.\" The Marshal holsters his gun, and takes his leave of the situation. As the marshal was about to make his way out of the room Dan asked with a frightened tone. \"Where's my boy?\" Ben smiled at the question for which he knew the answer, he got up from the bed and sauntered to the window. One of the townspeople aimed at him only to be fired at by Charlie. \"Charlie?\" He asked staring at his second in command. \"Yeah boss?\" \"Did you get my letter?\" Charlie smirked as he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out the piece of paper. \"Yes sir, I got the message,\" He turned his head slightly back, \"Boy's \" At this time Dan, Mr. Butterfield and the Marshal made their way over toward the window to inspect the situation. \"Bring out our guest.\" From behind the drug store the Apache Indian strolled out, at his heals was the Latin American. Dan's eyes grew wide at the package rested over the man's right shoulder; William. The two walked over to Charlie and the man carrying William lifted the boy onto Charlie's horse. Charlie settled the kid onto the front and spoke. \"We found this here boy waitin for us to alert you folks if we was comin; now sleepin beauty here has a very special new role. \" Charlie eyes gleamed. \"He's gonna be one of us!\" The group screamed and hollered with joy as they fired their guns in celebration. Dan just stared in disbelief at the sight in front of him. His son was now a hostage of Ben Wade's gang who were not known for their mercy, little did he know that the words that Charlie had spoken were true. In his letter Ben had told Charlie that the kid was to become his adopted son and would join their gang and he had explained that the kid reminded him of himself so he was to take the kid and if necessary use him as a hostage but not to hurt the kid- too badly. \"It's your move now Dan.\" Ben commented with a joyful and calm voice. \"You bastard, you tell them to let my boy go now.\" Dan screamed his gun shaking as he pointed it at the outlaw. \"I can't do that Dan if I tell them to let him go they'll kill him just like they are gonna do to you.\" Ben leaned out of the window farther. \"Charlie.\" \"Yeah boss.\" \"I want you to have one of the boys take the kid and hide him somewhere, someplace where these people won't find him.\" That's what Dan and the rest of the town heard but Charlie understood the meaning of his words. (Take the kid somewhere safe and protect him, if something happens and I don't make it he's your only way out. And if we do get away I want to raise him as my own.) \"Yes sir, Compos! You take the brat, back where we had him.\" Compos slid the boy off of the horse onto his back and stomped back toward the drug store where into a secret room. \"Now what, do you value your boys life more than your money Dan?\" Dan froze an impossible choice in his mind. Would he betray his country and let Ben Wade go to eventually regret it for the rest of his life or would he lose his son?[Chapter 2] Sorry short chapter ^_^ Chapter 2 William awoke to the sound of two men shouting one in a language unknown to him, he could not understand the words but knew the man's accent enough to know it was a Latino language. He grunted as he tried to sit up but to his dismay he discovered that his hands were bound behind his back, 'Well that would explain why I can't feel my arms.' He thought to himself as his surroundings came into focus, due to the rooms' sudden smell of alcohol. He glanced around to find himself in a small room a blanket and pillow underneath him. \"Well at least they have some decency to treat me like a human being!\" He heard scuffling coming from outside. 'Let's see I've been knocked out, kidnapped and tied up what's the worst that could be out there?' A tall scruffy Latino man made his way into the room mumbling to himself. \"¿Por qué tengo que cuidar del niño estúpido?\" *William froze, only able to helplessly stare into the man's cold black eyes. The man noticed the now awake William and bent down in front of him taking a handful of his hair in his hand. \"¿Lo que tan especial acerca de usted?\"* \"AH! Let go of me ya brute!\" The man dragged William out of the room through what looked like a pharmacy and dropped him onto the ground. \"What tha hell?\" He glanced around to find himself still in the town where his father was supposed to hand over Ben Wade to the Marshals, except that there were no people around and only gun shots could be heard in the distance. 'What the hell happened….PA!' William tried to stand up only to succeed in making himself dizzy. \"Hey there brat, looks like someone isn't awake from his nap.\" Charlie Princes voiced emanated from behind a corner of the building. \"Ugh, wha-what did ya do to me?\" William asked groggily staggering over toward anything that could keep him from falling. \"Nothing much just following the boss's orders, you,\" Charlie strutted over to William and grabbed him by his chin staring him straight in the face, \"are our ticket to a clean get away and if you behave you might even get the glory of shining my shoes.\" William glared at Charlie with immense disgust and jabbed his right knee toward Charlie only to have his whole body give way underneath him. \"AH\" \"Whoa there tiger, looks like someone's got some spirit in them, ain't he boys!\" The two men smirked. Charlie's smirk gave way to a blank stare. \"Compos,\" The Latino man yanked Will up from the ground and over his shoulder. \"Congratulations kid, you get two presents today, the first one is, you get to see that bastard father of yours one last time, then you get to become one of us. Man I can't believe how charitable we are.\" The trio walked calmly toward the rapid sound of gunshots. I will update again soon I have been busy with the new semester . *what's so special about you?* *why do I have to take care of the stupid child?*[Chapter 3] Hey everyone I'm back with another chapter sorry it's so short I've had alot to do this semester but i promise i will update again soon with a longer chapter, hope you like it. Charlie leads the way as the group walk out into the main road to see Ben and Dan dashing across the rooftops, bullets raining all around them as if gravity itself had been reversed. As the trio watch the spectacle Charlie begins to notice the randomness of the gunfire and begins to worry. Were those idiots even aiming at the rancher or were they just trigger happy morons only taking pleasure in aimlessly firing the guns idiotically given to them. \"Hey, HEY, Not the black hat THE RANCHER, SHOOT THE RANCHER!\" Charlie screeches at the outlaws. Realizing that the group never heard him Charlie then begins to shoot all of the men firing at his boss, killing all except for one who had just finished a shootout with the sheriff. During this time Compos and the Apache Indian had remained just a few feet behind him, William struggling to get free any way he could at the sound of Charlie's orders. 'Pa….' Thanks to Charlie's outburst Ben and Dan had made it off the rooftops and were now racing through the part of town still under construction weaving in and out of hollow wooden structures. The two eventually made their way into the abnormally small train station using the desk by the window for cover. The man in the station informed them that the train was running late and that it would \"get there when it got there\". Charlie took point as the group slowly followed Ben and Dan's trail. \"I swear to god if you hurt my pa I'll kill you where you stand!\" Will warned Charlie still uselessly trying to break free of the Latino man's hold. Charlie stops dead in his tracks and turns his head ever so slightly behind him. \"One of ya find a rag to gag this brat I don't need him screaming in my ear while I'm working.\" The Apache reaches into his pouch and takes out what is left of what seems to be a cotton button down shirt, rolls it up and strides over to William. \"Hey wha da ya think yer- mnph!\" the boys cries are muffled by the newly placed gag. Satisfied with the silence Charlie continues to make his way to the train station, Compos and the Indian at his heels. The train slowly pulls into the station. Charlie spots Dan, he licks his lips and un-holsters his gun, Will struggles intensely with no prevail. As the outlaw takes aim he is caught off guard by a hand on his shoulder, swiftly turning to face the figure shooting them point blank to find one of his men at his feet bleeding out before him. \"Ch-Charlie ….Boss ma-made a deal with the ran-rancher.\" The man spurts blood, with every word it drips down his face, a river of crimson truth. The outlaw yanks at the mans collar. \"WHAT! What do ya mean he made a deal?!\" \"The-the rancher gets hi-his boy back ,\" The man hacks up more blood dyeing his white beard red. \"if he lets Boss es-escape.\" Charlie throws the man to the ground as his last breaths escape him. \"Damn it!\" Charlie shouts enraged. This wasn't the Ben Wade he knew, his Boss never made deals with anyone let alone a self- proclaimed law man. No, he wasn't his Boss anymore, his boss died as soon as he was caught by those law men and as far as Charlie was concerned that's the way it was going to stay. Still, he couldn't shake the part of him that looked up to the man, so he decided that he would honor \"his Ben Wade\" the best way he could, carry out his last orders. The bells of the train ring marking the seconds that Charlie has to put his plan into action, he scans the horizon and spots Ben Wade and the rancher as the two board the train, with Bens cuffs unlocked. 'so that was their plan, that damn rancher still gets the money and the glory while boss gets away as the trains leaving, well lets shake things up a bit.' Charlie reaches behind and grabs William from Compos as he fires his gun straight up into the air. \"HEY! HEY RANCHER,\" Dan hears a voice call out and turns to see to his horror his son held in front of Charlie Prince with the barrel of a gun up against his temple, his mouth gagged and eyes widened in fear. \"William!\" Ben turns at Dan's horrified scream. \"Damnit,that idiot will ruin everything\" he swears under his breath, he raises his head and looks directly at Charlie. \"CHARLIE! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING? WHY AREN'T YOU FOLLOWING MY ORDERS?!\" Charlie smirks pushing the gun down harder on Wills temple, \"Well ya see, my way of lookin at it, I am following your orders, the real Ben Wades orders \" he says with a hint if malice in his voice. \"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT I AM BEN WADE! \" \" I don't think so the Ben Wade I know wouldn't make deals with law men just to get out of a prison he's already escaped from just to help their ego, he's not the bleeding heart that you are, the last time I heard from the real Ben Wade was when you gave me order concerning this here brat,\" he swiftly pistol whips William knocking him to the ground unconscious. \"CHARLIE!\" \"DAMN YOU! YOU BASTARD ILL KILL YOU FOR THAT!\" Charlie shakes the gun back and forth, \"No, I don't think you will Rancher cause you see, your boy here is gonna be the next Ben Wade and I will personally make sure that he won't have a bleeding heart, he has great potential. I've seen for myself the fire in his eyes just waiting to be let loose, oh yes he'll make a nice addition to our gang indeed.\" He reaches down and picks the unconscious William up and whistles for his horse, relishing in the fact that Dan wouldn't shoot so long as he had his boy as a hostage. He climbs onto the horse with William in front of him he motions the horse to turn towards the train. \"Well Rancher, Boss it's been fun, but we got work to do, come on boys lets get outta here!\" He kicks the horse, firing his gun into the air as he, William and what remains of Ben Wades gang disappear into the horizon of the setting sun, leaving the two men behind; one with the lingering question. 'what am I going to tell Alice?' well there you have it tell me what you think. Review, please![Chapter 4] Sorry guys I've had a bit of writers' block lately and finals are killing me so this chapter is going to be a short. Chapter 4 The sound of horses trotting pounded in Williams head as he came to his senses, the foul smell of rotting bodies surrounded him. With a strained groan William opens his eyes the weight of exhaustion almost too much to conquer. The scene before him is one of horror; to his right was Ben Wade a bullet-hole straight through his temple a look of desperation plastered on his face, beside him laid his father with a gaping hole in his chest. William stares at the two bodies in unable to move or blink although the urge to shriek and cry being held at bay by sheer terror, a soft chuckle stems from behind him. He quickly turns his head to see Charlie perched on a boulder one hand clutching a gun the other holds a heart. \"Pa's\" Charlie concludes. The heart bleeds a deep crimson, the light of the fire casting the illusion of it still beating. \"See what happens when you don't act like a leader,\" He said in an almost lecturing tone. \"you get killed.\" Charlie holds up the heart. \"and it was all because of your old man and his bleeding heart.\" He tosses the heart toward William. \"if only they hadn't come after you.\" The world fades out as William loses the battle to keep conscious. William abruptly awakens to find himself in the middle of a camp, bandits buzzing about packing up tents and eating food. The sun had long since gone down and the only light was that of the campfire, the chill of the night air caresses his face. He quietly watches attempting to figure out where exactly he is. Off in the distance he hears the whistle of a train. \" We can't be that far from Pa, what happened?\" Williams' thoughts were obstructed by the pounding in his head and pain coming from his left temple. He reaches to feel for a bump only to find his hand bound behind his bank yet again. He growls in frustrations as he roles to the right, his eyes widen when he spots Charlie Prince standing next to his horse staring at him; a small smirk on his face. \" Oh no please tell me that was just a dream!\" \"Well look like the princess decided to finally wake up, you get enough rest sleeping beauty?\" he says with a mocking fake concern in his voice. \"Screw you.\" William sits up as Charlie makes his way through the camp towards him. \"Now, now is that any way to talk to your older brother.\" \"What?\" \"You, William, have the honor of being my younger brother, I am going to teach you everything I know in the hopes that you will one day follow in my footsteps and become as great a leader as me and the late Ben Wade.\" \"Ben Wades not dead, he's on the train to Yuma, Pa made sure of that.\" William retorts with a smirk on his face. Charlie stops in front of him and kneels down, his face on the same level as Williams. \"Now that my friend is where you're wrong, you see, in order to save face with the government he decided to make a deal with the new Ben Wade, in exchange for Ben going willingly to the train, your old man would get the money and the Boss would escape the train. Your father would pretend not to know anything about it. So your father broke the law and let Ben Wade escape.\" \"No….NO PA WOULDN'T DO THAT, HE'S NOT THAT KIND OF MAN!\" William lunges at Charlie who simply backs away. \"Oh I'm afraid he would, and I bet to save you he will even team up with Wade and ignore everything he's done then just let him go in the end, now that is a lack of pride. \" \"No your wrong my Pa would never team up with a criminal like Ben Wade, NEVER!\" William thrashes in rage. \"Well we'll just then won't we...\" The sound of horses whispers on the wind. \"Oh look at that, let's see whose here huh?\" He grabs Will by the collar of his shirt and yanks him onto his feet. Off in the distance a pair of horses' races toward the camp, a voice travels on the wind screaming one name. \"WILLIAM!\"[Chapter 5] Authors Note (Sorry guys but it's not a new chapter.) Hey everyone, thank you so much for all the encouraging reviews. I'm sorry I haven't updated in a long while. It's been a rough few years and haven't really been able to focus on my stories. Losing a parent, a friend and grandparent in a short time span will do that to you I guess. I am finally able to write again and plan to update soon. Thank you and I look forward to your future comments![Chapter 6] Authors Note (Sorry guys but again it's not a new chapter.) Hey everyone, as I mentioned earlier I do plan on updating soon but it won't be for at least a week. Thanks for your patience ","Summary":" 3:10 to Yuma Fan fiction Hello readers this is my very first Fan Fiction and after watching this mo"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Its a love story, baby just say yes","Author":"ILoveYourExistence","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4718605","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Chapter re-did, a bit! haha enjoy. Payton Noles was what every man seemed to be looking for in a woman. She was young, quite beautiful, funny, and warm hearted. The only thing wrong was that she never seemed to be interested in any of them, sure there were an odd few, but no one really caught her attention. Until, that is, this young lady boarded a plane to London, England. \"Oi, Matt lets go get a few drinks in while we can.\" Pete hollered from downstairs of his brother's residence. The night was young, and the firm was planning on having a fun night out. \"Yeah yeah\" Matt grinned, fixing the collar of his jacket while rushing downstairs. \"See ya later sis\" He quickly kissed his sister on the cheek and opened the door. \"Lata Shannon\" Pete winked laughing, and following Matt outside. Shannon rolled her eyes and shut the door behind them, watching them carefully as they strutted down the street. \"So..\" Pete started. \"So..?\" Matt replied dryly \"Are ya comin' to the Liverpool game this weekend or what?\" Pete asked Matt hesitated a bit. \"Aw, c'mon. Like you have any other plans\" Pete laughed coolly \"Well Shannon wants me to go visit my dad, tell him about Harvard.\" Matt explained opening the door for the bar, and stepping in. \"Pftt\" Pete rolled his eyes, opening the pub door. \"Ill talk to Shannon about it..\" Pete was about to reply when Ike yelled toward them. \"Oi, over here\" The pair walked over to the table, all the firm was practically drunk. \"Whatcha say we have another round boys!\" Pete yelled over the crowded bar. Loud roars erupted. \"Would you look at that.\" Dave whispered to the firm. They all followed his stare. Payton walked into the bar closely behind her new co worker, Molly. The two had recently just met at Vogue magazine, where Payton was just offered a job. \"A little sketchy in here, eh?\" Payton laughed lightly nudging Molly. \"My brother comes here a lot.\" \"Hes probably here..\" Molly quickly scanned over the room. \"Oh there he is.\" Molly pointed toward a big group of guys. \"His friends are obsessed with football.\" Molly whispered. \"Ey, isn't that your sister Ike?\" Swill asked confusingly \"Yeah, it is.\" \"Mate, thats my sister!\" Ike bellowed at Dave who was scanning the two. \"The girl beside her mate\" Dave defended himself. \"Pete, oi, Pete!\" Dave nudged him. \"What?\" Pete asked angrily, he and Bovver were in a heated discussion about the last West Ham game. \"What do ya think of the lady over there..the one with Ike's little sister?\" Dave asked leaning into him, while staring at the girls. Pete looked up immediately to see. He had to admit, she was rather goodlooking, okay, really goodlooking. \"She's good mate.\" \"Who's she?\" \"dunna\" Dave replied. \"Looks like they're all looking.\" Molly laughed. \"Do you wanna say hello?\" Molly asked excitedly \"You sure seem excited to.\" Payton sniggered \"Well..\" Molly whispered \"his friends are lookers\" she giggled. \"Alright then, lets go say hi\" Payton rolled her eyes jokingly. \"Oi, Oi!\" \"Theyre coming over.\" One of the members called lightly. \"Lads, lads!\" Dave hit a few, shushing them. He jerked his head toward the girls. \"Hey brother\" Molly said toward Ike. \"Ello sis. Who's your lovely friend here.\" He replied grinning. \"Boys, this is Payton.\" Payton waved lightly, looking over the group. She had to admit, the boys were pretty good looking. But only one really stood out. He looked a bit woozy and maybe even drunk, but his eyes were striking blue and kind looking. His hair was shaved and his face was defined and strong. His eyes connected to hers for awhile until she looked towards Molly. \"Would you ladies like to join us?\" Dave smiled kindly. Molly gave her an is-it-okay? Kind of look. Payton nodded giving them a warm smile. \"Alright Payton, lets introduce you to the lads.\" \"I'm Dave, this is Ike, thats Swill, Matt a yank, Kevin, Neil, Frankie, George, Marcus, Oliver, Pete, and Bovver.\" \"Hey\" Payton said shyly. She would definitely NOT remember all of their names. \"Oi, do we have another yank here?\" Bovver said somewhat disgustedly \"Actually Canadian.\" Payton said smoothly \"Ahh..i like those better\" Bovver said dully drinking a shot, then taking a drag of his cigarette. Payton felt eyes on her throughout her conversations with Dave and Ike. She looked around the table to find Pete eying her. She turned her face toward him. \"You like to stare do you?\" She asked him somewhat playfully(probably had something to do with the four beers she chugged), from across the table. Most of the boys and Molly had just gone and played some pool, and the ones that were there were passed out. \"Only at certain things ya\" Pete said steadily grinning a bit, leaned back in his seat. Payton raised an eyebrow, the alcohol getting to her head a bit more now. Pete's grin grew wider as his took a light sip of his beer. \"You must be one of those rich folks back in America\" Pete said laying back in his seat and smoking his cig. \"Canada..\" She corrected him. \"I guess you can say that, yeah.\" \"Mmm, so..what's a fit..I mean, young lady like yourself doing in good ol' England?\" \"And to go even further, in this this non posh of a pub?\" Pete chuckled to himself. Payton let a light laugh out, \"Well.. Ive come to England 'cause I got a job here. To get out of the city I was in is another reason I guess. And im here in this fine, upbeat pub because Molly wanted to\" She said all in one breath. Feeling oddly infatuated by him, she leaned in closer resting her head in the palm of her hand. It might have been the cigarette smoke going to her head, or maybe even the beers, who knows. \"Hmm, well then I guess ill just have to show you around\" \"Wouldnt want someone like you getting lost around here\" Just then Molly came up beside them. \"Ready to go?\" \"We have work tomorrow and these boys are getting mad at me for slaughtering them at pool\" Molly said proudly. Payton laughed lightly. \"Yeah, i think the cigarette smoke has gotten to my head.\" \"See you Pete\" Molly waved giving a quick smile. He waved in return. Payton gave him a small smile while picking up her coat. \"Maybe I'll take you up on that tour\" \"Isnt he fit?\" Molly asked Payton while they walked out of the pub. \"Who..?\" \"Pete, obviously. Dont think I didn't know you two talkin' over there\" Molly snickered \"Yeah, he is pretty good looking I'll give you that\" Payton said \" Pretty good looking \" Molly exclaimed, laughing a bit. \"Absolutely gorgeous you mean. Although I think Dave is a bit more fit\" Molly winked. Payton could lie to Molly, but she couldn't lie to herself; Pete Dunham was actually very, very gorgeous. \"Having a bit of fun with the new lady are we?\" Dave laughed thumping down on the seat next to Pete. Pete smiled widely but looked down a bit. \"Ahh, fuck off\" Pete chuckled pushing Dave away. A week had gone by without much excitement. Payton was finding her job very time consuming, so she didn't see Pete after that one night. \"Hey Payton\" Molly said happily coming into her small office with a pile of papers. \"Hey\" She smiled looking up from her computer. Payton glanced at the papers Molly was holding. \"Lots of work this weekend?\" \"No no..\" \"Im just giving this to Andre\" \"Ohh\" Payton said lightly \"Hey, I'm going out with Oliver you know? The guy from the pub?\" Payton nodded, only slightly remembering him. \"Yeah, well were going out with the guys and a few of their other girlfriends, do you wanna come? Payton didn't hesitate long before answering. \"Sure, sounds fun\" \"Where were you guys planning to go?\" \"A new-ish club called Elix\" \"It should be fun\" Molly grinned. \"So want me to pick you up from your apartment?\" \"Cause I'm meeting Oliver there\" Payton nodded. \"Yeah, thatd be good\" \"Alright, I'll come around 10:30\" \"I should probably go get these to Andre before our boss kills me!\" Payton laughed \"Kay!\" Payton hurried out of work, and rushed back to her apartment. It was 7 o'clock, so she had a few hours to get ready. She quickly made some soup, and began roaming inside her walk-in closet. Payton didn't know what exactly to wear. A dress, or jeans and a top? She decided just to go with the jeans a top. After about a half an hour of picking out clothes, she finally decided on an outfit. It was dark fitted skinny jeans, with a teal coloured tank top with beaded designing, and black high heels. Payton quickly looked over herself in the mirror. She nodded in approval just as Molly knocked on her door and came in. \"Ohh, you clean up nice\" Molly smiled taking a seat by Payton's mini bar. \"Thanks, you too\" Payton said. Molly was wearing a mini dress. It was silk, plum coloured, with a low V neck, she paired it off with black flats. \"Someones going to be very impressed\" Molly said under her breath, while making her way to the door. \"What?\" Payton said following closely behind her. \"Oh nothing, just a certain bloke has been talking about you.\" Molly grinned widely, opening the door for Payton and then trailing after her. \"Who?\" Payton asked, holding back a small smile. Secretly she was hoping only one person. \"Nope\" \"Im not saying a word\" Molly shook her head \"Oh c'mon, please!\" \"Please\" Dawn begged giving her best puppy dog face. \"Nope, your getting nothing out of me\" Payton begged the whole drive to the club, but Molly didn't budge. \"Humph\" Payton said crossing her arms like a child. \"Youre mean\" She gave Molly the evil eye. \"You Canadians sure are persistent.\" Molly rolled her eyes, and got out of the car. The two ladies walked towards the entrance. \"Oh, there he is\" Molly grabbed Payton's hand quickly, and smiled ecstatically. Payton smiled back at her with just as must excitement. \"Molly, you didn't tell me Pete was going to be here!\" She whispered harshly. Molly glanced at her and then grinned. \"Is that a bad thing?\" she asked with a smile \"Noo..but if i knew i would have dressed a bit better!\" \"Sluttier you mean\" Molly winked, Payton slapped her slightly. By then the two girls got to the group and said their hellos. Pete walked up to Payton slowly, his walk seemed confident, but his eyes said differently. \"Ello\" Pete smiled lightly, throwing away his cigarette. \"Hey\" Payton smile shyly. \"You look fantastic..\" He looked down at his feet quickly. Payton grinned. \"Thanks\" \"I hope you'll save me a dance\" he whispered as he lead her into the club. Payton grinned \"Gotta show me some of your moves \" Authors Note: Just my first chapter, so dont be too hard on me. Please R&R;:):)? thanks;)[Chapter 2] Authors Note: Hey! So sorry I haven't updated the story! But heres another chapter! Its long, sorry….but I hope you enjoy, and are having a lovely summer Have a good one. \"How are you enjoying the night?\" Molly exclaimed over the loud music. The band was playing thunderously and everyone swarmed around them, dancing in ecstasy. \"It's great!\" Payton grinned. Boys had been swooning over her the whole night, and she couldn't help but feel a bit flattered. Molly too was getting much attention, to Oliver's dismay. \"Have you danced with Pete yet?\" Molly asked anxiously, nudging her friend. \"I haven't seen him actually..\" Payton replied, looking over the shoulder of her friend. She felt Molly hit her forearm. \"Ow..\" she looked back at Molly, who was smiling at something behind her. \"Care for that dance now?\" Payton barely heard from behind her. Turning around she saw Pete's radiant face smiling down at her. Payton quickly nodded. Pete guided her throw the crowded dance floor. Payton gently placed her arms over Pete's neck, as he pulled her closer to him. Their bodies moved to the rhythm of the beat, their eyes looking no where but eachothers. The two were wrapped in eachothers arm until the song ended. Pete quickly grabbed Payton's hand and pulled her off the dance floor. \"Wanna go outside?\" Pete yelled, motioning toward the door. She nodded and they hurridely walked toward the exit. \"Pretty hot in there eh?\" Payton said, leaning against the wall of the club. Pete lit his ciggarette and breathed in. He nodded in agreement. \"I see you caught the eye of every bloke in the club\" he blowing a fresh blanket of smoke to the side. Payton snorted. \"Not really..\" she said humbly \"bollocks\" Pete gave her a sidewaze grin \"I saw atleast 10...\" \"All drunk im sure..\" Payton said honestly, \"...wait.. you saw? Were you watching me?\" Payton joked Pete blushed a bit, taking another drag of his fag. \"Ahh...\" He shrugged with a bit of a grin. Payton giggled. \"Im joking..\" she smiled and took a second to admire his face. The street lights were lighting his face perfectly, his face looked slightly bruised, but his eyes...they were still a striking blue-ish green that made Payton feel relaxed and content. Payton stared at him dreamily, when suddenly his head popped up..his eyes connecting with hers. She quickly averted her eyes and ran threw her hair awkwardly. \"I think Im gonna get going...I should go tell Molly Im leaving.\" Payton said, backing slowly toward the entrance. Pete took one last inhale on his cig and threw in on the ground. \"Im gonna go too, why dont we share a cab.\" Pete suggested. \"Alright\" Payton smiled. \"Thanks for sharing a cab with me Pete. I'll see you later then?\" Payton said outside of her apartment. \"Yeahh..\" Pete gave her a side ways grin. \"Night\" he leaned in and kissed her cheek. Payton's face flushed a bright red. \"Night..\" \"Soooo..tell me all about it\" Molly said excitedly plopping onto Payton's desk. Payton jumped slightly, and gave her a confused look. \"Sorry?\" \"You and Pete!\" \"C'mon, i saw you guys dancin', major chemistry there yeah?\" She winked \"He is cute..\" Payton admitted. \"But work has been so hectic, I have six shows I need to go by Wednesday! I cant think about guys right now..especially ones that are so distracting\" \"He likes you you know...\" Molly grinned, as Payton gave her a frown. \"Im just sayin' dont get too gutted with work! Or else he might think youre not interested\" Payton smiled. \"Thanks. Now get out before I get fired for getting nothing done!\" Payton laughed, shooing her away. \"Come out with my to the bar tonight.. you know whos gonna be there\" Molly begged running onto Payton's desk. \"I dont know Mol...I just barely finished my work this week. I just want to sleep for 10 years!\" Payton sighed, throwing her head back and running her hands threw her hair. \"Oh Please Payton!\" \"Ollie's gonna be there, and I dont wanna be the only non slut there! You know all those girls Bover has around him...theyll be makin me wanna puke all night! I need another chicka to help me cope\" Molly said with her puppy dog face. \"Ugh...\" Payton groaned \"Oh c'mon! You need to get drunk. It'll take the stress away\" Molly joked. \"...one condition.\" Payton said \"That's my girl! Name it!\" Molly grinned ear to ear \"You drive me there, and when I wanna leave we leave\" Payton sternly said. \"Agreed\" \"Thanks! Ill pick you up around 9?\" Molly asked, jumping off her desk. \"Mkayyy...\" Payton groggily agreed \"See you then love!\" Molly laughed running out of the office. \"Oi!Oi! Gents behave yourself now! We got some real classy ladies in our presence!\" Swill announced over the loud bunch. \"Evening Ladies\" Dave said politely nodding his head. \"Hey boys\" Molly grinned. \"Ello sis\" Ike greated getting up and kissing her cheek. Pete stood up as he saw Payton come toward them. \"Hey\" he smiled at her. \"Hi\" Payton blushed. \"Can I get ya a drink?\" Pete offered quickly. \"Suree\" The night went by fast, the boys chanted loudly, spilling beer all over the pub's floor. Some were on tables while others were jumping up and down. Pitchers of beer moved around the room, leaving no cup empty. \"Having fun there ?\" Pete grinned as Payton plumped down on the chair in front of him. \"I think I had...10..maybe more beers\" \"Im not going to like myself in the morning\" Payton slurred. \"Maybe we should get you home. It's almost 2am\" Pete said a bit concerned. Payton laughed \"Hmm..\" Pete shook his head and let out a small snicker. \"Ill go tell Molly\" \"Hey Molly\" Pete yelled, poking her shoulder. \"Oh hey Pete\" she smiled, Ollie behind her. \"Payton's lookin' a bit rough. I think she should probably head home.\" Pete advised. \"Oh..alright.\" Molly said a bit sad. \"Ill see you around then Ol\" Pete could tell that she didn't really want to leave right now. \"Hey Molly. I can take her home..you stay here for a bit\" \"Are you sure Pete?\" Molly asked \"Yeah, no worries. Latas\" Pete waved. \"Thanks Pete\" Molly kissed his cheek. \"Take care of my girl\" she winked Pete gently picked Payton up, walked her outside and got into a cab passing by. \"Payton, wheres your flat\" Pete asked. Her eyes were shut but she nuzzled in his arms. Not knowing what to do Pete quickly told the taxi driver his address. \"Ughhh\" Payton moaned, rolling onto her back. Her head pounded like a thousand hammers were smashing into her skull and she had the sudden need to puke. She quickly pushed away the sheets that were on top of her, but suddenly realized that they were not her sheets. Payton slightly peeked open her eyes, the suns rays blinding her for a split second, she looked down and noticed that the sheets were colored blue and dark purple with west ham united printed on them. Last time Payton checked her sheets were teal and made of silk. Where the .i? she thought to herself worriedly. Her thoughts were suddenly disrupted when she heard soft hums from outside the closed bedroom door. Swiftly Payton found her clothes on the end of the bed and threw them on. Checking herself in the small mirror above the dresser she frowned. \"I look like crap!\" she spat to herself. Pushing that aside she tip toed to the door and looked outside. To her surprise she saw Pete, topless, in the kitchen around the stove. \"Im West Ham till i die, Im West Ham till i die, I know I am Im sure I am, Im West Ham till i die\" he sang quietly. Payton smiled slightly, thinking it was cute he was singing and cooking. She coughed lightly causing Pete to jump a bit. \"elo ello…feelin' alright?\"Pete grinned turning to face her. Payton laughed quietly. \"Quite the opposite...I dont remember anything.\" Suddenly the thought popped into her mind. \"Did we..?\" she motioned between the two. \"You dont remember?\" Pete said offended. Payton's face turned even whiter. \"Im only jokin'. You wouldve remembered that\" He winked turning back to the stove. \"Eggs and bacon?\" Pete offered. \"Yes please\" Payton blushed as she took a seat by his table. \"Here. Take this\" Pete said as he placed a pill in front of her and some water. \"Thanks...so do you mind me asking how i ended up here?\" she asked shyly Pete laughed \"Well, since Molly was havin a bit of fun with Ollie, I said Id take ya back to your flat. Since ya were a BIT bobbinsed...you passed out. Then that made it a bit hard to ask where yer lived, so I brought ya back here.\" He slid her plate in front of her. \"So, do you have anyfin planned for today?\" Pete asked taking a sip of his coffee. Payton thought for a bit. \"I was supposed to see Molly today, but i dont know if ill be able to do anythign today. What about you? \"Theres a football match lata...but thats not for a few more hours\" \"Well, I think I should head home then. Thats so much for yesterday, and breakfest. I owe you one\" Payton smiled. \"Well hows about a date then?\" Pete grinned \"What do you have in mind?\" Payton said, holding in her excitement. \"Whateva you want really...coffee, lunch, dinner, anythin\" \"hmm..how about coffee. You can show me around town\" Payton smiled \"Brilliant\" Pete agreed. \"Tomorrow then?\" \"Soo, did you do anyfin with her?\" Dave said leaning toward Pete on the train to Middlesbrough. \"Nahh mate.\" Pete shook his head. \"A fit lass like that was in your flat..on your bed, and you didnt do a thing?\" Swill joined in the conversation. \"Mate she was unconscious. Not really my thing. Unlike you I dont have to resort to that\" Pete laughed \"Piss off\" Swill laughed, the other boys chuckling along. \"You and Pete? Tomorrow? Date?\" Molly could hardly breathe as she jumped up and down on Payton's bed. \"Shhh! My head\" Payton groaned rubbing her temples. \"But its so exciting! What are you gonna wear? Not like it matters really, Petes a pretty chill bloke. This is gonna be wicked! I cant wait to tell everyone!\" Molly rambled. Payton chuckled as Molly jumped off her bed and started to rummage through her closet. \"Its just dinner really. A thank you for him saving me yesterday\" Payton said cooly. \"Oh pleaseee, Pete never takes girls on a real date! This is his first! That must be somethin!\"Molly cooed laughing and throwing shirts onto the bed. \"Whateverrrr\" Payton dropped on her bed in exhaustion. A knock on the door caused Payton to get immediate butterflies. She quickly ran over to the door and smiled brightly as she saw Pete in his usual Beige coat and dark blue jeans. \"Hey Pete\" \"Ello ello! You ready to go then?\" Pete asked leaning against her door frame. Payton nodded as she closed the door behind her and the two went off. \"So I hear youre a big 'football' fan?\" Payton started up as Pete came back with their two cups of coffee. \"Yeah, me and the boys love West Ham...great team\" Pete said. \"So you guys just go to all their games? Cheer them on?\" Payton asked taking a sip of her coffee Pete shrugged a bit. \"Yeah, we try to go to all the games...some blokes from the other...teams try to start scuffles with us..but its really all about the team.\" \"Its nice to be that passionate about something\" Payton said truthfully Pete grinned, leaning back in his chair slyly. \"What about you? What do you love?\" Payton thought for a bit. \"Love being around nature...just peaceful\" she smiled genuinely The two held a conversation, talking about everything from family to the most recent block buster hit, for almost 2 and a half hours. After the pair consumed about a letre of coffee each they headed out. \"...Anyway, so she tried to hit the bug but instead she pressed on the gas pedal and zoomed into the car infront of her!\" Payton laughed. She was so caught up in the story she didnt notice a small hole in the side walk. \"Ah!\" she screamed as her face penitrated toward the paviment. Suddenly a pair of strong arms grabbed Payton by the waist and pulled her back onto her feet. \"Bloody hell, you should be more careful\" Pete grinned, steadying her. Payton breathed heavily and laughed. \"Im sort of a clutz, good thing youre here to save me!\" Payton looked over her clothes and smoothed them out a bit, and unexpectedly she noticed Pete's hands still around her waist. She looked up at him, his eyes locked with hers and his lips curved into a smile. His face began to lower toward hers, his lips only centimeters apart when abroptly a tune started ring from Pete's coat pocket. Im forever blowing bubbles, they fly so high nearly reach the sky...\" it rang softly. Payton let out a small disappointing laugh. \"One sec..\" Pete frowned. \"Ello?\" Pete answered annoyed \"Oi mate, its Dave.\" \"I, I…\" \"Listen Pete, Hatcher's goin insane now. Now more than ever mate\" \"What you blabblin about?\" \"He just went after Keith's ms'\" \"Wha?\"\" \"Member that match a few weeks ago, some cunt told him he'd get him back for smashin his face in?\" \"Yeah\" \"Guy went over with Hatcher's fuckers to Keiths flat and started beatin on his wife\" \"Nahh mate...Hatcher can't stoop that low\" \"He did mate, now Keith's at the hospital Sharol's gettin a few stitches...luckily Keith, Kevin, Neil, and George got home before anything really serious happened. Watch out for Payton, yeah? Dont want nofin happenin to other lassies. Next match Hatcher's a dead man\" Dave spat \"Yeah...thanks mate. Ill catch ya lata\" Pete said shocked \"Cheers mate\" \"Everything alright Pete?\" Payton asked concerned \"Yeah...\" Pete answered \"You sure? You look a bit pale...\" Payton trailed off. \"Yeah, nah...I havta go...meet some mates. Youre okay gettin back by yourself?\" \"Of course. Ill see you around.\" Payton gave him a reassuring smiling \"Alright latas\" Pete quickly kissed her cheek. Payton watched as he jogged across the street and walked hurriedly down the street. Payton shrugged off his random exit and hailed a cab. A week passed and Payton hadn't seen or heard from Pete since their little date. Her hopes began to dwindle as the days passed, and he didnt even call. Was it something i did? Does he not like me? Were frequent questions she asked herself. \"Mate, hows you and Payton goin?\" Ike asked as the firm crowded around their usual giant table. Pete shrugged a bit. \"Havent talked to her.\" \"What? Thats crazy? You were practically drooling over her whenever she came here with Molly\" Matt frowned taking a drag of his cig. \"Things change..\" Pete shrugged again. All the guys went back to sipping their beers and taking about the next upcoming match. Pete, feeling less enthusiastic, got up and went to sit at the bar, with Matt following soon behind. \"What's really going on Pete? Matt asked curiously. \"You heard bout hatcher, mate. If that bloody cunt knew bout Payton who knows what he would do to her..Im the leader of this firm, I shouldnt make Payton unsafe just cause I fancy er.\" Pete frowned sipping on his beer. \"Well...I dont know if thats really fair to Payton. Whatd you say when you told her?\" Matt questioned Pete's eyebrows pulled together as he took another long sip of beer. \"You did tell her right?\" Matt somewhat chuckled. Realizing Pete looked a bit ashamed Matt frowned. \"I dont know man. Id talk to her about it.\" \"Well its all done and gone now. Aint no point of talkin to her bout it\" Pete got up abruptly and walked out of the bar, his beer in hand. It was close to 8 oclock am as Payton was daydreaming about her and Pete's last and only date...what did she do wrong? She kept wondering until she was unexpectedly hit on her shoulder spilling her coffee onto her hands and papers. \"Oh!\" Payton shrieked placing her coffee on the counter. \"Oh geez! Are you alright?\" She heard from infront of her, she looked up to see a man looking worridely at her. \"Im fine, sorry. I wasnt paying attention at all.\" Payton apologized, whipping the coffee off her hands. \"Did i spill coffee on you at all?\" She said concerned looking up and looking over the man's suit. \"No, no...dont worry.\" The man chuckled. Payton took a second to look up at him. She blushed completely when she noticed that he was rather good looking. He had a strong jaw line, smoothed back blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and Payton knew there was a muscular body under his suit. \"Im Gabriel\" The tall blonde said offerering his hand. \"Payton\" She said shaking his hand and smiling. \"Well its nice to meet you..\" Gabriel smiled showing off his perfectly white smile. Payton felt a bit weak at the knees as he smiled at her. Snapping back into reality Payton checked her watch. \"You too...but I actually have to get to work.\" Payton said gesturing outside. \"Oh, well I hope to see you again.\" Gabriel said smoothing walking to the door of the cafe and opening the door for her. Payton smiled toward him. \"See you..\" she said shyly and raced off to work. \"Are you done in there?\" Molly yelled while fixing her lipgloss. Payton slowly opened the door to the bathroom and walked out \"Do i look okay?\" she asked smoothing out her outfit Molly turned to her and smiled \"You look amazin'! Now get out of the way!\" Molly laughed running toward the bathroom and grabbing the hair spray. \"So...\" Molly began as she sprayed the back of her hair. \"Tell me about this guy...the one at the cafe..\" \"Well...\" Payton thought back to earlier that morning. \"Theres not much to say. We bumped into each other, and..yeah..\" \"But he was fit yeah?\" Molly grinned, walking out of the bathroom and grabbing a pair of high heels. Payton nodded dramatically. \"gorgeous!\" \"Well thats all that matters aint it?\" Molly winked \"Ugh!\" Payton laughed slapping her friend. \"You ready then?\" Molly asked Payton as she finsihed lacing up her shoes. Payton nodded and they were off to the club. The two girls strolled into the club and looked around for the guys. Not seeing them the two walked futher in and grabbed a nearby table. \"What can I get for you ladies?\" A waiter came up to them \"Um, vodka and redbull.\" Molly answered pulling of her coat, and nudging Payton who was still looking around the crowded room. Payton snapped back. \"Sorry?\" she said confused. \"A drink? Can I get you one?\" The man said. \"Oh no thanks..\" Payton declined. \"Even if I bought you one?\" The waiter winked. Payton laughed. \"No, thank you though.\" \"Alright, ill be back with your drink then\" He flashed Molly a smile and then winked at Payton. \"You sleeze! Gettin all the attention\" Molly winked sticking out her tongue. \"There you two are!\" The two heard from in front of them. \"Oliver!\" Molly grinned getting up and kissing his cheek. \"Where are you lot? We looked around for you\" \"Over there. C'mon sit with us\" Oliver said grabbing Molly's hand and manufering the two to the table. The girls were having a blast as the firm sang and them danced around. Everything was going perfectly well until Payton noticed a certain tall, handsome boy wear his signature beige trench coat sucking face with a rather slender slutty looking brunette. [Authors Note: Hope it wasn't too lame! Next one should be up soonish? Maybe. Hopefully! Please Review ][Chapter 3] Authors Note: heya! Just was bored at la chaumière, so I wrote it. Hope you enjoy:) ? Payton looked dumbfounded toward the pair. Both shocked and confused Payton quickly averted her eyes and poked Molly on the side. Payton pointed her head in their direction. \"Ugh! Ill show him somethin'!\" Molly exclaimed taking a step forward. Payton shook her head while grabbing her arm gently \"Dont worry about it, its not like we were dating\" Payton hastily reminded Molly, and herself. \"What a sleaze! Dont worry about him, theres about a hundred blokes here that are practically drooling over you!\" Molly pointed out. Payton let out a chuckle. \"I think im going to head home, im really tired and i have a sudden need to puke.\" \"Aww...c'mon Pay, dont let him ruin the night!\"Molly frowned. \"No really, I am tired\" Payton reassured her. \"Call me?\" Molly requested. Payton nodded happily and gave her friend a smile, appreciating Molly's concern. \"Ill see you\" she quickly kissed her friends cheek and turned to leave. Not knowing that Pete and his new toy were headed straight toward them, Payton accidently walked into the girl on Pete's shoulder. \"Sorry..\" Payton apologized. \"No worraes.\" The girl replied, chewing her pink gum rather obnoxiously. Payton's composure was completely in line, until she saw Pete's face. He looked sad, defeated almost. Their eyes connected for a moment until Pete turned his gaze back to the girl. Payton rubbed her lips together repeating to herself that it was only one date, only one guy didnt care. She looked away too and made her way forcefully out of the busy club. A week or so had passed since the club incident, and Payton didnt speak or hear about Pete. But that didnt mean he was far from her thoughts. Did I do something wrong? Payton often wondered to herself. It just so happened that on a bright friday morning, unusual for England, Payton was again thinking about what her and Pete talked about on their last…and only date. \"Can I take your order?\" The cashier asked, pulling Payton back to reality. \"Oh...um, chai tea latte\" Payton said giving the cashier money. As Payton walked to the counter to wait for her latte, she noticed that uncomfortable feeling when you know someone is staring at you. She shyly looked around the small coffee shop, catching the eye of an unexpected male. \"You caught me..\" Gabriel put his hands up as if to surrender and got up from his seat. Payton gave him a confused smile. \"Just wanted to make sure I wasnt near you as you got your coffee. I wouldnt want to make you spill all of it again.\" Gabriel gave her a grin, showing a glimpse of his pearly whites. \"You dont have to worry about that this time. Im a bit more self aware\" Payton let out a chuckle. \"Good\" Gabriel winked. Payton blushed taking in his handsome face again. \"latte\" Payton heard faintly behind her. Gabriel walked passed her, handing Payton her latte. \"Thanks..\" Payton's face turned a deeper shade of red. \"I dont really do this often, but would you want to maybe..go out sometime?\" Gabriel asked a bit nervous, but still kept a dashingly charming thought about it for a second. Stay home and binge on ice cream and pizza, or go out with a totally hot guy? Hmmm. \"Sure\" Payton gave her best smile. Gabriel grinned and breathed a small sigh. \"Lovely, is there a good time for you?\" He asked as they walked onto the street. Payton thought over her schedule \"Um...tomorrow too soon?\" \"No, tomorrows perfect\" The two had agreed that hed pick her up at 7 sharp. \"I knew hed ask you out!\" Molly said excitedly over the phone. Payton rolled her eyes. \"Yeah, yeahh..\" she laughed. \"Im coming to your office!\" Molly hung up the phone and sure enough 2 seconds later she was sitting on Payton's desk. \"So...where are you guys going?\" Molly grinned widely. \"Wanna nother drink Pete?\" A busty redhead lazily asked Pete leaning toward him. He nodded and continued his conversation with Matt. She grumbled but hopped out of her seat and headed to the bar. \"What are you doin' with these girls Pete?\" Matt asked worriedly. \"Keeps me busy..\"Pete answered nonchalantly. \"Your dick or your mind?\" Matt snapped back shaking his head. \"Both..\" Pete shrugged, taking the last sip of his beer just as the girl returned with a new one. \"Ello boys\" Molly said happily as she took a seat next to Oliver. Pete looked up slightly and caught a glimpse of Molly's evil glare. \"cunt..\"he heard her whisper. Pete swiftly got up and walked to the bar, ignoring the calls from the young redhead. Payton rushed around her room hurriedly grabbing her other shoe and her favourite lipstick. A buzz soon came from the intercom. \"Hello?\" Payton answered pressing on the intercom and pulling on her shoe. \"Heya, its Gabriel. Im downstairs.\" \"Ill be right down!\" she hastily rounded up her jacket and purse and ran out the door. \"Hey\" Payton smiled widely as she walked closer to Gabriel. \"You look exquisite\" he complimented kissing her cheek. Payton blushed. \"Thanks, you also clean up well too\" Payton winked. The two made their way outside, and to Payton's surprise a black car was parked infront of her building with a driver holding open the door. She didnt think he was that rich. Molly leaned over the bar as she ordered about pint of beer. \"Got another girl tonight Pete, you should do move fast...\" Molly said sourly. \"Get off my back\" Pete groaned. \"You know, Id actually punch you in the face...but then I realize you actually did Payton a favour.\" Pete turned his gaze to her a bit. \"You didnt let her waste her time with an ass like you\" Pete shook his head as Molly walked away with her freshly poured beer. \"Yep...she's already moving on to better... hotter things..\" Molly exited grinning, leaving Pete alone with his beer and wandering thoughts. The date was going wonderfully. Payton, so far, found out that Gabriel was actually born in Amsterdam, but moved to England when he was 5 because of his fathers work. Gabriel just turned 26 and works as a VP for his dad's construction company. His hobbies are rugby, tennis, polo and hiking, and he is allergic to cats and dogs...which was a shame because Payton loved both. \"Excuse me..\" the waiter approached the pair. \"There's a free wine tasting at the bar if you both are interested.\" The waiter informed them and went onto the next table. \"You up for it?\" Gabriel asked, almost challenging. \"Absolutely..\" Payton grinned getting up. 10 different wine samples later, Payton was finding herself feeling a bit tipsy. Gabriel grabbed the nearest wine and poured more into his and Payton's drink. \"Trying to get me drunk..?\" Payton asked raising an eyebrow. \"Hello?\" Molly answered her phone. The loud chit chatter of the firm caused her to leave the bar. \"Hello?\" she said again. \"Hey Molly, I dont think ill be able to go to that outing with you and Oliver today...\" Payton said quietly. \"Oh c'mon! Im already here! And Petes not coming soo..\" Molly frowned. \"Its not that..\" Payton sounded guilty. \"Whats wrong?\" Moly said concerned. \"Im...kind of...in Gabriel's apartment?\" Payton spit out eventually. \"What!\" Molly exclaimed. Payton could feel Molly's eyes widen. \"Shh shh..\" \"You naughty girl!\" Molly grinned jaw wide open. \"Oh shut up! I have to go...\" \"Its my birthday party tomorrow, dont forget!\" \"I wont! Ill call you later\" Payton promised. \"you know you will!\" Molly laughed \"And youre telling me everything..\" \"So what happened?\" Molly grinned, sitting on the sofa and leaning toward Payton. \"There was a wine tasting...and so we had a few glasses.\" Payton began to explain \"What constitutes as a few?\" Molly questioned. \"Um, in the end, around...15 glasses?\" Payton guessed, biting her lip. Molly nodded to continue. \"And, well after the wine tasting we were a bit..tipsy? And then we were in his car, and then you know...his driver drove us to his house...i think thats maybe a sign Gabriel does this often. But i didnt think about that really..and then i guess you know what happened..\" Payton breathed, taking a sip of her tea. \"So! was he good? did he call? is he coming to my party tomorrow?\" Molly asked excitingly jumping in her seat. \"He did call...\" Payton sat up and went to the kitchen. \"So? Whats gonna happen?\" Molly whined wanting to know the everything. \"I dont know..it was fun yesterday. But..I dont know. When I was on the date, even though he was so sweet, I couldnt help but think of Pete! is that bad..?\" Payton let out a nervous laugh. \"Yes it is, you deserve so much better! Okay, you have to invite Gabriel to my party tomorrow, so i can meet him\" Molly beamed. \"Okay, okay Ill invite him..\" Payton reluctantly agreed. \"Mate, youve been mopin' around here for the passed 2 weeks. Shag someone PLEASE\" Ike said, taking a a drag of his smoke. Pete half grinned. \"Thats not a problem mate\" \"No, something else is.\" Matt gave him a disappointing look. \"Ill let you ladies talk about it then\" Ike slapped Pete's back, and walked to the pool tables with the rest of the firm. \"Goddamn Pete. Just talk to her!\" Matt said harshly. \"Let it go man, Im over her anyway.\" Pete lit a smoke breathing in heavily, and sitting back. \"Mhm..yeah.\" \"Look shes obviously goin to Molly's birthday tonight. Youre going, why not apologize, and i dont know..talk about it!\" Matt tried to reason. \"Yeah Yeah\" Pete waved him off. \"Amazing party Molly!\" Payton exclaimed embracing her friend into a hug. \"Thanks hun!\" Molly laughed. \"I hope everything goes well...Is Gabriel coming?\" she asked anxiously. \"He said he might come later\" Payton smiled, Molly jumped up and down, \"Good!\" \"Look there she is\" Matt pointed into he crowd. Pete followed his friends gaze and then spotted her. She looked more beautiful than ever. Wearing a cream lace strapless dress, with her hair was flowing down her shoulder. Pete suddenly felt very very nervous. \"Yeah...well...\" Pete drifted off, and turned around. Matt quickly followed. \"Wait, what are you doin man? Go talk to her!\" Matt demanded. \"Bugger off mate, honestly. Shes...shes just way...Its just way better off without me. Especially with Hatcher..the bloke is crazy\" Pete ordered a drink from the bar. \"Go talk to her!\" Matt said again, pushing Pete toward Payton's direction, Pete quickly grabbed his drink and stumbled forwards. Just then Payton was walking toward the two. She looked a bit shock but kept walking. Hesitantly she gave them a smile. \"Hey Matt..Pete..\" She nodded \"Hey, have you seen Molly?\" Matt asked. \"Yeah, shes in the back with Oliver.\" Payton pointed behind her. \"Better go say hi...ill be right back.\" Matt quickly walked away, but not before giving Pete a stern stare. Payton looked confused as he waked away, but turned her attention back to Pete. \"How are you Pete?\" Payton asked, not sounding too interested, and brushing passed him to the bar. \"Coke and Rum please\" Pete followed her, leaning against the bar counter. \"Busy...\" he lied. \"How about you?\" \"Ive been good, thanks..\" Their was a pause. Pete looking around the bustling party and Payton waiting for her drink \"Great party isnt it?\" Payton asked, awkwardly making small talk. \"It is...Molly must have spent hours on this..\" He agreed. Payton nodded \"She did…\" The conversation quickly fell silent. \"I want to erm, apologize...for not calling or..anything after our date a few weeks ago.\" Pete began. \"It's not a problem Pete.\" Payton shrugged off, sipping on her drink and looking around the crowded room. \"No, it wasnt right, but it had nothing to do with you..I've-\" Pete was cut off by the sudden expression on Payton's face. Her stare was going passed his shoulder, first it was shock then a bit of happiness. He turned around and looked. And there it was...or there he was. A tall blonde, blue eyed bloke walking straight for them. Payton quickly passed Pete, \"Gabriel, hi...you made it.\" She sounded a bit nervous. He grinned happily giving her a quick peck on her lips then grabbing her hands. \"Yeah, well I finished looking over a few things so I came\" He shrugged still smiling down at her. Pete almost felt like puking with this guy's stupid happy attitude. Payton nodded in understanding and then turned to Pete. \"Pete\" She said to him, her voice sounded happy,but her face looked more uncomfortable and worried. \"This is Gabriel...Gabriel this is Pete.\" She had her hand on his forearm, her posture seemed tense Pete noted. \"Nice to meet you\" Gabriel happily said extending his hand. \"You too..\" Pete bit his lip slightly, and shook his hand. \"Well, I think I should introduce you to Molly, shes dying to meet you\" Payton let her lips tweak into a smile. \"Talk to you later Pete?\" He nodded. \"yeah yeah..\" \"Nice meeting you..\" Gabriel half heartedly waved not waiting for an answer and turned to Payton, now a hand around her waist. \"cheers...\" Pete said and turned back to the bar. \"..cunt...\" he murmured chugging his glass of beer. \"Ill take another beer\" Authors Note: Avoir un bon jour! Please review if you have time: )[Chapter 4] Authors Note: Ey: ) so haven't been here in a while! This isn't a very long chapter, but hopefully its worth while! I hope to be updating soon, but I am getting quite busy to we'll see! Enjoy! Thanks to Ithilya, Yakitori-Chan, Sinead-Cullen-4ev,Alexis Gage, Twilighterheart, Skiffle-Rose, and Little Miss Bovver for the reviews! It's much appreciated! It had been a week and a half since Gabriel and Payton first had their date. They were going well too, Gabriel was a sweet guy and Payton needed that kind of thoughtfulness. Sure she thought about Pete here and there, but what was the point in liking him when he clearly didn't like her? She left like she was in high school again, and Pete was the untouchable football player! But Payton tried to keep her mind on work, fashion shows, and dates with Gabriel. It was on a particular day that Payton found out something she thought she'd never encounter. \"Hey, im off early…gonna head to Gabriel's place a bit early…surprise him.\" Payton gave Molly a small smile. Molly winked \"Rawr!\" Payton laughed \"see you later..\" she began to walk away. \"Oi! You comin to the pub later?\" Molly rolled her chair out of her office to catch Payton turning around. She shrugged. \"Maybe maybe we'll see!\" \"Ill call you when I find out.\" Payton entered Gabriel's fancy building and jumped into an open elevator. She was particularly happy today, because it was unusually sunny and warm outside, not the usual drowsy weather. She hummed as she exited the elevator and made it down the long hallway leading to Gabriel's apartment. She hardly noticed as a tall thin woman bumped into her causing both of their purses to fall. \"Sorry!\" Payton said picking up her bag and looking up to see a high cheeked, brown haired young woman give her a small grimaced stare. \"Not a problem..\" The woman said before promptly brushing passed her and moving on. B-itch. Payton thought to herself, suddenly taking back her apology. Canadians did apologize far too much. Finally making it to Gabriel's door Payton dusted herself unconsciously before knocking on his door. She waited a few seconds before Gabriel answered the door, shirtless with a smirk on his face. \"Miss me al-\" Gabriel stopped as he saw a very confused looking Payton staring at him. \"Payton..\" He said surprised. \"What are you doing here?\" He furrowed his eyebrows before closing the door a bit more and leaning forward. \"I..uh..just wanted to surprise you..maybe get some lunch.\" Payton said eyeing Gabriel up and down, now noticing him in his boxers. \"Well it is a surprise..listen I was just getting ready to head to a meeting..\" Gabriel sounded nervous Payton nodded. It then snapped into her thick skull. Girl. Miss me alrea-dy? Shirtless. Boxers. Nervous. It made perfect sense. \"We can do dinner tonight. Your pick\" Gabriel smirked at his in his usual confidence. Payton pressed her lips together and smiled a bit. \"Right..well.. considering you are ever so clearly seeing other people, I think itd be best if we DON'T\" Payton turned around. \"Wait, Payton!\" Gabriel ran after her and pulled her around. \"It was just this one time thing! Im sorry!\" Gabriel held her hands tight and looked regretfully into her eyes. She thought for a moment. \"Guess it can be of like, a two time thing since you won't be seeing anymore of me\" Taking back her arm to walked swiftly to the opening elevator doors. Payton didn't know what to feel as she walked down the streets of London, roaming aimlessly. She shouldve been fuming right? She liked Gabriel sure, but why wasn't she mad? Why did she feel slightly relieved? Her legs moved instinctively around people and across the streets until it was no longer sunny and warm outside. Soon she became aware of her surroundings and was horrified to learn that she had no idea where she was. Panicking she hailed a taxi and got dropped off at Pete and his friend's pub. Hesitantly she walked up the stairs and searched around the small pub to find Molly. Relieved when she spotted her in the corner with her brother Payton walked toward them both. As if Molly could feel Payton's presence she looked up and greeted her with a smile. \"hey! Wheres Gabriel?\" She got up and hugged her friend. Payton laughed quietly \"Don't know, don't care\" She sat down at an unoccupied seat. She didn't notice Matt listening keenly to their conversation. \"What?\" Molly asked, dumbfounded. Plumping down across her friend. \"Got any beer round here?\" She turned around and pointed to the pub owner for another pint. He grinned nodding in return. \"Payton..Payton\" Molly slapped her friends hand. \"Ow..\" Payton grabbed a lit smoke from the table and breathed in. \"What happened?\" Molly looked concerned as Payton downed a glass of beer and took another drag. She shrugged. \"Nothing….\" A long pause fell over them before she began again. \"I just found him cheating that's all..\" Payton poured herself another drink. \"What?...You mean…Gabriel? .?\" Molly stared at her friend in disbelief. \"yeah..well..people can be deceiving.\" Payton shrugged and put out the smoke. \"I feel like dancing, wanna dance with me Mol?\" Payton stood up and offered her friend a hand. Molly looked uneasily at her friend's behaviour. \"Are you sure you don't want to talk about it?\" Payton shook her head lightly, the sound of the music pulling her towards the middle of the pub. \"Comee on!\" Molly took her hand and swiftly walked to the crowd of girls by the bar. \"Hey there Dunham\" A man nodded in Pete's direction. Pete nodded as well before he strode into the pub, the smell of beer and smoke immediately filling his bruised lungs. The sounds of his friend's cheer instantly caught his attention. He began to head toward their usual table when abruptly the laugh of a familiar girl caught his ear and heaved his eyes toward her. There she was, dancing with Molly in the middle of a drunken fest group of girls and horny blokes. She moved with the music, her hips swaying side to side. He was entranced. \"Oi! Pete!\" Dave ushered his friend over to their table. Pete shook his invisible rains off and made his way toward his firm, eyes not daring to look back. \"How are ya mate?\" Swill shook his friends. \"Good good, how are you boys?\" Pete said in his usual confidence pulling off his jacket and throwing it down on the couch, himself following suit. \"Hey Pete..\" Matt said in an eager tone, catching his attention. Pete looked in his direction giving him a side glance as a que to go on. \"So, I overheard Payton and Molly talkin'. Looks like she's single, that guy Gabriel cheated on her apparently.\" Matt informed him. Pete head cocked to the right, catching the still dancing Payton. \"Nah mate…impossible.\" He shook his head and took a sip of his freshly poured beer. \"Seriously Pete…\" Payton closed her eyes, taking in the music's rhythm…making sure it was in sync with her hips. After a few songs had passed Payton's life seemed to pour back into her mind, and she couldn't help but picture Gabriel kissing another girl. Moving her body faster and shaking her head around didn't help the images leave either. \"Im gonna get some air!\" Payton told Molly pointing back to the door. Her friend nodded keeping an eye on her as she left. The cool air sent liberation to the hot sweat running across her neck and face. Leaning on the hard brick wall of the pub she closed her eyes and tried to fight the thoughts rush back into her head. Unexpectedly a light vibration game from inside Payton's clutch. Without even opening her eyes she opened her purse and pulled out her phone. \"Hello…\" She said tiredly \"Payton..Its Gabriel..\" Matt nudged Pete as he took another sip of his beer, causing to look in the direction of his stare. The mix between slight depression and drunkenness made Pete shrug in defeat and finished up the last few gulps of beer…adding a few shots for good measure. All eyes of the firm were on Pete as he got up and geared his way toward the door. First came shock then came annoyance. \"Hi\" Came Payton's usual response. Yet this time she said it dryly and without interest. \"I want to see you..\" Gabriel sounded desperate…but who knows. Payton really didn't know what to say…why say anything at all? \"Payton…please. I made a mistake. Cant we just talk bout it?\" Gabriel spoke softly…like his usual self. \"I don't know…\" Payton opened her slowly, grabbing her hair and pulling it up; letting the cool nights breeze brush passed her skin. \"Just talk to me…tomorrow? Anytime you want\" Payton heard a stumble from the stairs beside her, looking up to see the ever so famous Pete Dunham. \"Thing is I don't want to talk with you\" Payton closed her phone and pushed herself off the stone wall. \"Hi Pete..\" Payton took a few steps so she was facing him. He took a few steps down reaching the pavement as well. \"Hey Payton.\" The sound of her name never did seem so sweet. Finally the thoughts of Gabriel and his \"mistress\" were flushed away and she was entranced. \"I need to tell you something…\" Authors Note: Ohh Cliffhanger? Merci encore. L'espoir pour vous voir bientôt. Revue! : ) xox[Chapter 5] A/N: It has been a long long time since i last wrote a chapter! I am incredibly sorry! Real life has taken over and I have been quite busy! I just recently had spare time and read all your reviews! Thank you all so much. I hope you are still interested in this story! Only a couple more chapters left I feel. Anyways, I hope you enjoy! \"I've been a complete git\" Pete breathed out, walking closer to Payton. \"And I mean complete, asshole, cunt, git.\" They were close now, only a few centimeters apart. \"Yeah, you have.\" She breathed out a small laugh. Pete gave his famous half smirk, hands in his coat pockets. Payton eyed him a bit, and leaned back against the cold brick wall. She stared at her feet, only now noticing the slight pain coming from her heels. Pete leaned his side against the wall as well, staring at her intensely. A few seconds passed in silence. Payton trying to snap out of her drunkenness and Pete not exactly knowing what to say; nervous..very unlike him. \"Look, Payton..theres a few things you dont know bout me\" She looked up at him, furrowing her eyebrows. \"Well, its not like we spent much time together..\" He mentally kicked himself, yep, that would be his fault. \"Important things..\" He somewhat corrected himself. Her eyes urged him to move on. \"I want to tell you stuff..but..\" He trailed off, biting his lip and leaning his back against the wall as well. His eyes moved to a few men exiting the bar, he nodded to them. \"Not some kind of murderer, gangbanger are you?\" Payton tried to defuse the obvious tension. Pete chuckled, shaking his eye. \"Nah, not quite\" A long second went by. How was he supposed to word it? 'Oi by the way I'm the head of a football firm, and some bloke wants to hurt you to get back at me and my bra' Real slick. \"Look, Pete, if you don't want to tell me..\" Payton pushed herself off the wall and walked a step infront of Pete. \"..then don't tell me\" He didn't say anything, the alcohol clearly causing his brain to function a bit slower. Payton waited a second and started to walk back to the pub. \"Hey, hey\" Pete called after her, him too pushing himself off the walk and striding toward Payton. She turned. \"Can we talk about this tomorrow?\" He asked. Payton thought for a second. \"We could, or you can just tell me now?\" She folded her arms lightly, standing her ground. Pete let out an aggravated groan, and walked to the curb and seated himself on the edge. \"You know..Dave, Ike, Swill, Marcus, Bovver, and even Matt, they are like my brothers.\" Payton sat down beside him, staring at the perplexed expression plastered on his face. She nodded, understanding. He looked at her, a sort of worried expression on his face. \"I have their backs no matta what.\" \"Yeah, you guys are like a family\" Payton said. A few seconds passed, Payton staring at Pete and Pete staring across the street. \"I'm in a firm\" He blurted out, turning his gaze to the left, shielding his face from her. \"A firm?\" \"Yeah, A football firm\" He returned his eyes back across the street. \"A football firm, is that bad?\" Payton raised her eyebrow, coming from outside of Europe was really kicking her ass right now. He turned to face her, \"It can be, yeah\" \"So, it's like, what? A gang?\" \"Kind of...I mean, no. We don't go around killing other guys. It's about reputation. Each team in football has a firm. I'm apart of the GSE... green street elite.\" \"So...\" Payton eyed him, trying to figure out the expression that was on his face. \"There's a guy named Tommy Hatcher, real bastard. He's the head of the firm in Millwall.\" Payton urged him to continue. \"Millwall and Westham hate eachother more than any other firm. Tommy Hatcher lost his son during a rustle at a match awhile back.\" \"That's horrible\" Payton's eyes saddened. \"After that he went a bit insane. Reckless. Anyways, Keith got into a bit of a scrap with him, and Tommy went after his wife\" \"Can't they tell police? How can he do that? They can arrest him!\" Payton sadness turned into rage. Pete shook his head, \"They tried, couldn't get any evidence he did it..\" Pete turned his neck and looked at her. \"That is the awful..how could he do that..\" Payton breathed out a long sigh. \"I just..I dont want you to get hurt\" Pete looked away again, leaving Payton's gaze. \"Pete..\" She lightly placed her hand on the back of his neck he turned to her. \"Is that why you started to ignore me?\" He nodded in response. Payton pouted her lip \"Aw Pete..\" She leaned in and kiss him lightly on the lips, too quickly for Pete to respond. \"You are an idiot\" A/N: Just a short chapter to get things going again! Sorry if it sucked haha, havent written in a long time! Hope you review! Have a good one guys. xo[Chapter 6] A/N: Hiyaa ! So like i promised i updated! Hope ya'll enjoy it! Want to thank you for the reviews and all the reads! A few minutes passed while Pete continued to explain what a firm is, and their history. Payton butted in a few times to ask questions, but stayed relatively quiet. \"Okay, so let me get this straight. You, Pete Dunham, are a head of WestHam's football firm. Your brother was known as the..Major? He started the firm when you were younger, until he left the GSE after the fight against..Millwall. You fight other firms after matches, because of reputation?\" Pete nodded \"That is..\" Payton paused \"Pete..Pete that is really dangerous. Fighting, especially if you are outnumbered, is dangerous..you could be killed.\" as the words spilled from her mouth Pete began to shake his head. \"It's not bout that. It's bout havin the guy beside mes back. It's about standing your ground, no matta what\" Pete said it with such pride, \"It's what we live for\" Payton was torn, she wanted to slap him, tell him he's a damn fool for believing in such a thing...but on the other hand she wanted to hug him, kiss him and tell him she'll be by his side no matter what. She stared at her fidgeting hands for a few moments, and then finally stole a look at Pete. His eyes were on hers \"I dont expext ya to understand. It's what I've grown up with\" He shrugged Payton gave him a sad smile, \"I just dont want you to get hurt, Pete\" Her smile turned a bit happier as he gave her a side smirk. She could almost melt. \"I'm not saying I believe in what you do..\" His grin faded a bit \"but..I know it means the world to you..and you boys are like a family\" \"That's what it's all about..bein there for em\" Pete lowered his eyes to his hands and the shiny gold ring he hand on his right finger, a short moment passed \"You're the first girl I've told\" Payton was a little taken aback, but was quickly overcome with flattery. Pete seemed to be at his most vulnerable now, he was unsure, all his secrets totally laid out on the table. Payton just couldn't resist any longer. She placed her small hand on his cheek, causing him to look up. She moved her lips toward his, he doing the same, and their lips crashed. It was innocent, gentle but full of adoration. Payton pushed her lips harder against his, relishing the moment. Pete gently positioned both of his hands on the sides of her face. After a few short moments they parted, but lingered close to one another. \"Pretty good first kiss eh?\" Payton breathed out, letting out a quick chuckle. \"Second kiss\" Pete corrected with a devilish grin. \"Right..second kiss\" Payton smiled, pushing her lips gently against Pete's once again. \"So this is a real date right? You're not gonna run off again?\" Payton teased, walking along side Pete. He shook his head, \"Neva gonna let me forget bout that are ya?\" Payton beamed up at him. \"Take me for a few more dates and I might\" \"Yeah, yeah\" Pete threw his arm over her shoulder. It had been around two weeks since that night at the pub, and Pete and Payton were going steady. While they both worked, they often texted one another and more or less every night saw eachother, whether it was the pub or at eachother's apartments. Things were good. Pete and a group of boys started to run out from the school doors toward the field. Payton smiled as she heard Pete sing along with his class. The boys ran ahead as Pete finally noticed Matt, Molly and Payton sitting on the bleachers. Payton grinned toward him, ignoring Matt and Molly's chatter, and she gave him a quick wink. Pete chuckle to himself, giving her a cheeky grin in return. \"Oi, , is she with you?\" One of the boys asked looking from Payton to Pete, \"that girl is fit\" He added, nudging his friend with his arm. \"Her friend too\" Another said \"Mint\" Another boy chimed in, a large grin on his face. Pete joined them, all staring toward the bleachers. A few seconds passed when suddenly Pete could hear whispering from the group, only catching the words \"rack\" and \"arse\". He furrowed his eyebrows and came out of his small daydream, \"Oi\" he threw a ball at one of the boys heads gently. \"Get on the field, warm up\" Pete pushed a few boys out toward the bag of footballs, the rest following. \"How'd he manage to get a lass like that!\" He could hear another one say \"Top notch\" said another. \"Yeah, yeah, you slags get going!\" Pete bellowed out, trying to fight the grin creeping on his face. The boys all laughed, some looking back and puckering their lips. Pete shook his head as he made his way to Payton, Matt and Molly. \"Hello \" Molly said sarcastically, smiling \"Yeah, yeah\" Pete shrugged walking to Payton and kissing her cheek quickly. She looked up at him with a large smile. \"The boys seem to love you\" Payton said to Pete, wrapping her arm around his waist. \"Not as much as they love you \" Pete grinned. Payton's eyebrow lifted, curious. \"Are ya ready for em?\" Pete nodded toward Matt. Matt gave a shy grin and shrugged while tying his shoes, \"Shouldn't be too bad right? They are all like 12 year olds\" Matt laughed, Pete and Molly rolled their eyes. \"Are you girls stayin to watch the show?\" Pete asked, grinning \"I think Payton and I are gonna hit up some stores, leave you boys to play\" Molly winked. \"Ight, call me lata then?\" Pete asked Payton she nodded. Molly slapped Matt on the back, \"Go get em tiger\" Pete laughed, and then lowered his lips toward Payton's, but to his surprise she moved her head back. \"Pete, your kids are right there..\" She said, embarrassed. Pete glanced over his shoulder, seeing his class watching them intently. \"They don't mind\" Pete gave her a grin. Payton shook her head and instead gave a quick kiss on Pete's cheek. \"I'll call you. Have fun you two.\" Pete and Matt watched them go. \"Oi, lads, c'mere. I wanna introduce you to a friend\" Pete shouted giving his best American accent, him and Matt walked back onto the field. \"Why can't you introduce us to those friends ?\" One boy asked, the others laughing. \"Are you sure you have to go?\" \"It's United away, we gotta go\" Pete threw on his signature beige trench. \"Will you call me when you get there?\" Payton gave a puppy dog face, Pete gave a small frown. \"Okay, okay…when you are on your way back atleast. Want to make sure you're okay\" Pete leaned over her and gave her a quick kiss. \"Iight, I'll give ya a ring\" Pete grinned Payton in return presenting a nervous smile. \"I'll be on my best behavior.\" Pete reassured, Payton's heart lifted. \"But I can't say the same for em Manchester boys\" Payton's heart sunk once again. Pete leaned back up and walked toward the door, Payton following. \"You seem nervous..\" Payton alleged. Pete turned while grabbing the doorknob, \"Me? Nervous. Yeah fuckin right\" Payton half smiled. \" Ill see you lata\" Pete kissed her again before exited her apartment. Payton sat with Molly at the pub waiting for the boys to get back from their game at Manchester. \"Have you heard from any of them yet?\" Payton asked nervously, checking her phone. Molly clasped her fidgeting hand \"It's fine Payton, really. They are just enjoying the match that's all\" Molly tried to reassure her. Payton nodded, \"Yeah…yeah. I'm just worried that's all\" Molly nodded in agreement, \"You get used to worrying..but they are fine, I'm sure of it. They can handle themselves\" Just then Payton's phone began to ring. \"Hello?\" \"Ello love\" She heard Pete's striking voice on the other side \"Pete, hi.\" She breathed a sigh. \"How are you?\" \"Fine, fine.\" Payton could tell he was grinning. \"We're on our way now, hows bout I meet you at my place around half passed 7?\" \"Yeah, I'll see you then\" They both hung up. Molly looked at her curiously. \"They're on their way back, I'm gonna go meet Pete. You okay here?\" Molly gave a happy nod, \"Go on, I think I can make conversation with the prick at the bar\" She looked at Terry and grinned, he winked back. \"I'll see you guys back here lata then?\" \"Probably!\" Payton kissed her cheek. \"Later!\" Payton got to Pete's apartment and knocked lightly on the door. A few seconds passed before Pete's bright smile was in plain view. She immediately grabbed Pete's face, examining the bruises around his eyes and cheeks. \"Oh Pete\" He held her hands in his, \"It looks worse than it is, hardly feel a thing\" His words hardly comforted her. \"All of Manchester's firm was waitin outside the station for us, round 20 blokes! We fuckin smashed em all! It was brilliant! Fucking ell. It was all thanks to Matt..fuckin wicked idea he had\" Pete beamed at the thought. \"I don't want to hear about it..\" Payton removed her hands and walked into Pete's apartment. Pete frowned, following her and closing the door. \"Hey..\" Pete walked caught up to her. \"Hey\" Payton turned around. \"Alright, we won't talk bout it.\" Pete was about to change the subject. \"I'm serious Pete. I can't look at you without thinking about it.\" Payton took a seat on his couch. Pete let out an aggravated groan, sitting on the coffee table in front of her. \"What do ya want me to do?\" Payton just looked at him, he knew the answer. \"Well, do ya wanna break up then?\" \"Don't be stupid Pete\" Payton paused. \"I'm still not used to it..just..just give me some time\" Pete reached for her hand and squeezed it tightly. \"I know it's hard for ya, but I'm fine really. I got a thick skull\" Pete grinned, rubbing her hands gently. Payton looked at him, \"I know\" Pete chuckled, letting out a small snarl and then wrapping his arms around Payton's small frame. Payton squealed, laughing. Pete straddled her, both of them trying to regain control. Pete being twice her size overpowered her with ease. Payton let out a heavy sigh, but smiled up at him. Pete lowered his lips clasping them onto hers, Payton responded; kissing back and widening her mouth. Payton soon moved her lips to his neck and then his ear. He groaned while lifting her shirt, and after worked to remove his own, Payton helping. It took Payton by surprise as Pete lifted her off the couch and into his strong arms. She let out a small laugh, and wrapped her legs around his waist. \"You know this won't always work when I'm mad..\" Payton eyed him. Pete grinned, kissing her and moving them to the bedroom. \"Sure getting popular with them ladies aren't you Matt?\" Payton smiled at Matt, who again received another number from another girl. Matt grinned, sipping his beer. He shrugged. Ike clasped his shoulder, \"The yank gets more numbers than me!\" \"Well that's cause youre a disgusting pig, mate\" Pete spat, grinning. Ike soon charged him, laughing and picking Pete above the ground. Another couple weeks had passed and it seemed as though Matt was part of the firm. He eventually even was branded with the Westham's crest on his chest. It got a bit easier for Payton seeing all the boys, especially Pete's, smashed faces. She still worried everytime there was a match, or even if the boys were out drinking in other towns, but Molly was helping her calm her nerves. Payton sat at her desk, today was a big day. The matches were being announced today, and she knew all the boys were listening intently to their radios and tv's. An hour passed since she was at work until her phone began to vibrate. \"We got Millwall! We gotta go to the pub tonite, celebrate. Come to my place after work ya?\" Payton read Pete's text. She knew he was likely ecstatic, along with his firm, but she had a gut feeling this wasn't going to end well. \"Can you believe it!\" Pete picked Payton up as soon as he opened his apartment door. He spun her around and kissed her eagerly. She smiled at his overjoyed grin. He set her down, and rubbed his shaved head, still grinning and took a seat. \"fuckin ell! Millwall against Westham…\" He looked up at her \"We've been waiting for this\" Payton kissed his cheek, \"I know.\" She grinned. Payton rolled on her side, inhaling a long breathe. She was exceptionally comfortable; laying under a strong forearm. Payton flickered open her eyes to see Pete's sleeping face. She closed her eyes once more smiling to herself. Snuggling in closer to took in his scent and enjoyed the warmth of his body. Only a few moments passed before Payton could feel Pete rustle around. Payton looked and saw Pete blink a few times, before staring down at her. \"Ello love\" rubbing her bare back. \"Hi\" she smiled, pushing herself up and laying on her stomach. Pete moved to his side resting his head in his hand. Pete turned his head, looking at the time and turned back to her. \"Shall we head to the pub? The boys are probably well fucked by now\" Payton sighed, \"My boss wants a quick meeting for Monday's photoshoot.\" \"On a Saturday night? Your boss is a wanker\" Payton rolled her eyes, \"Yeah, yeah. But I could use a shower before I leave\" Payton raised an eyebrow suggestively. \"We better get to it then\" He replied, lifting up the blankets exposing themselves. \"We?\" She gasped, pretending to be surprised \"These English tubs can be a bit tricky, wouldn't want ya to be confused. I best help ya\" Pete grinned as he rushed Payton out of bed. \"Will I see you later then?\" Pete asked while wrapping a red towel around his waist. Payton continued to put on her shoes, \"It shouldn't take more than a couple hours. I can meet you at the pub?\" She asked, getting up and walking toward him. She eyed him up and down. \"I like that towel, it suits you. Westham colors\" Pete grinned, extending his arms to his side, examining himself as well. \"I could take it off so you can examine it better?\" Payton laughed, wrapping her arms around his waist. \"Next time\" She grinned. \"I'll see you in a few\" Pete winked, \"Iight latas\" kissing her quickly. \"Well I'll see you Monday then Mary\" Payton smiled to her colleague. The woman nodded and waved goodbye just as Payton's phone began to buzz. \"Hello?\" \"Payton. Payton, it's Molly\" She sounded worried. \"You alright Mol-\" \"Payton, a fight broke out at the pub tonight.\" \"What?\" Payton eyes grew a bit wider. \"What happened? Is everything alright? Is Pete alright?\" Molly paused for a moment, her voice catching in her throat. \"Is Pete alright?\" Payton repeated. \"He's fine, he's fine\" Payton breathed a sigh of relief. \"The pub is completely ruined. Tommy Hatcher and his boys came in a set the place on fire, with the guys in it. There was a huge brawl and..\" Payton waited, \"And?\" \"And Pete's brother got hurt. He's went to the emergency room just a half hour ago\" \"Oh my god\" Payton closed her eyes, her hand gently on her lips. \"how bad is it?\" She hardly wanted an answer. \"Oliver said Tommy stabbed him in the throat\" Payton winced. \"What hospital? I'm going there now\" A/N: Hihi! So if you're amazing you'll review:) kiddin, just reading this is nice enough! Only 2 more chapters I believe left ! GAH. Anyways, yeah, I'll chat with ya later! xoxo[Chapter 7] Payton rushed into the Hospital, searching around for Pete. Finally she saw him, he was sitting on the small waiting chairs head in his hands, with Matt close to his side. \"Pete\" Payton breathed out, barely a whisper. He looked up and immediately walked toward her. His sad, bloodshot eyes piercing into her own. They embraced, the two holding each other tightly. \"I'm so sorry\" she murmured into his chest. Holding the back of his head, rubbing it slowly. He didn't say anything she knew he wouldn't. Payton let go of him slightly and examined his face. Bruises started to form around his cheek and jawbone, blood was splattered around his eyes. Payton stroked his cheek, his eyes were on her but she could tell his thoughts were elsewhere. She hugged him again. They sat for a long while in complete silence, her hands tightly clasped on his. Matt went to the phone a few times, but Pete hardly moved except biting his nails every once in awhile. An hour or so must have passed, without much news of his brother. They were told he was sleeping, and still in serious condition, but the doctors said he'd be okay with rehabilitation. \"You should go home Payton\" Pete said to her, then placed his elbows on his knees rubbing his head in his hands. \"I can stay\" Payton said quietly. Pete shook his head. \"I need to talk to the boys, see how they are all doing. See if the pub is alright\" \"I'll come with you..\" He shook his head again. \"I'll call you in the morning\" He got up, as did she. Payton stared at him for a long while, his eyes were blood shot and his cheeks were beginning to swell. \"I'll be fine, my boys need me\" Payton nodded. Pete kissed her softly. \"You'll call me if theres any news?\" Pete nodded slowly. \"I love you\" It was the first time she said it to him, and he looked a bit taken back. He wrapped his arms around her, and kissed her head. She looked up at him, his hands holding her face gently. Payton held his hands in hers. \"I love you.\" He lowered his head and kissed her softly. \"I'll give you a ring lata, okay?\" She nodded and reluctantly left Pete and Matt. Payton rolled over in her bed, and stretched. She winced as the sun beamed in through the window hitting her eyes. It took her a few seconds to realize what had happened yesterday. Payton then shot out of bed, throwing over her covers and raced to her phone. 1 new message, she pressed the button anxiously. \"Hey, it's me\" Pete's voice began. Payton breathed a sigh of relief, but she soon became worried as she noticed his voice was nervous and sad. \"I might not be able to see you today. Gonna go take care of some stuff. Don't worry though, nothing too serious. Will you do me a favor and pop by the hospital today? See if my brother's okay?\" Payton began to worry even more \"I'll call you lata, yeah?\" A short pause \"I love you Payton.\" Another pause \"Yeah, iight love, I'll see you. Bye\" Click. Payton dialed Pete's number, but it was off. Her thoughts rushed, where would he be? The pub? No. School? It's a Sunday. Apartment? Likely. Payton threw on a shirt and jeans and raced out the door. Payton ran up the stairs leading to Pete's door as fast as she could. '216' she started knocking on it. \"Pete?\" She said. No answer. She then banged on it once, letting out an exacerbated grown. \"You alright love?\" Payton heard from a short distance away, she turned her head. An old woman stood infront of her door, holding a small cat. \"Hi. Um, have you seen the man who lives here today?\" \"Oh\" The old woman thought for a moment \"Heard 'im leave this mornin'\" Payton's bit her lip. \"Thanks\" She said, rushing passed the woman toward the stairs. \"Round 8:30 I fink!\" The woman yelled after her. \"Thanks!\" Payton bellowed again. Payton grabbed her cellphone from her purse and quickly dialed Molly's number. After a few short rings she picked up. \"Molly!\" \"Payton, I was just about to call you\" \"Molly, Pete left a really weird message on my phone..he's not at his apartment and it's a Sunday so he can't be at the school..\" Payton's thoughts went into overload as she finally made it to the street level and hailed a taxi. \"Ollie did the same thing..and I've tried his cell so many times..\" They both were quiet. \"What do you think is happening Payton?\" Molly's voice was shaking; frightened. Payton thought for a few moments, \"I think they're going to find Tommy Hatcher..\" A/N: Well HELLO ! Just wanted to update real quick ! I hope you enjoyed this little tidbit of the story! Please Read&Review; ! Much appreciated :)[Chapter 8] A/N: Not going to lie but I think Ima doing well updating, no? Ive been traveling a little bit but have gotten a lot of time to relax so I've been writing! I hope you enjoy these last couple chapters:) R&R; ! love. \"Molly can I meet you at your apartment?\" Payton asked, getting into the cab. \"Yeah, yeah, we can take my car\" Molly said, her voice was rushed and shaky. \"See you soon then\" What seemed like hours, Payton had finally made her way to Molly's flat. Getting out of the car Payton could see Molly standing by her door. They greeted eachother immediately, hugging eachother tightly. \"Where do you think they could be?\" Payton asked, the two now walking toward Molly's car. Molly looked around, as if to see which direction they should go in. \"Maybe Matt's sister's house? I don't know..\" Payton nodded, \"Yeah, let's try there...then the hospital?\" Molly started the car. A few short minutes passed and they were outside of Shannon's flat. Payton got out quickly and started knocking on the door. She turned around to look at Molly now rushing out of the car. \"This is her house for sure?\" Molly stood by the open car door. \"Do you think she's at the hospital?\" Payton bit her lip and jogged back to the car. \"Lets go to the hospital\" \"I'm just so worried about them Payton..\" Molly pressed her lips together, her hands visibly shaking on the car steering wheel. Payton rested her hand on hers, and patted it gently; soothing her. \"We''ll find them Mol, it'll be fine, really\" Payton tried to believe the words herself. The two arrived at the hospital and both rushed out of the door, asking one of the nurses where Steve Dunham's room was. Payton and Molly raced down the hallway trying to find room 165. \"Payton\" Molly said in a hushed tone, Payton spun around as Molly waved her over. The pair peaked around the doorframe and saw Steve laying on the bed, his neck patched with heaps of bandages and various tubes connecting to his arms. Payton coughed softly, Steve moving his eyes toward them. \"Hi Steve\" Steve blinked slowly and slightly nodded. Molly followed Payton further into the room. \"Steve..were looking for Pete and Oliver. Do you know where they could be?\" Steve's mouth twitched before he pressed them together. He avoided their eyes. \"Steve, if you know something can you just..say it?\" Payton walked toward the side of his bed and squeezed his hand. \"We're both so worried\" Molly piped in, still behind them. Steve shut his eyes. \"Please..they could get hurt, and I know you dont want anything to happen to your brother..\" Steve opened his eyes slowly and turned his eyes to them. It took a few seconds but he finally let out a raspy \"Terry\" \"Terry?\" Molly's voice came from behind them. Payton stared at Steve's tear filled eyes. \"He knows something?\" He nodded slowly. Payton looked back at Molly who she could tell was ready to run out of there. \"Thank you\" Payton gave him a small smile, which he returned, before both her and Molly swiftly made their way to the car. \"What do you think he knows?\" Molly asked her voice slightly cracking. Payton shook her head, \"I dont know, lets just get there\" \"Terry?\" Molly banged on the now burnt pub door. They heard a few shuffles and broken glass cracking and objects moving rubbing around the floor. The door opened and Terry stood, his eyes tired looking and his clothes disheveled. \"Terry..we're looking for the boys\" Molly said, her voice sharp; straight to the point. Terry was about to speak, but Molly butted in \"We know you know something Terry.\" She paused \"Were worried..\" He bit his lip, and shook his head. \"Ah, fuck it. There by Trinity Warf..the shore front.\" \"We have to go\" a feeling came over Payton, a mixture of anxiousness, shock and worry. She knew something was going terribly wrong. \"They left round half after 9..\" Terry added, \"Thank you Terry\" Molly took another step and kissed him quickly on the cheek. \"Be careful, yeah?\" Payton and Molly nodded and ran to the car. \"You know where it is?\" Payton asked getting in \"It's only a short drive away, if I drive fast we can get there in 5 minutes\" Molly started the car. \"Drive fast\" Payton's voice pleaded. Molly swerved around the road, getting there as quick as possibly. In a few minutes they were near the shore, Molly reduced the speed as they both looked around. \"It doesnt look like anything is here..\" Payton looked from side to side trying to find any hint of movement. \"Theres the shore over there\" Molly pointed to the left. Payton undid her seat belt, and opened the door, Molly doing the same. They didn't hear anything, only the shores of the ocean. Suddenly they turned the corner and saw a large cluster of men circling around something. \"Pete! Pete!\" Payton ran toward the group, Molly and Oliver quickly spotted eachother and ran into a tight embrace. A few men were holding back a hysterical man, backing him away from the circle. \"Don't you fuckin talk bout my boy! I'll kill im! You fuckin bastard! He's my son!\" The man's words were barely amiable. Payton pushed her legs as fast as they could go. She shoved her way through the circle of men, calling out Pete's name again. Her breath caught in the middle of her throat as she saw Pete's body laying in Bovver's arms. Payton's knees gave out right as she reached his side. \"Pete\" She whispered, but no answer. \"Pete\" She said a bit louder, tears falling from her eyes freely. She checked for a pulse but she couldn't find one. Hastily Payton looked up to the men surrounding her \"What the fuck is wrong with you people!\" \"Someone call a fucking ambulance\" Bovver roared, his voice breaking slightly. Payton looked at Pete's still body, holding his face with her shaky hands. She ran her thumbs over his cheek, as if to soothe him. She looked up and met Bovver's eyes. Tears rolling over his cheeks as well. No words were said, what could they say? It seemed as if hours went by before slight sirens were heard. The amount of men around them seemed to have diminished when Payton looked up to an ambulance car pulling over the sand. Payton's body was pulled back by strong arms, she too in shock to care who it was. Two paramedics quickly rushed out of the van and raced toward them. A mask attached to a breathing bag was immediately put over his mouth, as the other paramedic checked for a pulse. Payton couldn't hear what they were saying, only catching their actions. Long moments passed as the two paramedics looked over him. They seemed to block their view from everyone, fidgeting various objects around Pete's face and chest. \"I found a pulse!\" One shouted loudly. And as if she wasn't breathing the entire time, Payton took in a deep breath; relieved. \"It's faint, we need to get him to the hospital now or we may lose him!\" One of them said and ran to get a stretcher. \"Let's get 'im outta here\" \"Which one of you is family?\" The paramedic addressed the group. Payton looked at Bovver, \"You should go\" She said to him, her face now flushed and eyes bloodshot. He shook his head and walked toward her quickly. \"Ya go. Ill meet ya there\" He pulled her toward the truck and helped inside. The paramedics pushed Pete's still body into behind her. Payton sat down quickly. \"Thank you\" She said softly, Bovver nodded. Molly and Oliver stood behind them, with the rest of the firm. \"We'll be there soon!\" Payton heard yell just as the paramedic shut the doors. Payton held Pete's cold hand, and stroked his cheek. \"Are you his wife?\" A voice asked, diverting her attention away from Pete's still face. She shook her head, \"Girlfriend..\" she said, her raspy voice low and quiet. The young man looked at her and gave a sad smile, \"He's lucky..\" Payton looked at him, confused \"To be alive\" He added. Payton turned back to Pete, he was pale, bruising and bleeding cuts covering his entire face. \"Heart beat's dropping Tim, better speed it up\" The man yelled beside Payton, she looked out the window, they were almost there. In no time the ambulance pulled up to the front entrance. The young man hopped out and pulled Pete's stretched out, the other paramedic now at his side. \"Losing the pulse\" The man said, both now racing into the hospital, Payton following behind. Two nurses came toward them, \"What's the situation?\" They asked. \"Pulse rates 47. Assumed two cracked ribs, broken left arm, damage to the nose and pelvis area. \" The rushed Pete toward the emergency sign, Payton followed nervously behind. \"Likely sprained right ankle, and severe damage to the right knee. No sign of cracked skull..but a concussion is liable.\" \"We're losing his pulse\" A nurse informed them. \"Anything else?\" The other asked urgently. The paramedics shook their heads. \"Okay, lets get him out of here\" The nurses kept running, the two paramedics slowing their pace. Payton was just about to run passed them when one grabbed her lightly. She looked back, \"You can't go there..You have to wait\" Payton watched the doors swing close, catching only a glimpse of Pete's body being rushed around the corner. A/N: Hopefully you won't be upset with me in the next chapter! But I'm sure you wont...i hope! Haha. Anyways have a good one yeah? Ill try and update soon. ","Summary":" A/N: Chapter re-did, a bit! haha enjoy. Payton Noles was what every man seemed to be looking for in"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"3:10 to Yuma","Author":"Sarabibliomania","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8379642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sun burned its heated mark down on the back of my neck, weaving its way through the loosened strands of my hair to burn a thin lace like pattern on my nape. Rose shifted beneath me, her hooves uneasily moving across the dusted earth and puffing up ashen like dirt that hovered ominously in the air. A hot breeze ran its touch over my shoulders and down my spine, a twisted strand of blonde hair catching in front of my eyes and blurring my vision. I tucked it back from my face and under the brim of my hat, the roughness scratching against my bare palms. Pa's head barely tilted up, his hat shifting and re-sketching the shadows across his face, paled and darkened over his stubble. His lips parted somewhat, his gaze focused on the hawk, its snow white feathers gathered together to create a downy surface barely dotted with the occasional black feather. The breeze ruffled it and its claws readjusted on the knobbed branch. Pa lowered his face again, his dirtied fingers gripping the pad of paper tightly, his other hand moving in stunted movements over the paper. The branches next to pa shifted and hooves clumped across the dirt, the sun catching over Charlie perched on his horse, his hands loosely clutching the reins. The hawk took off, wings beating the air viciously and pa's head turned, watching it go and the sunlight cutting awkwardly over his back. He shifted his jaw back and forth slightly, his jacket deeply creasing. Charlie's horse edge closer, his own face half buried in shadow and his chin etched with his blonde stubble. I lowered my eyes, the heat of the sun seeming to burn deeper and darker, his gaze clear and with a deeper edge that crawled underneath my skin. \"Coach is headed for Bisbee, Boss,\" he said, his voice clipped with accent and his gaze turned away but it's memory hovering. \"Girded with irons, Pinks on top, double shotguns, and a Gatling.\" A smirk of malice wrote itself onto his lips at the prospect. Pa clicked his tongue and his horse walked cautiously down slope, flattening patches of brown grass and chunks of heavy dirt. I clicked my own tongue and Rose tossed her head, neighing somewhat and followed, her alternated steps causing me to slide somewhat on the saddle. I gripped my thighs and adjusted my hold on the reins, the sun burning its mark through my clothes in a heated clutch. The barbed branches of a low tree ran along my legs and Rose's flank and she neighed lowly, shifting her head. I let go of the reins with one hand and dug my fingers behind her head to scratch her affectionately. Pa's shape moved ahead of him, revealing the outfit awkwardly situated. They lowered their gaze as the spotted me, focus directed towards any other various activity they had. Pa rode through them casually, stance tall on his horse with a deep seated confidence that no one dared question. I ran the rein through my fingers as I followed him over to the ridge, the odd shadows of the horses and their riders flanking either side of me. I swallowed the dryness on my tongue as I pulled on the rein firmly and Rose stopped the lines of her jaw tight. Pa glanced over at me, confirming that I was seated beside him before turning back to the outfit. Charlie nodded with unspoken understanding, his gaze shifting over everyone and jerked his hips to get his horse to move forward. Everyone but Pa and I followed; their combined hoof beats crashing against the dying earth and exploding it in low hanging dust and clipped grass. The taste and scent of both hovered in the air like a dirtied mist. I shifted, my legs beginning to ache with the pressure of holding of them tight. \"Stay close to me,\" Pa said quietly, firmness to his tone that bore no room for question or negotiation. I glanced over at him, my eyes half in shadow as he stared off into the distance to where the puffs of dust gave away the presence of the outfit, their low sounding hoof-beats a gentle hum in the background. Familiar irritation grinded through my spine like the sun's heat and I gritted my teeth to keep back words that I knew he wouldn't appreciate. \"I know pa,\" I responded and turned back to follow his gaze to where the billows of dust faded. A gunshot echoed harshly through the air, splitting the near quiet with the heat of it. Pa's head snapped to the side to where the sound originated, his crystallized blue eyes carving its gaze over the chipped cliff sides. I watched him, a miniscule breeze brushing back the hairs on his neck as he waited, listening …. He turned his head back, the cut of his hat shading over his eyes. \"Stay close,\" He repeated, the same gravelly edge to his voice that barely betrayed anything more than basic affection. His horses hoof steps broke evenly on the cracked earth, his posture swaying somewhat with the movements, his hands evenly spaced over the reins and holding them loosely. He drew on them firmly, altering the fold of his jacket to reveal his gun holstered by his side, the golden cross on the handle glinting of the suns reflection. Six black horses broke through the low hanging trees lower down, the coach dragging behind it with the shape of its drivers barely visible. Pa glanced back at Campos on the higher rocks, his pose low over the earth with his riffle carefully aimed in front of him. He froze on the edge, pulling his rifle closer to him so that it aimed higher, the longer strands of his hair heavy over his face. Gunshots echoed and I turned back to see the Outfit charging after the Coach, dust exploding over the hedges and earth. I licked my lips and moved farther up on the saddle, the edges of it rough against my thighs. Pa barely glanced over at me before redirecting his gaze to the scene unfolding, the gunfire now echoing into one another and violently crashing against the background of my ears. The horses and Coach collided into a blurring herd of shapes and sounds, ashen dust billowing upwards and coating everything until only sharp edges stood out. A louder gunshot crashed through the air and my shoulders tensed at the sound, Campos still poised over his riffle with his fixed posture. Sharp, short shots broke louder, puffs of dust echoing off the dust where he crouched. Rose tensed and shifted backwards, her head jerked somewhat with nerves. \"Easy, girl,\" I murmured, tangling my fingers through her mane and grazing her head lightly. \"Easy, there.\" She ducked her head, ears turning to catch closer to my fingers and I scratched the grooves behind them with comfort. I looked over at pa, his face trained on the ambush and the sun catching over the side of his face and turning his stubble to roughened gold. His stance was calm, solid confidence that betrayed no fear, no tremor or doubt. Complicated affection for him beat against my insides and I turned away, quiet resentment fighting their way in through my heart beats quickened by the echoed gunshots. He clicked his tongue and I turned as he jerked his horses head around the flank of Rose. His horse backtracked and I snapped my head around, my loosened braid hitting lightly against my back, the frayed strands of it hovering around my head in a gold haze. \"Follow me, love,\" pa directed and his horses hoof steps thudded down the slopped hill and amongst the hardened earth and down to a low slope where a couple dozen cows stood in awkward formation, lowing throughout the deadened grass. \"Ya,\" I ordered quietly and Rose picked up her ears and clopped after him, hooves gripping the slope and broken grass and rocks. Pa swept his hand into the side of his jacket and pulled out his gun, directing it towards the sky and firing. The cows mooed and all started to herd together, over the edge, their flanks blending in a dizzying formation. Pa fired again, powder dusting up from the barrel, barely standing above the ever moving group of cattle, their hooves beating loudly. \"Ya,\" I yelled, a straggler brushing back my legs and thundering after the others, its head bowed and mooing lowly in panic. \"Ya.\" Pa tucked his gun back into its holster and reached out between us and grasped onto my reins, his fingers over my own and tightening them to bring me to a stop. \"Good girl,\" he congratulated, squeezing my fingers with quiet affection before letting go and drawing them back to his own reins. \"Good girl.\" I turned away, licking my dusted lips and tightening my fingers into the leather of the reins. He brought his horse forward again, Rose dutifully following as the Coach turned from the stampede of cattle, the harness breaking and the horses galloping off with panic, their manes tangled and hoofs blurred darkly. The Coach crashed into the rock and flipped, the two surviving drivers falling to the sides and collapsing into the dirt. The outfit broke closer to the destruction, the remaining wheels on the coach spinning and dust musty in the air. Charlie swung his leg over his horse and landed solidly on the earth, unbuttoning the first button of his jacket and strutting easily through the barbed bushes. A dark shape burst through them hurriedly and Charlie pulled out his gun and shot him, the shape falling and him adjusting it back into his holster with barely a pause in his step between. He stopped for a moment next to a barbed bush and shot into the ground next to it, a shape barely forming between the crunched branches. He turned again and walked deeper into the thicket, stepping with a pronounced air and a saunter to his walk. \"Names Charlie Prince,\" he said his voice rough with arrogance and the heat. \"I expect you've heard of me.\" An elderly man slowly rose from the branches, his grey hair dirtied and his face leathery with wrinkles. \"…Named Charlie Princess,\" he was saying, his voice thick with conceit and edge roughly with pain. \"That you, missy?\" Charlie pulled out his gun and shot him in the stomach, the man's shoulders collapsing in agony. \"I hate Pinkertons,\" Charlie said simply, tucking his gun back into his holster, the cut of the sunlight illuminating the golden hairs on his chin and neck. \"Byron McElroy,\" pa greeted, tugging lightly on his reins and folding his hands respectfully over one another. \"When did your hair grow all grey, Byron?\" Byron coughed dryly, back curved on itself and tense with pain. \"Go to hell, Ben Wade,\" he grunted, glancing partially up, his clear blue eyes betraying a strength in them that contrasted against the age of his face and stance. Pa smiled slightly and his horse stepped lightly around them and to the fallen Coach, its wheel still lazily spinning. \"Well, would you look at all this,\" he observed lazily, taking in the finer details of the now ruined Coach. \"Y'all spare no expense this time, Byron. I gotta say, though, it's probably cheaper just to let me rob the damn thing.\" A chuckle stretched out on his last words and he smiled slightly, pure enjoyment from his own humor. Byron stared up at him, his hand clutched to his stomach, tendrils of blood leaking through his fingers. Pa gripped his stirrup and pushed himself off, landing firmly on the ground and his boots crunching on the grass. I grasped my own stirrup and propelled my leg over, blood rushing back under my skin and becoming pins and needles that prickled when I set my feet onto the ground. My feet connected strongly and I held onto the saddle of Rose for a moment, my legs stiff and too broken in. I ran my fingers down her flank and walked around, each step loosening up legs and un-sticking the fabric of my pants from my legs hotly. \"If you're going to kill me, just as soon get to it,\" Byron gritted out harshly, his head bowed and his fingers clutching his jacket with the deepened red blood staining his fingers. \"I ain't gonna kill you,\" pa said solemnly. \"Not like this.\" Charlie glanced over at him; his fingers hovered over the bullets he was reloading. His gaze redirected to me and I lowered my eyes, the hairs on the back of my neck standing up. \"Won't change a thing, lettin' me live,\" Byron gasped gruffly, each word pronounced and roughened as his chest moved with harsh pants, the blood still leaking over his twisted fingers. \"I'll come for you.\" He looked up on his last words, his eyes clear with defiance and hatred. He coughed coarsely, the sound of the blood in his throat thick and coagulated. \"I'd be disappointed if you didn't,\" pa gravely responded, his brow knotted and eyes broken with an almost concern and sympathy. Byron stared back with his defiance, his harsh pants barely stirring the twisted strands of hair on his beard. His eyes barely shifted and settled on me. \"And this must be your daughter, the beautiful Sarah Wade,\" he wheezed, each word heavily pronounced with a sharpened edge that rasped like a blade being sharpened. \"The one woman in the entire West that no man can touch.\" \"Or lay eyes on either,\" pa sternly answered, all sympathy presumed or not gone from his voice and now hardened. \"And unless you want me to cut you down right here I'd stop staring at her.\" Byron continued to stare with insolence, the feel of his eyes burning through me with discomfort but I stared back, my heart humming loudly in my chest and my tongue going dry from the heat. He lowered his eyes, his shoulders giving in as his fingers tightened on his stomach and he sighed sharply. \"She's lit!\" Someone yelled, breaking through the heated silence. \"She's lit!\" Pa glanced over before moving away from the Coach, his arm barely reaching out and pressing against my elbow. I followed him as he knelt onto the dirt and I joined his side, the grit of the earth digging into the cloth of my pants and imprinting through to my skin. An explosion ripped through the wood of the Coach, dust and broken shards crashing out of each end and thickening in the air. Pa blinked simply, glancing over at it with an almost disinterest. Tommy rushed over to the now opened end, disappearing into the thicket of dust. I stood as pa did, walking over after him as he whistled, the dust coating the inside of my throat and against the bare skin of my neck dotted with sweat. A shot echoed inside the Coach where Tommy disappeared, pa tucking his thumbs into his belt and standing proud as one of the men walked in front of him. His head bowed and eyes downcast as he walked by to assist Tommy, now standing by the destroyed door, a rusted looking metal case in front of him. He looked up at pa with a grin before shooting at the lock, the metal of it easily breaking and he knelt to untangle it. Pa pulled at his cuffs before setting his hands on his hips as they all knelt to the case and stuffing their satchels. He glanced over at me with a small, proud smile. \"You'll be eating well tonight, love,\" he declared with a hint of warmth before turning back. I swallowed a bitterness on my tongue from thirst and the heat, a tender twisting in my stomach at the prospect. I knew better by now not to ask until offered though. The men around Tommy separated and a man rushed out of the overturned Coach and grabbed onto Tommy's shoulder and pulled him back, a gun in his hand. \"I'll ask you to put down the money,\" he said roughly, shaking Tommy as he forced him to a stand. \"You step back. You men step back! All of you men step back, right now or this man dies.\" Pa quietly gestured with his fingers for everyone to lower their weapons, his eyes trained perfectly on Tommy and the man with the gun. \"Not a smart move friend,\" Tommy grinned, sweat from the heat dotted along his face and neck. Pa stared at the two of them, his eyes narrowing slightly and his fingers crawling closer to his gun. A twist pulled in my chest, a sense in the back of my mind alerting to me what his next thought was before he reacted on it. Tommy's face paled somewhat, his eyes widening with fear and a realization to what was going to happen next. \"Shit,\" he quietly swore. Pa whipped out his gun and there was an explosion of powder and sound as blood splattered Tommy's neck, followed by another blast as blood sputtered from the man's forehead. I flinched as they both collapsed into the dirt, my heart racing against my ribs and twisting nauseatingly in my stomach. Pa turned to the outfit, their eyes all wide and frozen, uneasily shifting on their horses as they dared not move or speak. Pa turned from them and walked over, Tommy still making minuscule movements in warped agony in the dirt. \"Well Tommy …,\" he said strutting over with careful footsteps and reloading his gun with care. \"…It seems that there was a Pinkerton … inside that coach that wasn't quite dead yet. Now I know Charlie told you, because … we done got but a few rules in this outfit.\" He dropped the shells by Tommy's head, the blood smeared across his throat and lips, his eyes wearily shifting and clouding over with pain. \"And this is what happens when you put us all at risk.\" Tommy choked and pa flipped the gun between his fingers and slipped it back into his holster. He turned back to everyone else, his stance tall and threatening with no word necessary to give off warning that his actions were not to be questioned. I walked past him, the lining of his jacket catching against my own and his gaze turning to follow. The dirt shifted to accommodate my footsteps and I knelt by Tommy's side, the light scent of metallic blood coating my nostrils and coating my tongue sickly. His eyes were open and glazed over, his blood stained throat still and silent. I reached over and gently placed my fingers on my eyelids and dragged my fingertips down so that they closed his eyelashes soft against my skin. Rocks shifted loudly and echoed after and I looked up, three men on horses barely hidden by the dying trees scattered alongside the hill. I stood as pa whistled for his horse, jogging over somewhat to greet her. I followed over to Rose, throwing her head somewhat, uneasily stepping and placed my foot into her stirrup and swung over. My leg seized painfully and I fisted my fingers through the reins and clicked my teeth. She galloped after Pa, billows of dust kicked up by her feet and grass crunching. One of the men on the hill moved closer to the edge, the other two behind him and smaller in size. I gripped my thighs on the saddle as Rose climbed the slope, her hooves catching into the crumbled earth. \"Morning,\" Pa greeted politely, his voice low with no indication behind it as to his true intentions. The man in front shifted uneasily on his horse, the wear of his clothing old and worn, with a dusted appearance to them that gave away an indication that he was poor. \"Those are my cattle,\" he said simply, his fingers fixed behind him presumably on a gun and the set of his face suggesting a forced confidence. \"I want 'em back.\" Charlie chuckled in disbelief at his naiveté, glancing over at Pa to make sure that he was still recognizable as who he was. \"Careful, rancher, that's Ben Wade, you're talking to,\" Charlie warned politely, the always present edge of malice entwined over his words. I shifted my gaze from the rancher and onto the man behind him and my heart slowed to a pained and broken stop. He was beautiful. Deep, clear blue eyes standing out of his pale, lightly freckled face and flecks of black hair falling over his forehead in disheveled disarray. Everything froze inside me, everything broken and everything whole. Everything falling and yet standing perfectly still. I swallowed hard, my heartbeat drawn out in an echoed sound and feel that touched every inch of my body. He stared back at me, his lips perfectly parted and his eyes so impossibly blue and beautiful. Everything was gone, everything frozen and insignificant and it was only me and him, my heartbeat and his eyes … \"Campos,\" Charlie said and everything snapped back into sharp focus, every detail now over pronounced and unbroken. The boy broke away his gaze to the rancher and kicked his leg over his horse and settled his feet onto the ground next to the rancher who already stood. Rose shifted and I tightened my fingers on the reins, the feel of them trembling with a shiver that seemed to crawl underneath every inch of my skin and back again. \"You'll find them on the road to Bisbee,\" Pa said, tucking his fingers into the side of his belt near his holster. Campos urged his horse forward, his hand outstretched and he took the joined reins from the three horses, the leather of them collecting in his palm. \"Boys,\" Pa winked, his hand tucked again over his holster and turning his horse. Panic ran itself along my insides like a knife and I gripped the reins tightly, the leather and stitching getting under my fingernails and I shifted my hips to encourage Rose around and forward. She dutifully followed after Pa's horse's tail, her head lowered and her ears flicking back her hair. I gritted my fingernails into the leather, the pressure of the twisted stitches imprinting on my skin. Don't turn back, don't turn back, don't turn … I turned my head back, my braid unsettling against my shoulder and stared back at him. He stood in the dirt, his hat over his face but his crystallized blue eyes clearly visible staring back at me. A broken yearning clawed its way through me with heartbreaking force but I turned away, clutching the reins tighter and urged Rose on.[Chapter 2] Her hoof beats broke into the soil and kicked it up, dying grass and low bushes breaking and shattering under her heavy gallop. I gripped the saddle tighter with my thighs and pulled on the reins somewhat to slow her as Charlie and Pa did the same. She stepped into a stop and I adjusted my grip, pained intricate red lines over my palm and around my wrist from where I held too tightly. The sparsely populated town stood in front of us, the basic construction of it dusted over and giving the appearance of a place with age. Pa glanced over at me before encouraging his horse forward and I followed, her hoof beats now trampling on now loosened dust that spun around her in a bare mist. No one seemed to mind or bother at the sight of us, their gazes directed into their mundane tasks with no thought otherwise. A young woman swept on a porch, her long brown skirt catching around her and Pa watched her with an intent stare, fixated and captured. Charlie glanced behind him with caution, his hands perfectly balanced on his hips before grabbing a jacket off the back of a chair and delicately swinging it around his shoulders, the owner half slumped in the chair none the wiser. I licked my fingers and ran them along my brow, wiping away the sweat and dirt gathered there and tucking my loosened hair back beneath my hat. I pulled at the cuffs of my jacket to better cover my hands and adjusted my belt to hide the gun that pa insisted I have strapped to my waist, the feel of it pained as it shifted from it's almost permanent station at my hip. \"Just follow my lead,\" Charlie advised, clearing his throat and pulling his borrowed jacket around him, the fit too loose and unsettling around his frame. I didn't say anything, only pulled my hat lower around my eyes so that it shaded everything in pale gray. A man in deep blue clothes stood at the entrance, his moustache neatly trimmed and every detail of him standing out so significantly against the grit and dirt around him. He barely glanced at us as Charlie walked to the entrance, his arms loosely hanging at his sides. Inside two men sat, one with his feet casually folded on top of the desk, a bottle between them with its glass dirtied and cloudy. I downcast my eyes, pulling at the sleeves of my jacket and holding them close around my folded fingers. \"Can I help you?\" The man with his legs on the desk asked, his words contradicted with the nonchalance of his voice and boredom of his posture. \"I think maybe … a coach headed for here got itself held up in the canyon about 10 miles back,\" he said, a simplicity to his words almost rid of the malice and arrogance that otherwise always accompanied them. \"God damn it,\" the man from the door in frustration remarked, marching in with his dime store shoes professionally shifting over the boards. \"…By Mr. Ben Wade himself,\" Charlie finished, adding on the extra detail for finesse. \"How did you know it was Wade?\" The man from the desk demanded, his legs now settled onto the floorboards and concern etched into the lines and deep set wrinkles of his face. \"It's been him the past 21 times, Marshal,\" the blue suited man pointed out with exasperation, his fingers dutifully working on loading his gun. \"I saw a Mexican sharpshooter and an Apache,\" Charlie continued, the tiny explanation behind his words to back up his claim. \"God damn it, Jesus Christ,\" The man by the desk said, righting himself to his feet and moving over to presumably where his gun was hanging. \"And I've been told …,\" Charlie began, shifting his stance so the jacket hung more loosely around him. \"Did you see the Hand of God?\" One of the man asked, loading his rifle and barely glancing over at Charlie. \"What's that?\" I asked, feigning ignorance when I could in the back of my mind feel the memory of pa letting me hold it in my hands, run my fingers over the raised gold cross and hear him explain how it worked. \"His pistol,\" the man explained, barely taking in the fact that I had been the one to ask. \"Why the hell didn't you do something?\" The man in the blue suit asked with irritation, pulling at the edges of his jacket. Charlie looked over at him in feigned disbelief at the question. \"They had a lot of weapons, mister,\" he said simply and slowly, drawing at the explanation so that he would understand. \"And they were shootin' bullets.\" The man in the blue suit stared back at him with barely disguised contempt. \"Besides …,\" Charlie continued a smirk present in his voice despite the fact that it was void from his lips. \"I had the missus to think of.\" I felt him glance down at me and a heat rolled through my entire body until every part of me uncomfortably burned with it. \"Let's go, we're wasting time,\" one of the man said, tired with the conversation and headed out the door, rifle ready and loaded in his hands. The man in the blue suit continued to glare at Charlie, his explanation winning no favors from him and followed, the cut of the sun moving over him as he stepped outside. I turned and went after, Charlie close behind as he walked uneasily, his step a poke of fun at the men so easily swayed in the direction he pointed. \"Where you from, anyway?\" The man who had stood by the desk asked, walking around his horse and trailing his fingers over its flank. Charlie looked over, the movement stunted and slow, the shadows breaking in through his dirtied stubble and lining it bronze. \"Tom Conrad bought a thousand head in Mexico. Hired us to bring them in,\" he explained simply, the shaded light etching into the sides of his face and making it appear gaunt. \"And the Missus?\" The same man asked, nodding down towards me, remembering that I still stood there. Charlie himself glanced down, the expression on his face unreadable as I kept my gaze directed down towards the disturbed dust, multiple foot and hoof prints marring it's surface. \"Something's gotta keep me warm at night,\" he responded, the malice and arrogance he lived and breathed cracking and peeling through my skin with discomfort and a deep rooted hatred that I didn't fully understand. \"Let's go. Come on, boys,\" one of them said and hoof beats echoed in the dust and air with their encouragements and I raised my eyes to see their flanks fading into the dying grass. Charlie chuckled somewhat and pulled himself off the post and sauntered over to the chair where he borrowed the jacket, unbuttoning it carefully and swinging it off his arm. I stepped down onto the dirt next to the boardwalk, the shift in texture under my shoes puffing up the dust and walked over to where Pa was stepping. The careful decoration and fine details of his jacket stood out and yet blended in with the air and scenery around him, his eyes looking over to see me approach. \"You did good,\" he half congratulated, eyes shifting and fixating on the various members of the outfit moving from their hiding spots. \"I didn't do nothing,\" I replied, slipping my fingers loose from the cuff of my jacket, rough red lines across them from where I gripped the fabric too tightly. \"That's why you did good,\" He replied, stepping up onto the new boardwalk and his shoes resounding on the boards. I swallowed a bitterness on my tongue not caused by the thirst and the heat and stepped up onto the boards myself, the sound of my steps blending into my ears with an irritation. Pa pushed open the saloon doors, his hands briefly lingering on the decorated wood before letting them drop. I stepped behind the swing of them and into the cooled shade of the bar. Sickly, yellow wallpaper plastered the walls with the occasional bare lamp or detailed frame decorating it with the presumption of elegance. A dusted stove stood proud in the corner, a yellowing curtain hanging just behind that. The woman from earlier sweeping walked between the disorganized tables and chairs, glasses clinking in the box she held and her eyes downcast. Pa pulled off his hat and laid it carefully on the bar before sweeping his fingers through his hair. \"Ma'am? Some whiskey for my friends,\" he politely asked, leaning against the edge of the bar and his eyes following her every move with a darkened lust. She stared back with care before setting down the box and pulling out the glasses inside and lining them up along the bar. She turned and grabbed a whiskey bottle off the wall and started to pour, her eyes trained on her actions as Pa's eyes were trained on her movements. \"And a water for my daughter,\" he added on, barely glancing over at me to acknowledge that I was still there. I leaned my elbows against the bar and pulled off my hat, sweat tangled through my hair and making it stand around my head in a softened halo. She made no indication of hearing but moved behind to the curtained back and pulled out a jug and metal cup. I swallowed the lump in my throat and dug my fingers into the stitches of my hat as she turned to face me and slid the cup over, the sound of its metal grating against the wood. \"Don't drink it to fast or you'll be sick,\" Pa warned, his eyes once again glued into every miniscule movement that the woman made. I bit my tongue and tasted sickly metallic and raised the cup to my lips and took a sip. The water ran clear and cool down my throat, ridding the bitterness and raw sensation on my tongue and clearing through the film that seemed to curdle through my head. I pulled it gently away from my lips, small droplets beading on my cracked lips. \"Thank you,\" I said quietly, the metal rim still hovering on my tongue. \"You're welcome,\" she replied just as quietly, her eyes still lowered as she poured Pa a shot. \"Here's to the four we lost in battle,\" Charlie stated, no more than a hint of sincerity in his voice. Everyone grabbed their shot and raised it half in the air, their cracked and dirtied hands closed around the almost clean glasses half full. \"And here's to the boss, who …had to say goodbye to Tommy Darden today. And that's too bad.\" He finished with an almost smile on his lips, his eyes still solemn with presumed sadness and solemnity. \"He that keepeth his mouth, keepeth his life,\" Pa began, righting himself and staring down the outfit with a pious note in his voice betrayed by every other detail about him. \"He that opens his lips too wide shall bring on his own destruction.\" \"Proverbs 13:3,\" I said quietly, every word Pa spoke imprinted into my mind and on my tongue so that I could repeat them in perfect unison as him. \"Good girl,\" Pa acknowledged, glancing back at me before back to the outfit. \"Tommy was weak. Tommy was stupid. Tommy is dead.\" He spoke his word harshly, with a threat to each one and a taunt that anyone question him. \"I'd drink to that,\" Charlie said simply and downed his shot and set it back onto the bar with a clink. I turned to my own cup and took another sip, the cool bite of it diminished somewhat. \"Sutherland. Jorgenson. Campos. Jackson. Kinter,\" Charlie listed off, footsteps sounding on the floor as he each man went forward to collect his due. Pa turned back to the bar, again taking in the young woman with darkened eyes. I finished the water and set the cup back onto the bar and wiped my mouth with the back of my sleeve, tasting the dust crushed into the fabric. \"Marshal's only half stupid,\" Charlie pointed out, returning to lean against the bar, the swinging doors closing as the outfit stepped back out into the harshened sun. \"He's gonna be back soon.\" Pa didn't say anything, his attention gone, cut and focused on the elegantly loose strands of hair around the woman's neck. \"They're going across the border,\" he continued. \"I won't be far. I'll wait for you.\" He paused, his words hanging frozen in the air with no acknowledgment to claim them. \"All right, Charlie,\" Pa finally said, irritation edged in his voice at the disruption. Charlie nodded, recognizing this and pushed himself away from the bar and out the door, the doors swinging on their hinges that squeaked with rust and age. Pa grunted somewhat and fully stood, reaching into the front of his vest and pulling out a thick wad of dollar bills. \"Why don't you go across to the general store and pick up something to eat,\" Pa said, his head bowed as he counted out the bills, wrinkled between his fingers and held out several to me. I reached out for them and folded them in half, the paper collapsing over my forefinger. \"Nothing too sweet,\" he pointed out and I looked up at him, his face solemn and for the moment his eyes clear of lust and replaced with a look that was clean of any particular thought or emotion but an edge of affection that he always only showed the barest brunt of. \"Yes, Pa,\" I said, biting back the resentment that forever hovered on my tongue. I glanced over at the woman, her eyes on the stained glasses in her hands and her hair curled delicately over her neck. The next few steps that were going to take place seemed to move like ghosts through the room, brushing against my mind with a sickening realization. I looked back at Pa who silently nodded and I grabbed my hat and placed it onto my head and pushed it down so that it fit more comfortably. The strands of my hair flattened around it, the occasional strand tangled over my ears and I walked to the patch of sunlight visible through the door. I pushed on it and it creaked and swung closed as I stepped down the steps and the brilliant sunlight blinded me, the dust kicked up and turned to diamonds in the light. Rose munched on the broken shards of carrot from my palm, her lips wetly moving across my skin and causing the hairs to stand up on my arm. I ran my fingers along the side of her face, the softness under my fingernails and over the grooves on my palm. Her lips closed over my now empty palm, searching for any remaining pieces and I dropped it, wiping the dampness of it on my pants. I leaned my forehead against hers and pressed my lips between her eyes, resting there as her head nuzzled still at my empty palm. I closed my eyes and breathed deeply, the scent of her heavy in my nostrils and swimming through my memory. A breathe of hot air rustled through my hair, draping it over my face and along my neck with a shiver. Thick strands of black hair over crystallized blue eyes fell into place in my memory, the lines sharp and intense against a contrast over everything else too dull and faded. I tightened my fingers into the harness, a harsh sensation in my chest that ripped through my body, a yearning and a want that overcame every other basic instinct and desire that I knew. Footsteps shifted in the dirt, the clink of metal in rhythm of the steps and I opened my eyes, my vision blurred by the hair of Rose's forehead. I pulled it away; fingers still twisted in the harness and looked over to see Charlie standing against a post, his gaze directed down at me with tiny movements in his eyes that followed every one of mine. I swallowed and untangled my fingers, instead running them through her mane and behind her ears, holding onto the sensation of something concrete when all I could feel was his eyes. \"I got you a carrot,\" he said and I looked over, a thick carrot with peeling skin in his palm outstretched towards me. \"Already got her one,\" I said simply, her nose nuzzled into my jacket and her lips catching at the fabric. I ran my fingers down the lines of her face, waiting for him to leave. He chuckled somewhat, the sound clipped and unnatural. \"One more won't kill her,\" he said, his head tilted and a breeze curling through his hair and reweaving them into a new disheveled fashion. I looked over at the carrot still outstretched and reached for it, my fingers grazing over the rough leather of his gloves. The roughness of the carrot left tiny orange shavings in my palm and I held it out to Rose, my fingers carefully spread out as Pa taught me. She clamped her lips around it, crunching noisily and adding a distraction to the thoughts in my mind, the ashen ones that blew through almost unnoticed and the sharpen ones that cut clear through impossible to be denied. \"She's a good horse,\" Charlie said, suddenly next to me and the scent and feel of him surrounding me in a blur, his hand stroking down Rose's flank. \"Ya she is,\" I responded, her tongue gathering the last few flakes of carrot and wetly coating my hand. I wiped it on my jacket, dirtying it and pressed a kiss onto her nose. The feel was damp and I walked around to the post and stepped up onto it, the roughened wood chipping into my palms. I turned carefully and settled on top of it, wiping the wetness off my face and gripping the other side of the post and bracing my feet on it. Charlie continued to pat Rose before he turned and leaned against the post next to me, running his fingers along one another and staring down at them like there was some fascination to the movement. I lifted my head to stare down the end of the road, the streaks of green catching through the dead earth and blending almost into the dyed blue sky. \"You're growing into quite a fine woman,\" he said, looking up from his hands and dropping them to his sides. I dug my fingers into the crumbled wood, my heart beat beginning to pick up and race in my chest, imprinting it's touch against my ribs. \"Thank you,\" I answered, no other words coming to mind, nothing to say or do to escape from the situation. Nowhere to go but running into the bar where Pa was presumably still with the woman, to interrupt him and either face his anger or a worse consequence that broke through me with the ghost of a memory to justify my fear in it. \"There's no need to thank me, it's the truth,\" he said with a slight laugh and shifted closer against the post, the feel of his leg pressing against my thigh. It imprinted itself with care and I stared down at the dirt, dead tufts of grass flattened and broken across it. \"You're becoming a very beautiful woman, Sarah,\" he said and he reached over and dusted his finger down the side of my face, along my jaw and done my neck. Panic thrust itself into my throat, a sickness spawned from emotions I couldn't quite name breaking under my skin. His shadow shifted as he leaned over, the individual strands of weaved bronze and gold visible over his lips … \"Weren't you going to the border to lead off the Marshal?\" I asked slivers of wood under my fingernails and breaking into splinters, the taste of his breath almost on my lips. He froze in sudden realization of the thought, his eyes downcast and tracing over the line of my jaw and eyes. I slid my hand off the barked post and to my gun, sketching out the basic details of it. His eyes lowered further to it, my finger set on the trigger with a tremble sparked from an uncertain origin.[Chapter 3] \"Right,\" he responded and straightened, his shadow changing its shape on the dirt. \"I should go do that.\" He smoothed the edges of his jacket and tipped his hat with his thumb before moving past me, dust raised from his steps. A gasp forced itself back into my lungs jaggedly and my hand dropped from my gun, my fingers still trembling. I ran my knuckle down the side of Rose's face, the almost disguised tremble in it all too visible to my own eyes. I flattened out my palm and stroked her by the ear and she turned it into my touch, her head shifting and a low grumble escaping her lips. I smiled faintly and leaned my forehead against her ear, the heat from it stirring my hair. The shadow of Charlie changing, the shape of his lips and the feel of them so close repeated and modified in my mind like it couldn't make up its mind of what exactly happened. I licked over my cracked lips, the heat drying them again and coating my tongue in a film that I almost always knew the taste of. The sound of spit tore through my mind with a sickly crawl over my skin and I raised my head, a tall man with dirtied clothes passing and adjusting his hat back on his head. He stepped past and I lowered my head, peeking out past the shade of my hat to see his footsteps shift the dirt. He pulled a gun out of his holster, the gleam of his gone and rusted. Fear twisted itself into my stomach as his direction led him to the wall of the bar, carefully stepping over the boards. I glanced around the side of Rose, another man visible crouching beside the wall of the bar, a gun perfectly held in his hands. The pit deepened and bled inside me and I choked on the feel of it. I dug my thumb across my bare palm, thoughts rushing through my mind with backlash that hurt in my chest. I dropped my hand to my gun, fingers again trembling at the thought of using it. A ghosted future ran through my mind in disjointed fashion, shards of scenarios and ideas piecing together in no order or pattern. Something pressed against my lower back and everything tensed and froze, my breath catching as it registered what it was. \"Miss. Sarah Wade,\" a voice gruffly said with smugness, the barrel of his gun pressed hard against my back and imprinting its memory firmly. \"We've been looking for your Pa.\" I tried to swallow but it caught and the muscle of my throat tensed, silently making me choke. \"He's not here,\" I attempted, the words barely making sense on my tongue or in the air where they hovered with no threat. \"Please,\" He said and grabbed for the side of my jacket, his hand closing around my fingers still hovered on my gun. He jerked it out of the holster and my fingers hung on the bare air, suddenly naked and vulnerable in a sense that scared me beyond anything else. \"If you're here, your Pa has to be close by.\" I locked my gaze at the general store, every muscle inside me begging for me to glance at the bar. \"Let's go say hi, shall we?\" He grabbed onto my elbow and dragged me around the post, his fingers harsh and hard on my skin. I stumbled slightly on my boots, rocks gritting into my toes and he shoved me harder, bruises tendering under my jacket. The boards of the steps to the bar shoved awkwardly against my feet and I braced my legs to keep from falling. He stepped ahead of me, hand still on my arm and shoved open the doors, thrusting me into the room. The reaction from the brilliant sun darkened every edge with a dusted air coating everything in between. Pa stood by the bar, several men around him with guns pointed at his chest with sturdy aim. They turned as we walked in and Pa's face fell as he saw me, the careful details of his face paling in the darkened light. \"And what do we have here?\" The tall man that I had seen outside asked, his gun still pressed close to Pa but his gaze on the obvious distraction we caused. \"Miss. Sarah Wade,\" the man gripping me said proudly, his fingers dug into my elbow beginning to burn. \"Ben Wade's daughter.\" He spoke each word slowly, arrogance dripping from every one of his words with a sickly sweetness. \"Well that is a bonus,\" the tall man smirked and walked over, his gun lowered and his teeth visible from between his lips, yellowed and near pointed with his leer. \"Remove your hands from my daughter,\" Pa said through his teeth, his eyes narrowed dangerously and dark thoughts passing behind them. The tall man grinned back at him and turned over to me and took a step closer and laid a hand on my shoulder, gripping it tightly. My body tensed and I dug my fingernails into my palm to distract myself, the feel burning through my jacket and shirt. The tall man grinned wider and dropped his hand, his grip still imprinted into my skin and through the bone. \"You're going to pay for that,\" Pa said dangerously, his face set in hatred that I knew already pumped hot through his blood. \"What do we do with her?\" The man in the blue suit asked, the twist of his moustache now darkened with sweat and a thin layer of dust fading over him. \"That's up to the courts to decide,\" The man behind me insisted, his prize catch not to go to waste and his efforts gone unnoticed. \"Fine,\" The man in the blue suit sighed, exasperated for things to move along. \"Cuff her too.\" A man with a dusted face and jacket walked over, a rusted pair of handcuffs in his palms, blended in against the dark red of his skin. I looked up at Pa, my heartbeat picking up beneath my ribs and he barely nodded, a façade of defeat in him that hid the mechanics of an escape behind his eyes already falling into place. I held out my hands and the man clamped the handcuffs through them and tightened them, the rust rubbing against my wrists and wearing them faded red. \"Crawley, go get the wagon,\" The man who had stood behind the desk said, his riffle trained on Pa with accuracy, the dusted light darkening the lines of his face deeper. \"Make sure every weapon we got is shoot-ready.\" A tinge of pride interrupted its way through my heartbeat that almost touched at my lips at the sense of precaution dedicated to keep Pa under control. \"I'll meet you out front of the office,\" the man continued. \"We gotta get him out of here.\" \"Sure thing,\" the man said, tightening the cuffs on Pa and turned away, stepping quickly over the boards and out the doorway. \"I think we should shoot him right now,\" the tall man suggested, stepping closer to Pa with Pa's gun carelessly held in his hands. The pride dissolved inside me and turned cold with fear, the men around Pa with their guns becoming clear and real. \"Put a bullet right in his noggin.\" He shifted his gaze to Pa, his head titled with evident threat and the coldness spread into my throat in thin shards. \"Do that and everybody in this shit-piss little town will be dead by morning,\" a faintly familiar gruff voice remarked and I looked over to see Byron from this morning standing tall and fearless with his gloved hands turning over with a menacing shift. I darted my gaze over to Pa again, his eyes on me and a look of light calm in them, an assurance that it would be alright. I barely nodded and swallowed the coldness, the weight of the handcuffs heavy on my wrists. The blue suited man walked over to pa, his shoes louder and more sophisticated sounding on the makeshift floor. \"22 robberies,\" he said a confidence in his voice and stance that was betrayed by a light edge of fear that no doubt ran deeper and darker beneath his pressed jacket and shined shoes. \"Over $400 000 in losses.\" Pa shrugged like it was a small thing and the coldness and fear lessened, my breath coming in somewhat easier and less strained. \"More in delays. The Southern Pacific will have Ben Wade convicted in a federal court. Hanged in public. An example made.\" Pa smiled at his naiveté as the man shook something small and brass near his own ear. \"And we will pay to make it happen.\" He turned back to the men in the room, the rancher from this morning half standing beside a wall and his gaze directing up at the mention of pay. \"Y'all notice he didn't mention any of the lives I've taken,\" Pa said with a thin smile lined over his face. \"I need three more men,\" A man that I couldn't see spoke, his voice rough. \"You can have Tucker,\" A man from up on the steps said, the careful details of his suit pressed and decorated. \"Good,\" said Pa slowly, details forming behind his eyes that ghosted in my imagination into a future scenario that he could already grip. \"I'm coming,\" Byron said firmly, a roughness to his voice that reminded me of a blade being sharpened. \"You only need one.\" \"You're wounded Mr. McElroy,\" the man on the steps pointed out with little care either way. \"I rode in here,\" Byron insisted stiffly. \"Sure as hell can ride out.\" He swayed somewhat, steadying himself with a hardened determination. \"He goes, Potter's coming,\" the man from the desk said simply, riffle still held stiff and unwavering. \"What?\" The man behind Byron asked in confusion, gold rimmed glasses set cautiously on his nose. \"Doc can't shoot shit,\" Tucker chuckled roughly, the sound almost like a wheeze and shifted in his stance. \"I was best shot in my regiment,\" the rancher said, speaking up and stepping from by the wall so the shadow etched itself off his face. A sudden pin of hope pressed into my chest and crackled through me with an intensity that I could almost hear. Tiny details, a freckle, a dip in the lips etched itself rapidly in my head and broke my insides with a collision of hope and yearning that threatened to cripple me. \"…North or the South?\" The man in the blue suit asked, his voice tiredly intrigued. \"North,\" the rancher said shortly. \"We're Southern in name, but Chicago owned,\" The man in the blue suit said, his words clear in my mind yet shaded somehow so that they didn't make sense to me. \"Fine. $200.\" \"Let's go,\" the man on the stairs said in exasperation and stepped down, his eyes following the minuscule movements that Pa made with suspicion and a sort of hatred that didn't piece into anything that made sense. Pa started to step slowly, the man who had been behind the desk and another who granted no characteristics walking carefully behind him with rifles aimed dangerous at Pa's shoulders. The man behind me turned me roughly and forced me into a walk, the clink of the handcuffs heavy and sore on my wrists, biting roughly into my skin there. Pa walked into line next to me and the doors swung open, the radiant sun cut around the porch and dusting everything golden. Tucker walked in front of us, his hands carefully tucked onto his hips and holding the fold of his jacket back. Pa lowered his hands to his handcuffs and rubbed his wrists with a sort of grace and nonchalance that I had grown used to in him and stepped down the stairs. The sunlight blinded me, sharpening every edge into gold and dusting everything with a sheen of it. The people who before had ignored us when we rode in began to look up in shock and confusion, frozen in their actions and darkened significantly by my eyes adjustment to the light. Shouts broke through the air to one another, any real words or meaning behind them lost in the sound of my heartbeat in my ears and the feel of the handcuffs around my wrists. \"You alright, girl?\" Pa quietly asked, speaking from the corner of his lips, his gaze straight and stiff like no ordinary fear could touch or break him. \"No,\" I admitted and swallowed the edge of panic that was biting up my throat and shattering the taste of bitterness and blood. A wagon came around the corner of the store in front of us, mists of dust gathering around it and softening the edges of it and the horses. Rose. My heart caught and I turned, my vision cut by the shapes of men behind us with rifles still aimed at Pa's back. \"Keep moving,\" the desk man said gruffly, the front sight of his rifle brushed against my shoulder with poorly disguised threat. I turned back around, a bite of unease in my throat. Quickened hoof beats echoed like threatening thunder and I turned as dust kicked itself up into the air with omen, the shifting shape of it draping around Charlie and his galloping horse like a ghostly fog. \"This town is going to burn!\" He yelled, malice and threat sharp in his voice and he pulled his gun from his holster and fired, the blast of it hitting the man holding Pa. The front of his jacket exploded in powder and shredded fabric and he fell back onto the earth with a short yell of pain that cut off with a fade. He shot again, another man falling and screams shattered through the air amongst the blasts. \"Let's get him Mark!\" Someone yelled and an odd sense of panic skewered through my stomach, the men separating and taking aim, their rifles loud in noise and power as the shape of Charlie and his horses paled on the edges as he grew smaller on the horizon. A rough hand grabbed onto my arm and shoved me, my feet almost giving beneath me and causing me to fall into the dust. \"Get in the coach,\" the man said between his teeth, my shins catching the sharpened edge of the step digging into my skin. I climbed up the steps and into the coach, the basic details of it worn and faded. I sat down on the seat, the scratch of it pressed against and through my clothes and barely cushioning the feel of the hardened wood underneath. Pa sat across from me, his arms draped over his knees and the chain of his handcuffs sagging tiredly between. His gaze drew itself out the window where Charlie stood in the distance, rough details of him standing proud against the fading blue sky. Pa smirked somewhat and looked back at the door, a chain weaved through it and held in the hands of Tucker who locked it shut, sweat dotted across his face. Pa leaned back against the seat with a small smile that drew every line of it with smugness and deep rooted confidence.[Chapter 4] The feel of the coach moved quickly underneath my feet, miniscule bumps under the wheels adjusting the ride of it and bruised delicately up from me feet and through my entire body. The golden wheat blurred by the window, the touch of blue sky bleeding into it so that on the horizon they became one. I swallowed, a shift under the wheels making it catch in my throat and twist a sickness in my stomach that feed from fear and an anticipation that ran like a hot wire under my skin. \"You alright?\" Pa asked and I looked over, his back against the wall of the coach and his hands casually folded in front of him. No detail of fear or concern wrote itself into the way he held himself or etched its way into the set of his eyes. \"No,\" I said simply and leaned back, the roughness of the wall prickling over my back and shivering down my spine. \"Don't worry. It'll be alright,\" he said, a small smile of pure conviction tracing his lips. \"They have no evidence against you. They can't hold you.\" \"And what about you?\" I asked, the coldness that hadn't fully dissolved from my throat again breaking its way through in an intensity that made breathing a challenge. His smile of almost warmth twisted into a smirk. \"You let me worry about me,\" he said, a glint of something that only he knew and I could guess at visible in his eyes and along the lines of his face. \"You never worry. About anything,\" I pointed out, the edge of the cuff blending its rust into my wrist and shading it murky red. He chuckled lowly, the sound a quiet rumble in his throat. \"I worry about you,\" he pointed out, the shade of warmth there but out of place amongst the smug details. \"That's different,\" I said with a hint of stubbornness. \"Not really,\" he said, shaking his head and making the shadows from the window re-cut themselves over his face. I shifted my gaze away from him and leaned my head back, a bump under the wheels passing through the wood and bruising the back of my head against it. I gritted my teeth, a dark frustration poisoning its way through my limbs and into my chest. A crunch sounded beneath the wheels and my weight seemed to drop, the seat colliding harshly beneath me. Pa raised his head in half hearted curiosity and I slid closer to the window, the seat beneath me falling on a more cautious slant. The sun cut across the golden wood of the wheel, the weight of it fallen off the makeshift bridge and sunk into the powdered earth. \"Hello there!\" The driver called and I adjusted myself to peer up at him, the spark of the sun blinding me and I pulled back, everything significantly darkened. \"Evans! Can you give me a hand with this?\" I turned again to look out the window, three men with any distinctive markings to them faded out walking over, a makeshift home behind them with puffs of smoke painting their way out of the chimney and into the sky. I shifted away from the dip of the slanted seat and to the other side, weaving my fingers through the thin bars. Charlie was barely visible in the distance, the light of the sun gleaming over him and erasing all distinct details. A face appeared in the corner of the window and a catch of surprise caught in my throat as the driver stepped to the door and started to unlock the chain holding it closed. Pa shifted closer to it and wiped at his upper lip as the driver glanced up nervously, his fingers delicately casting off the chain. He unlocked it and pulled it open with an un-nerving creak, a gun in his hands that he pointed at Pa, the coldness in my throat taking note of the fact. \"Let's go,\" the driver said, pulling the door open further and a patch of dirt becoming visible through it. I glanced over at Pa who held out his hands with an indication for me to go first. \"Ladies first,\" he said politely, a sense of humor to his smile. I stood, my head tilted and the floor slanted underneath my feet and stepped to the door. The sun bit at my eyesight and I squinted, the brilliance of it making them water and stepped down and onto the dirt, my legs almost shaking from the memory of harsher movement. \"Good driving, Marshall,\" Pa said, ducking out after me, a grin on his face as he stepped next to me, pure enjoyment written into his every detail. A man stood behind Pa and draped a jacket over his shoulders, the fit of it too loose and flowing around him. He pulled off his hat, the silver details of it glittering in the sun and set another one on his head, flattening the strands of hair. \"Remind me not to play poker in this town,\" Pa said with a surprisingly solemnity, glancing over at me with a look to remind him later. I stared back, no words coming to mind to respond to him and the thin shade of irritation sharpening in my stomach. I turned away from his gaze and down at the Rancher, his eyes looking up at the two of us and his hands firmly held on a board secured underneath the fallen wheel. Tucker went to stand beside him, his hands gripping the top of the wheel. \"All right Marshal,\" he said, staring up at the driver who again reclaimed his seat on top of the coach. \"Give us a count.\" \"One, two, three,\" he counted, the snap of his voice and the reins following as Tucker and the Rancher gripped the wheel and shifted it into movement and back onto the bridge. It started to roll again onto the path and Pa grabbed onto my arm and pulled me back and out of the way, the unexpected pull stumbling up my feet. The man who took Pa's hat set it onto his head and stepped into the coach, pulling the door shut behind him and settled onto the seat, various cuts of his shape visible through the narrow window. \"Come on,\" Tucker said and grabbed onto Pa's elbow and shoved him into a walk. I followed after, the grass kicking up around my ankles in a mist that faded my feet from my view. I looked up as we approached the house, a woman standing on the porch with her arms crossed over her chest and weariness that bleed out of every detail of her. A pinch twisted in my stomach, the tiny and almost perfect details of her darkening a memory that only swirled in and around my fingers like a ghost I couldn't catch. The rancher jogged up behind her and stood with his rife pointed out, his breath coming in somewhat hard and the sweat from the day dampening his throat and forehead. \"Ma'am,\" Pa politely said, tipping the brim of his hat and his outstretched arm pulling at the coat around his shoulders. She didn't move, only stood stiff and determinedly defiant, the shade of bare emotion unmoving in her eyes. I attempted a small smile on my lips at her, a small warmth and reassurance that I tugged at me with an inability to commit fully and a dark sadness that sparked too much of it. The edges of her softened somewhat, the core of her sunk into her own defiance and strength that did not let the weakness bleed through. The floorboards creaked with a reminder of their age under my feet as Pa was led to the open doorway, Byron half cut from view by the frame. \"Byron,\" Pa said cheerfully, taking note of his shape in the doorway. \"What an unpleasant surprise.\" The walls were a softened gray, the occasional bare detail adding a new dimension of presumed home to it, a simply elegant lamp or touch of delicate curtain to the window. A flickered fire burned hotly in the fireplace, a laced cover draped over top and the design a delicate stitch of red. A sense of loss for something I never truly had ran its rusted blade throughout my body. I ran my finger over the bone at my wrist, the feel of the rust bleeding into it and dug my fingernail into the skin there, a hotly thin desperation beginning to quicken in my chest and swell through my veins. Pa looked around in half smug amusement, taking in the simple details I did but with none of the sad affection. \"You have a lovely home, ma'am,\" he said to the woman as she stepped inside, her arms still crossed over her chest and creasing the gray fabric. \"Thank you,\" she said stiffly, stepping against the wall and pressing her back against it, her finger nervously smoothing over the crease in her sleeve. A footstep resonated on the floor and I turned, the Boy standing half obscured by a doorway frame. Everything inside me shattered, falling and piercing through my insides with an unbearable sensation that almost brought me to my knees. I swallowed the sharpness inside me, the edges of everything around me fading and the lines of him darkened and pierced with terrifying intensity. His lips parted somewhat, his eyes fixated on me, in mine, a look in them like he was staring into the sun and was blinded but couldn't look away … \"William,\" the Rancher said, the sound of his voice breaking through whatever held me paralyzed. The boy … William barely shifted his eyes to his father, the movement flickering the light over his face and sketching out the lines of it deeper. \"Can you go and get some more wood?\" Visible irritation drew its strength into William's shoulders and he glanced back over at me, a change in his eyes that seemed to draw itself through his entire body. \"Please,\" the Rancher carried on, a slight pleading in his voice that held out in the air. William sighed and walked across the floor to the open doorway, every fiber inside me taking note of every one of his movements. The set of his shoulders, the hold of his arms at his sides, the shift of his steps against the floorboards … His gaze broke free of the strands of hair littered over his forehead, a catch of the light making them shimmer and I dug my fingernail into my wrist, the pinch of pain reminding me of the sense of reality I was faced with. He passed through the open doorway, his shadow falling along behind and I turned, the blonde sweep of my hair blurring the edges of my vision. The sun passed around him, sketching it across the earth, imprinting it upon its memory and carving it through mine. He turned to look over his shoulder, his eyes catching mine and everything inside me broke further, shattered and twisted until there was nothing but a longing that bled everything inside me raw. \"Should take an hour before the outfit to take the bait,\" the Rancher said, his arm leaned against the doorway and the shadows dusted over him. \"Should be enough time for dinner.\" \"Oh good, what are we having?\" Pa asked, his back pressed against the wall, a grin on his face of pure enjoyment and his arms across his chest like chains didn't bind them. \"Is there somewhere where I could wash up?\" I asked, my voice stilted and low in the almost silence of the room. The Rancher and his wife glanced over at me, the energy and attention of the room focused and framed around Pa with me almost a bare afterthought in the shadows. \"Out back,\" his wife said and jerked her head somewhat to an open doorway that glimpsed at the dead and drying grass beyond it. \"Thank you,\" I said politely and Tucker righted himself from where he leaned, gun carefully clutched between his fingers. I walked around the odd chair scattered around the table, glancing over at Pa with his head tilted thoughtfully and trying to construct an idea of what I was thinking. A chilled breeze shivered through me as I stepped to the door, a basin of half filled water resting on a small table and the breeze rippling across its surface. I walked over carefully and dipped my hands into the water, the bite of its chill forming goose bumps up my arms. I gathered the water between my palms and lifted them, tendrils of it leaking through and pit pattering back into the bowl. I cupped it to my face, the feel stealing my breath and brought my hands away, water dripping down my face and along my neck to fade into my shirt. I rubbed at the hollow of my neck, the fingers bleeding dirt and sweat that had gathered there and wiped them on my pants, dampening a stain. \"Here,\" the wife said and I looked up at her in the doorway, a torn cloth in her hands and held out to me. I reached across the small distance and took it from her, the wear of it soft against my fingers. \"Thank you,\" I said quietly and turned back to the basin, dipping it into the water. It sank under the weight and I drew it out, wringing it and the water soaking down my hands and sleeve with a bitter cold. I scrubbed the cloth into my skin, the feel of it almost rough and unnatural against my neck and face. I could feel my skin becoming pink under my ministrations, a delicate rawness to it from not being so clean in so long. I let the cloth fall back into the water and wrung it out again, my fingers growing numb from the coldness of it. \"Your hair is very pretty,\" she said and I looked over as she shifted with almost discomfort, her arms still protectively crossed over her chest. \"Thank you,\" I responded, the words stunted on my tongue as it tried to gain an appropriate feel of them. She nodded, thoughts darting through her mind and glimpses of them catching through her eyes. I ran the cloth on the nape of my neck, the hairs on it standing on end and dampening under the water droplets that ran down my spine with shivered accuracy. \"How often do you brush it?\" She wondered a mild strain in her voice as she struggled with the words and the knowledge that she was having a conversation with me. \"I … I don't,\" I admitted quietly, embarrassment curling and burning up the back of my neck. She nodded slowly, letting the knowledge shift its way through her mind and crumble its way through whatever opinion she had fashioned for me. \"I … I have a brush in my room,\" she stuttered, gesturing behind her into some region of the house that I couldn't see. \"If you want, I could …\" She trailed off but the meaning behind what words she spoke splintered its way through me with a sudden hurt for something I never had, never knew I wanted. I slowly nodded and swallowed, a lump in my throat that choked at my breath and she turned from the doorway, her skirts flowing around her in a rustle. I draped the cloth over the basin and followed her as she disappeared through a doorway, her skirts shifting like a whisper over the floorboards. I walked after her; the half closed door creaking as I lightly pushed it and received a more complete view of the room. A bed rested against the wall with a hand stitched quilt carefully ducked over it and a small dresser stood next to it with a niche of home and comfort to it that prickled at the lump in my throat. She turned from the dresser and uncomfortably held out a brush, the handle of it ornate and the bristles standing out from it with a rough looking touch. \"You can sit on the bed,\" she pointed out, and gestured to the quilt with a tremble in her fingers that seemed so out of place in the strength that she held in her shoulders. I walked over and sat carefully on the bed, the mattress sagging under my weight and the quilt creasing with it. She sat next to me, a groove fitting itself into the fabric with her shape and she carefully rested her fingers against my hair and started to unwind my braid. Her fingers caught in the tangles and lightly pulled, the feel of them straining against my head and making me bite my lip to hold back a noise of pain. She let my hair fall along my shoulders, the feel of it heavy and tight like the memory of it being bound was still there. \"You have beautiful hair,\" she said quietly, the bristles digging through the strands and drawing downward, tugging and breaking through the knots. I bit my lip harder, a faint taste of metal breaking onto my tongue. \"My Pa says I have hair like my Ma,\" I answered, the feel of her name on my lips almost as bitter as the taste of blood. \"And where is your mother?\" She wondered, smoothly her fingers down my hair, the bristles following and digging after. \"Heaven,\" I said simply, a hardness in my voice that dug into my chest with an ache that twisted itself deeper. \"I made her sick; she died a few days after I was born.\" Her fingers hovered over my head lightly, a sudden tenderness in them that made the ache hurt darker and deeper. \"I'm sorry,\" she said quietly, the bristles running down my neck and untangling from the ends. \"Sometimes … when I dream … I can imagine that I can still hear her voice. Singing to me,\" I continued, the words rolling off my tongue like I had for years been holding them back and only now had the chance to say them, their feel everywhere in the room around me. She didn't say anything, her hands gently peeling my hair away from my face and running the brush through them, the touch softening them and making them fall like a blur around my face. I closed my eyes, the feel of her fingers on my hair stirring the ache more painfully and clouding my senses with a twist of memory and dreams that never quiet built themselves fully in my mind. \"William,\" she said suddenly and my eyes flew up, William standing against the doorway with his fingers lingering on the wood. A heaviness broke in my chest and stole my breath and I twisted my fingers into the quilt, the colors weaving and colliding together into a dizzying blend. \"Why don't you get washed up for dinner?\" He didn't move, any movement of his frozen, locked in place with only the dozens of shades in his eyes that spun me deeper and drowned me. \"William?\" She asked, her voice somewhat louder and clearer and he shifted his gaze up to her before turning and the shadows from the fire dancing over his face and unraveling down his back. I dropped my gaze to my hands, untwisting them from the fabric and pink lines and patterns imprinted into the skin. She swept all my hair to the side and over my shoulder, binding the end so that it feel to a twisted point. \"There,\" she said and I reached my fingers up and entangled them in the strands, the feel of them unnaturally soft and my touch falling too quickly through them. \"Thank you,\" I said quietly, knotting my fingers into my hair and holding them there, Williams gaze still broken and swimming through my mind, a look in his eyes like he had lost something precious and it had finally been found.[Chapter 5] The warmth and light of the room danced itself across with shadows that sketched out the edges of it, the fire crackling lowly and hotly over the logs. I pulled my sleeve farther over my hand, the chain of the handcuff catching under the fabric and embedding its shape through it. The Rancher sat back in his seat with his arms folded across his chest, the light darkening his face and the lines of it to provoke a weariness in him. Pa sat at the other end, the darkened light from the window framing him darkly. He looked up as I walked in, a smile tracing out his lips with half humor that only he understood and half warmth that touched somewhere deep inside him. \"Well don't you look lovely,\" he greeted, his voice finding a perfect blend between the two contrasts, his chin rested on his folded hands politely. I walked across to where he sat and carefully sat next to him, the chair too far pulled out and rested on the edge of it, my wrists balanced on the table and the chain clattering quietly. A small boy stepped into the room, his hair catching the light of the fire and turning it gold and set a plate of food in front of his father. \"Thanks, son,\" the Rancher politely said, turning to him to exchange the politeness as his son stepped back out. William walked into the room and I sat up somewhat straighter, the movement pulling at the nearly unbearable hurt in my chest that poisoned its way through my stomach. He strode over to my end of the table and slid the plate of food in front of me, the sound grating against the wood. \"Thank you,\" I said and glanced up at him, his gaze again locked in mine and his lips parted like there were a million things he wanted to say but not enough words in the world to speak them. He barely nodded and stepped back to his seat, his eyes never leaving mine. The woman walked in, a bowl of bread in her hands that she set onto the table. My mouth watered, my stomach twisted with hunger that seemed to overcome every meaning of the word. The Rancher stared at Pa with an changing expression, the woman sitting down next to me and pulling her chair in carefully, her gaze barely drifting over to Pa and written to fear and mistrust. Pa drew his fork off the table and dug into his food, his shoulders dropped over the plate and barely making the distance between it and his mouth as he hungrily ate. Basic instinct prodded at me to do the same but I dug my fingers around the fork so the metal edges dug into my palm to resist the urge. \"We always wait to say grace,\" the small boy from the end of the table said, his voice surprisingly loud and strong with no tremble of fear or doubt as he stared down the table at Pa. \"We don't presume to teach other people manners,\" the woman politely said, her tilted face dancing with the flickered flames. \"Aren't we supposed to say grace for murderers too?\" he questioned, his eyebrows knotted together with confusion. \"Grace is for everyone, dear,\" the woman said, a hint of force to her smile as Pa grinned into his dinner, his fork clinking painfully loud. \"Then why don't we say it?\" The boy asked, his eyes wide and uncertain, a rim of pale pink surrounding them with the hint of sickness. \"Mark,\" the Rancher politely said, laying his hand on his son's shoulder and a small smile of fatherly affection, which bit at me uncomfortably. \"I'd like to hear it,\" Byron said, his hands delicately cleaning his riffle and his eyes shifted over to Pa with pure threat and hatred, the heat of the sun flickering over his face and dancing through the lines of it. Pa barely glanced back over at him, his fork lightly bouncing in his hands and a small smile still on his face. The Rancher glanced over at his wife with a soft nod and clasped his hands in front of him as she bowed her head, the soft curls of hair glittering on her neck from the fire. I glanced over at Pa who grinned over at me, turning a potato on his fork and no indication that he meant to show manners. I turned back and discreetly clasped my hands together, the chain shifting and fought a hotly burning anger towards Pa that twisted in my stomach. \"God our Father, Lord, and Savior, thank You for Your love and favor,\" she began, her face nearly golden in the light and Pa noisily eating from the potato, bits of it and the skin crumbling back onto the plate and staining onto his lips. \"Please bless this drink and food, we pray. Bless all who shares with us today.\" She gestured slightly to Pa and me on her last words, straightening and forcing a smile to her lips. \"Amen.\" \"Amen,\" the Rancher said, his hands clasped in front of his face and his eyes dangerously staring at Pa. \"Amen,\" Pa said with a grin of pure humor and enjoyment on his face, his lips still noisily chewing. I picked up my own fork and dug it into the corn and lifted it to my lips, forced restraint in my actions as I took a bite, the sweet juiciness of it bursting on my tongue. I chewed quietly, forcing my actions into a sense of propriety that my instincts struggled to resist. \"If my Pa wants to he can shoot you dead,\" Mark said from the end of the table, an arrogance and pride in his tone, staring down Pa with a continued bravery to his voice and look that contradicted his small stature and the knowledge of who Pa was and what he could do. \"He could shoot a jackrabbit at 50 yards.\" Pa smirked with amusement and dug back into his food, the threat giving no cause of unease. \"Shooting an animal's a lot different from shooting a man, son,\" the Rancher explained, affection and pride detailing the smile on his lips and gently lay his hand on Mark's shoulder. \"No it isn't,\" Pa said thickly, shoveling food into his mouth and keeping his eyes lowered to his plate, the edges of his face crinkled with the his continued grin. \"Not in my opinion.\" I looked away from him and reached for my glass of milk, the chain dragging over the tale and sipped deeply, quenching the thirst that had dried out my throat and tongue. \"We could ask Byron here,\" Pa suggested with continued amusement \"Now, Byron, he's killed dozens of people: men, women, children, miners, Apache.\" The woman looked away, a look in her eyes of effect from his words and delicately reached for her glass. \"Not a soul taken didn't deserve what it got,\" Byron said firmly, his fingers wiping down the mechanics of his rifle and his gaze locked on Pa. \"Every way of man is right in his own eyes, Byron,\" Pa said, turned back to his plate suddenly solemn and his fork turning the food on it over with disinterest. \"The Lord ponders the heart.\" \"Proverbs 21,\" I said quietly in response to his words, the memory of him reading them to me ghostly in my mind and between my fingers. \"Good girl,\" Pa murmured in pride, smiling over at me with a kindness that almost reached his eyes. I turned back to my plate, digging my fork through my potato, a small pinch of warmth towards him flickering deep in my chest. \"Now boy I know my daughter's beautiful but I'm going to have to ask you to stop staring at her,\" Pa said in forced politeness and I raised my eyes, my heartbeat intensifying in my chest and saw Pa staring at William, a hint of near hatred darkening in his eyes. The table fell quiet, a thickening silence that seemed to choke me and William flickered his gaze away from me, lowering it to the table with shadows carving up the lines of his face. I lowered my eyes, a heat burning up my spine and an anger that seemed to paralyze me, my fingers locked around the metal of my fork that I couldn't pry open. Pa turned back to his own plate, satisfied, and started to carve at his meat, turning his fork sideways and digging it into the thickness that wouldn't give with his ill performed attempts. With a small note of defeat he lifted it whole and started to chew away at its sides, tearing it to shreds with his teeth. I stroked my thumb along the edge of my fork, every part of me tense with an anger that seemed to lock me down under its hold. \"Dan,\" the woman said quietly, addressing the Rancher who laid down his cutlery and stood from the table, walking around Mark and over to where Pa sat. \"You eat more when you're nervous, Mr. Butterfield?\" Pa asked the man in the blue suit with cruel curiosity, Mr. Butterfield slowing the movement of his lips with a sudden awareness of them. \"Oh, why, thank you, Dan,\" Pa said with a false sense of politeness and leaned back from his plate to allow the Rancher to drag it over to him, the glass grinding over the surface. \"That would be pleasant and kind of you. Much appreciated. You can cut that up for me.\" The Rancher started to cut up the meat, the sound of the knife on glass loud and grating in the almost silent room. \"Oh, can you cut the fat of there? I don't particularly like the fat at all.\" He gestured at the meat with his fork, the Rancher's movements frozen and his eyes lifted to take in Pa, barely disguised hatred clouding over his eyes and visibly tensing his body. \"I just … and the … and the gristle.\" He picked at his teeth, sucking at the ends of his fingers. \"I don't like the gristle.\" The Rancher resumed cutting at the meat, his actions tight and a renewed sharpness to them. Pa stared up at him, his eyes flickered back and forth with great thought to them like he was piecing together an idea of what made the Rancher tick and thus how to take him apart. \"You mind if I ask you how you got that hitch in your step, Dan?\" \"Don't tell him nothing, Mr. Evans,\" Byron said stiffly from beside the fire. Rancher stared back at Pa with the same look Pa gave him, the line paling his face and illuminating a scar that seemed to curl around his eye. \"Where you stationed?\" Pa attempted, his fork spinning awkwardly between his fingers. \"Second Company Sharpshooters out of Lynnfield, Massachusetts,\" Rancher quoted, pulling his knife away from the now roughly cut meat and passing the plate back to Pa. He stepped away from him and walked back around to his seat, a thud of wood on wood now palpable in the air. \"My father was defending the U.S. capitol in the district of Columbia,\" Mark spoke out, continued pride in his voice, his fork forgotten in his hand and standing up from his plate. \"Is that so?\" Pa asked with faked interest. \"Well, Dan, tell me the story of how you lost your leg. Did it get shot off, cut off? The Indians steal it?\" He glanced around the table with his eyebrows raised in forged interest and mystic, a humored smile again tugging at the corners of his lips. Rancher stared back, his eyes hard and the shadows of the fire etching out the lines of his face and sharpening them dangerously. A sudden gunshot cut through the silence and tore at it, another one followed on the echo of the first and leaving the air rent in the sound. Rancher stood from the table as did William, the clatter of chairs and movement muffled from the deafness that the shot caused, Mr. Butterfield standing and pointing his pistol at Pa, a tremble to his grip and a bead of sweat dotted across his forehead. Pa stared up at him in mild incredulity, his fork still turned between his fingers and the ashen color of the metal dimly catching the light. The men gathered from the room in a confusion of movement, their footsteps loud in the adjoining room and my heart rate increased itself in tensed beats, pressing against my ribs and smothering my breath inside my chest. I looked over at Pa, his hands folded and swinging the fork between them with an impossible calm, a small smile on his lips like it was all a game that he drew great enjoyment from. He turned to look over at me, the light played over his forehead and creased into the lines of his jaw and buried in the thickened hair of his beard. \"How's your dinner, love?\" He asked pleasantly, a small smile of amusement on his face that boiled something angrily in my blood. He turned away in his continued amusement and reached for the flower imprinted china salt shaker and twisted it over his meat with careful movements of his wrist. I laid down my own fork carefully, the chain between my handcuffs clinking against the metal of the plate and stood, the scratch of my chair legs against the floor grated in the silence. The woman tensed at the sound, knots tightening up the curve of her neck and the firelight bronzing the loosened curls that hung there. I stepped around my chair to the window, my footsteps pronounced on the floor and stood by the window, the cold misted through and touched against the tip of my nose. The darkness thickly pressed back against the pane of glass, the barest hint of the men's outline shifting back and forth uncertainly, William indistinguishable amongst them. \"You ever been to San Francisco?\" Pa asked, the clink of the salt shaker set back onto the table and a hint of a smile to his voice. \"If it's alright by you, Mr. Wade, I'd rather we not talk,\" the woman said with polite restraint, her words and a chilled fear strained in her voice. I turned back, the coldness now pressed along the side of my cheek, the firelight flickered and goldening and darkening the edges of everything in the room. \"So you've never been to San Francisco?\" Pa gathered, the fork turned between his fingers and the firelight caught along it's rusted edge. \"No,\" she admitted quietly, her eyes lowered to her plate and the fire softened over the edges of his face. I ran my fingers over the rim of the windows frame, the roughness of the wood pressed under my nails in splinters. \"I knew a woman there,\" Pa continued, the prongs of his fork poked curiously at his potatoes and meat and his eyebrows creased to his forehead. \"She was … she was beautiful. Hair like spun gold and eyes … eyes like the underside of a trees bark. The softest sweetest brown. And a voice … a voice that could make Angel's cry. And she used to sing … every night at a little bar by the docks, sing just for me.\" He paused, the turn of his fork frozen and suspended in its partial movement, a darkness burned to his eyes like burnt gold. \"What happened to her?\" The woman asked quietly, her voice almost audible in the broken air and her lips parted barely on her words. Pa raised his eyes, the firelight creased over his face and whatever darkness burned to them gone with no afterthought or memory. \"She died,\" he said simply, turning back to his plate and stirring at the food with a touch of aggressive burned into the movement. \"She got sick and she died.\" The woman glanced over at me, her eyes softened sadly and I bit at the inside of my lip to taste the bitterness of blood, a pressure built and pressed at the back of my throat. \"Alice?\" Rancher asked, the sound of his voice jerked inside my stomach and I lowered my eyes against the sting burned to them. A chair scraped and I raised my eyes as she swept around the edge of the table, her eyes focused forward and her fingers lightly stroked to the wood. She passed by Mark and William and I straightened myself, everything wild and broken inside me like a million stars pressed against the inside of my skin. He stared back at me, his lips parted and the firelight broken to his eyes, the blue to them shattered. \"Now boys,\" Pa declared, sliding the potato off the end of his fork and the meat of it crumbling back onto the plate. \"I do believe that utensils such as these are overrated.\" He stabbed the fork into the table where it struck with a low thud, tiny splinters broken up where the prongs impaled through the wood. He slid the plate towards him and dug through it with his fingers, a proud smirk of accomplishment to his lips. I licked the dryness of my lips, the burn of familiar resentment pressed and leeched to the back of my neck. \"Come finish your supper, sweetie, it's getting cold,\" he called over his shoulder, his eyes barely glanced to acknowledge me before he turned back to his plate, the shadow of the fork still stabbed to the table trembled over the wood. I glanced over at William, his eyes still frozen to mine and the firelight carved and curled along the edges of his face. I stepped back to my seat and cautiously sat on its edge, my legs wrapped around its feet and drawing it closer to the table with a scrape that sounded unnaturally loud to my ears. The clank of my handcuffs clattered to the wood and I ran my finger over the hardened metal at my wrist, the rust of it burned along the skin of my thumb in burnt red. Pa raised his eyes to Mark and William, his tongue pressed between his lips in a calculated look. \"Boy?\" He asked, his voice loud and sudden, William dropping his eyes from me in an embarrassment that visibly curled up his neck. Pa's hand darted from the plate to the fork still stuck and shoved it inside his sleeve, the sharpened tips of metal glinted from his cuff. He glanced over at me, smirking faintly and pushing the fork deeper into his sleeve. \"Gotta protect you somehow, love,\" he said, his voice lowered gruffly and he winked before turning back to his plate, again dug back into its meat.[Chapter 6] I replaced the previous chapter with my updated work before realizing it would not notify people. This chapter is now the same as the one before except the one before has my \"disclaimer\" at the top explaining why it has been so long and what to expect. My footsteps shuffled over the parched earth, the cooled bite of the night air stung under my skin like a thousand needles. The light from the windows of the house dug into the details to either shade or illuminate them, Rose standing uneasily with her reins tightened in Potter's hands. Everything inside me fell in relief and she tossed her head slightly, her hoof beats shifted through the dirt as if she shared my thought. \"Oh, no, no, no, no,\" Tucker urged, stepping in front of Pa with his pistol raised dangerously in his hands. \"This is my horse now.\" Pa stared back at him; his eyes flickered over to Velvet and a set of disappointment to his eyes that only skimmed his surface. \"Come on over here,\" Tucker directed, leading Pa to another horse, the faded light breaking over their steps across the dirt. Pa glanced over at me and I stepped closer to Rose, pressing my lips to her nose and leaning my forehead between her eyes. Her eyelids fluttered against my hair, stirring it and she nudged her head to mine as if in comfort. The scent and warmth of her pressed to my skin in sweetened reminder and I ran my fingers down her jaw as I pulled away. I walked around Potter and set my foot into the stirrup and swung my leg over, the air frozen through my blood and biting its way numb through my skin. I adjusted myself on the saddle, gripping at the horn and the leather of it stung through my palm and nipping up my arm. Potter held out the reins to me and I grasped them between my hands, the stitching burned icily into my palm. He paused for a moment; the light glinted through the thickened rim of his glasses. He dropped his eyes to his hands and peeled off his gloves, the lightened leather of their insides softened in the shadows. \"Here,\" he said, holding them out to me so the fingers feel uselessly over one another. I paused, the strange kindness of the act conflicted inside me and I raised my eyes to Pa, his eyes stared back at me and his arms patiently folded over the stirrup. I turned back to Potter and carefully took the gloves from him, the leather warmed from his skin and roughened under my fingers. \"Thank you,\" I said quietly, sliding them onto my hands and the feel expanded and hung over my wrists. He nodded, stepping back to his horse and I gritted my hands inside the leather to hold onto their feel, the reins uncertainly gripped between my fingers. The hairs on the back of my neck curled and rose and I raised my eyes, William bent over the hitching post and his eyes frozen to mine like an icy fire burned in their depths. I dug my fingers deeper into the gloves, the stitching burned under my nails and a sense of sudden darkness and emptiness twisted inside me as it dawned on me that I may never see him again. The feel plummeted deeper and I readjusted my hold on the reins, everything inside me shattering and falling into an emptiness that had no logic or reason behind it. Rancher stepped up beside him, his hat shaded over his eyes and his voice lowered as he spoke quietly to William. William stood violently, determination burned inside him and intensified to hold stiff every minuscule move he made. \"Let me come with you,\" he insisted through his teeth, the light burned and lit along the back of his neck and curled into his darkened hair. \"Well, you can't,\" Rancher patiently responded, his hands folded over the hitching post and dug along the lines of its shape. \"I could help,\" William insisted, his breath clouded in the air and his shoulders violently raised and fallen in a desperation that seemed to bruise along his skin. \"You're fourteen years old,\" Rancher politely pointed out, the light burned along his face and goldening the edges of it. \"Look, I can ride faster and shoot better than any one of them,\" William continued, glanced back at us and his gaze catching mine, like skin tearing when he looked away. \"The Pinkerton's hurt, Potter's no good, that railroad man's dead weight, and that other bastard …\" He broke off, Alice speaking too softly for me to hear and he lowered his eyes, something suddenly broken and heavy in his shoulders. \"I … need to go,\" he said, his voice almost too low for me to catch and he raised his eyes, a desperation that seemed to tear at the unbearable broken in them. \"Please …\" Rancher glanced over at me and I turned away, the bite of the air nipped at my cheeks to lacework them pink. \" … Just a girl,\" Rancher murmured, his head turned so the brim of his hat clipped in shadow. William shoulders tensed angrily and he looked back at me before pushing himself off the hitching post and marching back into the house, each footstep ached in their sound and what they meant. \"So, boys, where are we headed?\" Pa asked cheerfully, a grin of enjoyment to his lips that creased along his jaw. \"Ain't none of your business where we're headed, Wade,\" Tucker roughly pointed out, his breath clouded in wisps in the chilled air. \"You're a prisoner. You don't speak, you don't piss, you don't goddamn breathe unless we say so. Same goes for your daughter.\" He glanced over at me, his teeth bare beneath his lips in malice. \"You understand that?\" Pa smiled wider in response, biting onto his lip as if he was holding back a laugh to a joke only he understood. \"We're taking you to Contention,\" Byron answered, the sound of his horse broken onto the grass and the faded light darkened into the strands of his beard. \"Putting you on the 3:10 to Yuma day after tomorrow.\" \"Shouldn't have told him that,\" Tucker said through his teeth, the reins tightened in his hands and the pressure of it lined along Velvet's face. \"Relax, friend,\" Pa assured him, his grin twisted to a smirk. \"Now if we get separated, I know where to meet up.\" He turned to me and winked, clicking his tongue to urge his horse forward in uncertain steps. \"I'd like to thank you for your hospitality, ma'am,\" he directed to Alice, her face buried to Rancher's shoulder and barely raised at the sound of Pa's voice. \"Hope I can send your husband back alright.\" Rancher pulled from her grasp and glared at Pa, the light broken over his face and traced over it to sharpen it dangerously. I adjusted my hold on the reins, twined between my fingers and clicked my tongue to urge on Rose, my hips jerked somewhat as she fell into careful step. I licked over my lips as the other horses gathered and stepped, their heads lowered with their breaths clouded in the chill. I sank my teeth into the skin of my lip to steady myself from looking back and seeing him one last time. Don't turn back, don't turn back, don't … instinct sank its teeth into my chest and I turned back to look for him; desperately scanning the house for any detail or sign and finding it standing at the window. His gaze locked onto mine and I felt frozen by it; the ache that instinct left throbbing like its own separate heartbeat in my chest and in my ears. I followed the line of shadow down his nose and over his cheeks; the image of him blurred by the distance and candlelight but I could still see it like he was standing right in front of me. Rose's flank shifted back and forth beneath me, the muscles bruised along the inside of my thighs. I blinked rapidly, every sense of me faded and muffled with exhaust and cold and adjusted the hold of the reins in my hand. William's face burned through my memory, every detail intensified and raw like a shock that burned through me to boil my blood. \"You know, Byron,\" Pa began; his voice casual and light in the chilled air, the faint moonlight caught and carved along the sharpened sketch of the mountains. \"My Crew knows every back road; they'll be on that Marshall by dawn.\" \"What makes you sure they'll come for you, Wade?\" Tucker asked in twisted enjoyment. \"And why should they? They got all the money.\" \"Oh they'll be coming,\" Byron assured him, his voice roughened in the cold like a blade that had rusted. \"They're lost without him. Like a pack of dogs without a master.\" The reins fell slack in my hands and I righted myself, the feel of them tightened and entwined between my fingers. \"Don't be nervous, Doc,\" Pa politely said, his shape shifted on top of his horse and his stance held high like neither sleep nor cold could touch him. \"Just have yourself another drink.\" Doc Potter responded, his voice a bare warm whisper that I couldn't decipher and I blinked again, every part of me hung heavy. Something crunched distinctly and snapped through me like a shock and I tightened the reins in my fingers, Rose falling to a stop with a slight toss to her head. My heart rate caught painfully in my chest and intensified it' beats, Rancher and Byron dropping from their horses with their rifles cocked, the sounds overly loud and aware to my ears. Their footsteps shuffled through the dirt and Pa lowered from his horse, the handcuffs to his wrists clinking and he stepped over to me. \"Get down,\" he murmured, his fingers pressed to my leg in the demand and I swung my leg down from Rose's back, cold seized and broken through my skin as I dropped to the ground. \"That's my boy,\" Rancher said, turned back to Byron and his hand fisted over the barrel of his rifle to hold it back. Everything crashed and shattered inside me, pierced and bleeding through my veins and riding my entire being raw. \"Is that the quiet one or the one who won't shut up?\" Pa asked in boredom, his head tilted in only the presumed look of interest. Rancher turned back to glare at him, walking over to the shape of William and his horse, the edges of him trembled in his movement and the splintered moonlight. \"I left home,\" he called, his voice sharpened and raw, shattered through the air and pressed to every inch of my skin. \"Huh?\" Rancher yelled after, anger in his voice and the tense moves of his steps. He drew closer and their voices dropped only hums that held firm in the air. I couldn't see his face, the faded light only touched and broken over his shape as a desperate reminder that he still stood there. Rancher turned back, every movement of his stiff and even in the broken light a glint of anger in his eyes. William sat uncertainly on his horse and I stared at him, fragmented shades to him only visible and yet my mind clung to them like cracked glass, bleeding between my fingers and yet refusing to release. Pa clicked his tongue and patted me on the shoulder and I dug my fingers into the cantle of my saddle and swung my leg over the seat and fell into the hardened grooves of it. I clicked my tongue to urge on Rose, my every muscle held in trembled force to keep myself from looking back, the gathered hoof steps of the horses around me overlapped and yet dulled in my thoughts. \"It's a difficult age between the hay and the grass,\" Pa said thoughtfully, his hands visibly folded patiently over his lap. \"He's stubborn,\" Rancher simply replied the small mention and detail crackled inside me. \"You can't plant a radish and get an onion, Dan,\" Pa solemnly remarked, his shoulders set with his own confidence that found its place on the edge of arrogance. \"Don't talk to me like you know me, Wade. We aren't friends,\" Rancher bitterly answered, his voice darkened and like the sharpened twist of a blade caught in the moonlight. \"You know why I'm so hard to walk away, Dan?\" Pa asked curiously, continued on like he hadn't heard Rancher's words or didn't care either way. \"Why farmers give me shelter and ranches give me food, judges let me off and jailers let me out? You know why? People like me.\" He finished his words with a grin that seized upon the air like it was claiming it, an inaudible chuckle hummed after. \"They take pity on you because of your daughter,\" Rancher replied, his shoulders straightened forward and logic broken between his words. \"That may be true,\" Pa thoughtfully admitted, the words played over his lips like they were his own thoughts and not Ranchers. He turned back to glance at me, a smirk touched along his jaw before straightening forward again, his tongue clicked to urge on his horse. I sank my teeth into my lip, the frozen bite of blood bitter coated along my tongue, burned through my throat and pressed along my skin in a resentment that twisted along me like the rusted flesh of broken metal. The fire crackled restlessly, the flames caught and sparked up into the darkness with pops of red and gold faded. I shifted against the rock; the broken edge of it pressed to my back and dug itself under my skin. Pa stared into the flames, the reflection goldening their edges and looking for all the world like he didn't have a care or worry that could break him. He glanced over at Doc Potter, a smirk along his jaw and I followed his gaze, the Doc pressed over his shoulder with a flask to his lips. \"So,\" Butterfield began, his voice sudden in the near stillness of the air and his pistol clinking between his fingers. \"Were you conscripted into Lincoln's army, Mr. Evans or did you volunteer?\" \"Neither,\" Rancher said quietly, staring down at something between is gloved fingers, the golden details of it collected in the firelight and he slipped it back into his jacket, his face etched in sudden thought. \"Maybe both.\" \"What does that mean?\" Butterfield asked, his eyes darted between his pistol and back to Dan, the flames flickered orange over his face. \"Means I was a volunteer …,\" Rancher began, his back perfectly pressed and shaped against the rock behind him. \" … In the Massachusetts State Guard. Then, in '62, the federal government was running low on men, so they called in the state militia's to protect Washington.\" \"And that's when you got hurt,\" Pa gathered, his tongue played behind his parted lips and his forehead creased in thought. I shifted further down against the rock, the crunched grass beneath me broken and the burn of the fire pressed deeper up my legs. He turned back to Rancher, the alternated shadows and light crumbled over his face and neck. \"What are you doing out here, Dan? You got a family to protect. You're not a lawman. You don't work for the railroad like Mr. Shiny shoes over there.\" He tossed his head in Mr. Butterfields direction, his shape burying itself under his jacket and his pistol still tightly gripped in his hand. \"You're not a Pinkerton.\" He stared down at Rancher, his eyes calculated and with a precision like he was applying pressure to see what could make him break and crumble. \"Maybe I don't like the idea of men like you on the loose,\" Rancher offered, his head to the rock and a sort of exhaustion that him that was like a roughened second skin. \"Its men's nature to take what he wants, Dan,\" Pa smirked, the turn of his face broken in the firelight. \"That's how we're born.\" \"Well, I make a honest living,\" Rancher quietly assured, the sound of his voice soft and faded. \"It might be honest, but I don't think it's much of a living,\" Pa pointed out, a grin widening and re-carving the firelight along his jaw. \"You must be hurting bad for money to take this job.\" \"Go to sleep,\" Rancher tiredly said, his fingers gestured as if through sheer will he could make Pa shut his eyes and close his lips. Pa stared back at him, the edges of his face tinted orange and the tiniest shards of a smirk pressed to the corners of his lips and etched along his face. \"I imagine debt puts a lot of pressure on a marriage,\" He observed simply, his gaze fallen to his hands and slowly turning them over in the firelight so their shadow eerily shaped and twisted over the dishevelled dirt. \"You imagine?\" Rancher dryly asked, his head raised and the movement cutting the shadow from his hat severely over his face. \"What would you know about marriage? We can't all be cutthroats and thieves.\" His words came out pronounced and heavy, a sharpness burned to them that seemed to spark and crackle in the chilled deadened air. \"Well, I know if I was lucky enough to have a wife like Alice, I'd treat her a whole lot better than you do Dan,\" Pa said matter of factly, a faint smile of amusement at the end of his words nearly faded but instead sketched darkly by the flickering flames up his jaw line. \"I'd feed her better, buy her pretty dresses, wouldn't make her work so hard …\" His voice dropped lower and the flames flickered sharper along his face, a glint of something in his eyes that ran itself bitter and raw. He stared at Rancher for a moment, his eyes tracing over his face as if he were running a knife along his skin and calculating the moment to apply the pressure and watch him bleed. \"…Yeah, I'll bet Alice was a real pretty girl before she met you.\" \"You shut your mouth,\" Rancher snarled, on his feet and across the fire, throwing himself to his knees in front of Pa as if in prayer but for the gun in his hands. He forced it up and under Pa's chin and against his throat, turning it at an angle so if he turned sharply enough he would break Pa's neck. \"Shut your mouth. You shut your mouth about my wife. You say one more word I'll cut you down right here,\" he leaned in close to whisper the harsh threat yet I heard it like a blunt knife working its way into my chest. He tilted his head forward so his nose almost touched Pa's and a glint in his eyes of animalistic hatred that I couldn't explain away as firelight. Pa found it as I did, a look of knowing crossing his eyes as he recognized the wound that he had made; that he had torn too deep but that the reward was all the better for it. \"I like this side of you, Dan,\" he said, a brief incline of his head in approval and awe to his work. \"Mr. Evans,\" Mr. Butterfield reprimanded, standing and leaning over the fire with his hands on his hips and tucked under his jacket. His Adam's Apple bobbed as he nervously swallowed and shuffled his steps back and forth in impatience before the Rancher slowly pulled back. He kept his eyes on Pa as he went back to his perch by the rock and his movements slower this time and crackling over one another like they weren't supposed to be done in succession like this. I watched, my mouth dry and film on my tongue as he settled himself with his head bowed and gun clutched to his chest. He raised his eyes as if he felt me watching him and I stared; the weight of his eyes holding me and the note that they were the same colour as Williams. \"My watch now,\" Turner said, speaking from the shadows between the Rancher and Pa and I tore my gaze away from him to note the smirk in his voice and click as he adjusted holding his gun to his chest. Mr. Butterfield took his words for a reclaiming of control and tentatively went back to his space with his eyes now on Turner who was staring down Pa like an animal he was hunting and had cornered and wounded. Pa seemed not to notice it though; smiling to himself as he went over what had happened and how the outcome had worked in my favour. He felt me watching like my gaze held a weight that he had decided not to shrug off. He looked up and something solemn touched his eyes when he noticed me like he was repeating to himself a joke and discovered that it wasn't funny. \"Here,\" he said, reaching and bundling up his jacket that laid beside him and throwing it up and over to me. It landed heavy on my legs and I curled my fingers under the collar to pull it up onto my torso and chest. It smelled like smoke and burnt grass and I pressed my nose into the leather to keep my eyes down and away from the uneasy silence that had fallen on the fire. ","Summary":" The sun burned its heated mark down on the back of my neck, weaving its way through the loosened st"},{"Movie":"Green Street Hooligans","Title":"Skip to My Brit My Yankee","Author":"strangefish","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5278930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Poor Matt Hmmmm. . . Where to now? Thinks Ellie, as she stared at a colorful world map in the New Zealand airport. I think I'll go home, and then go to England. Dani should be there; it'll be nice to see her again. So, there you have it. Back to America it was. So she bought herself a connect-it plane ticket (it's what she called them, anyway.) This meant she was stopping in Portland, and then going home; then headed to Heathrow airport. She settled back cozily into the coach seat in between the guy with the bad comb-over and the nice lady with the screaming child. After a tearful reunion with her family with the usual \"You're leaving?? But you just got here! You couldn't spend a little time with your family? At least stay the night.\" when she got home, Ellie was up at five A.M. getting ready for her flight from Portland. Finally managing to get on to her flight, after many promised extended (but not too extended) visits, she plops down in-between a teenager with headphones in and what looked like her sister arranging m and m's just so on her tray. \"You know you're going to have to put those away soon, right?\" Ellie quirks an eyebrow. \"Yeah, but I'll just start over. We've got at least six hours, right?\" the girl drawls. \"Yeesh, you're right. Need any help?\" … About six hours and forty minutes later with a 15 minute waiting period, she gets on her connect-it plane at Boston, sitting now in between what could have been Frodo's stunt double and a stiff business CEO. Or it looked like it, anyway. She didn't mind stereotyping people. After about six hours solid sleep, Ellie wakes up drooling slightly on Frodo's shoulder. \"Oh! Gosh, I'm so sorry! I didn't hit you, did I? I hate jet lag! Ellie gasped, sitting up really fast and hitting her head on the compartment that held the oxygen masks and dropping them down. \"Ugh, dang it! I hate it when that happens,\" as she carefully stuffs them back into place. \"Um, it's ok, no, you didn't hit me, and how often does that happen? \"Oh, good, I don't usually hit things in my sleep, but I've been known to violently twitch,\" Ellie replies, rubbing her head. \"And how often does the mask thing happen?\" Frodo raises his eyebrows, his mouth twitching upwards. \"Oh, every time I jump about in my seat while I'm on a plane,\" she chirps. \"Do you jump in your seat on planes a lot?\" \"Recently, yeah,\" Ellie shrugs. \"Ouch, why?\" \"There's usually plenty of things to be excited about while I'm on a plane.\" \"Like what?\" asks Frodo, looking very curious. \"Like going to a country I've never been to,\" says Ellie simply. \"Oh… ok then,\" says Frodo, not sure where to go with the conversation next with this odd person. \"Hey, what's your name, anyway? \"'Cause if I keep calling you Frodo in my head, it's going to stick that way.\" \"Oh,\" he chuckles, \"It's Matt, I get the Frodo thing a lot.\" \"Oh, does it annoy you?\" \"Not really.\" \"Oh, well that's good.\" Five minutes later, Ellie has an empty can of Coke that proves to be very entertaining. \"Hey Matt, I have a question; say you bite the lip of a pop can. Why do you drool like crazy even if the can is just in between your front teeth? And please don't take that in a dirty way, I'm genuinely asking,\" asks Ellie as she balances it on fish-lips and the tip of her nose. Matt sprays out the water he was about to swallow. \"What??\" The can now balanced by its tab on the tip of her nose, Ellie asks, \"Didn't you hear me?\" \"Uh, haha, I heard you, but… how the hell do you do that?\" There was a slight jolt as the plane landed. \"Huh?\" Ellie looks around the plane, dropping her can. \"I don't remember the warning saying we were descending.\" \"You were asleep, remember?\" Matt gestures to the damp spot on his denim jacket. \"Oh. Yeah. Sorry about that, I'm usually a talker, not a drooler,\" She says, as she pulls a grimace. \"So have you been to England before?\" \"Nope. But I always told my friend Dani I'd come visit her when I could. You?\" \"Nope. But I decided to pay a visit to my sister since I didn't really feel like talking to my dad after getting kicked out of Harvard,\" Matt confided. He didn't know why it was so easy talk to her about problems he didn't even know how to deal with, but she had a certain disarming, honest air about her. \"Aw, bummer, man. It sucks that you don't want to talk to him, you should always feel that your parents will support you no matter what, but I understand. You can tell me about getting kicked out after we get off and get our stuff,\" Ellie replies while getting her carry-on down from the overhead shelving. \"Do you even know where I'm going? Do you even know where you're going?\" Matt could only be half surprised at this point, since everything she said was unpredictable. \"Nope and nope, but I gotta start somewhere, my intuition usually serves me pretty well, and I feel like following you,\" A slow smile was creeping on to her face. \"What if I didn't want you following me?\" Matt glanced up with a slight smirk trying not to laugh. Not even looking around, Ellie finally yanks her bag down with a final jerk, \"I figured you wouldn't mind the company, you don't seem too put-off by me, and you've never been to England and probably aren't that outgoing, so that's what I'm for, even though we both know I don't know what I'm doing… but if you don't want me around, I'm sure I can handle myself. See ya around,\" she gets in line to disembark from the plane \"Well I didn't say I didn't want you around, I just said what if. I'm sure I'm in for a long fun afternoon,\" Matt adds hurriedly. Ellie whips around with a full grin on her face and squeaks, \"Yay! I didn't think you'd disappoint.\" Matt eyed her warily,\" Should I be worried about that grin?\" \"Oh, no, I just love adventuring. Especially when someone's with me,\" Ellies eyes glaze over in her happy state. As Matt is shaking his head and chuckling, he just now notices how tall this girl is. She had to be about six feet tall or so. Wow. Despite her happy and bubbly demeanor, her very shape and the way she carried herself instinctively told others she was an alpha and a leader not to be messed with. \"You're a big girl,\" Matt blurts out. Shit! Girls hate it and freak when you say something like that. This one might be weird, but she's still a girl.. Shit, I hope she doesn't kick my ass, we're right in front of the stairs, It's gonna hurt when I'm thrown down them… Ellie half giggles, then groans as she looks down and says, \"Ugh, I know, no matter what I do and how much weight I lose, that cup size refuses to recede.. Oh! You mean my height! Yeah, I get that a lot, it's ok, I know how big I am and how much I weigh, and I've never made that big a deal about it. No worries mate.\" \"Whew!\" Matt blows a big sigh of relief, \" I thought for a second you might just kick my ass,\" He says, letting out a couple nervous heh hehs. \"Oh, nah, man, I might not look it, but I'm a huge pansy. I bruise easily and whine a lot. I'm probably more worried about you hitting me, to give you an idea,\" Ellie admits breezily. \"Ha! I've never been in a fight in my life,\" laughing at the thought, Matt realized he actually had no clue what to do were he attacked. \"Really? Huh. You'd think with your size and pretty eyes and hair, you would have been a target begging for a shiner,\" Remarked Ellie as she eyed him curiously. \"A shiner?\" Asked Matt, almost hesitant to know. \"Oh, kinda like a black eye. People use it as slang for anything ranging from a black eye to half your face bruised up.\" \"Oh,\" Wondering how she knew, Matt studied the girl a little. She wasn't a complete pansy, no matter what she said. This was apparent on the semi-defined muscles you could see on her arms when the sleeves on her tee shirt fell back a little. She wasn't skinny, but she wasn't huge, either. Matt guessed her to be somewhere around 230 pounds or so. Her redish-brown hair was gathered in a messy bun at the base of her skull. Actually, when he looked closer he wasn't sure what color her hair was. It definitely had some red low-lights, but it had some dirty blonde highlights in it too. Only the tips looked to be dyed a faded red of some sort, like she had let her hair grow out without dyeing it. When her bangs flicked out of her eyes, he saw greenish hazel irises surrounding a severely contracted pupil, which he assumed out of excitement. \"Heeellloooo…. Anyone home?\" Ellie was tapping his temple with her head cocked to the side. Matt jumped out of his revere as he focused back in. \"Haha, it's ok, I do that all the time,\" Ellie starts laughing delightedly as they were leaving the airport, Ellie with two big suitcases and her carry-on, and Matt with his one suitcase. Ellie had her biggest suitcase strapped to her back somehow, her carry-on over her shoulder, and her other suitcase wheeling behind her, yet she still seemed to be sliding and sort-of tap dancing down the sidewalk. \"Eeeeeee…AAAhhhhhh…ahahahaaa… I hope we're walking; it's the best way to navigate a city. Heeeeeeee…. Ah, Michael Buble`, I love you. Haha, coincidence I have a foggy day in London town stuck in my head, gotta ove the random jukebox in my head.\" \"Um, yeah, we'll be riding the uhhh… tube, is what it says here toward my sisters, who's Michael Buble`?\" Matt wasn't sure how he was going to explain this to his sister, she'd probably be just as confused as he was, but she might not go along with it as easily, he wasn't sure. He surveys Ellie practically vibrating on the spot and compares her to his sister… no, probably not. \"Never mind, what's your sisters name again?\" asked Ellie. \"Shannon… Look, I don't know how to explain th-\" \"Oh, don't worry about it. I'll see you get to her then be on my way, I've got something to do.\" \"Oh, well, we're meting at Banks station,\" said Matt as he squinted at the tube map. \"Cool. Where's that?\" Ellie slows her dancing and skips a little over to where Matt stood pointing at his map, one of three that she saw in his hands. She sees where he's pointing and asks, \"Here, can I see that? And those?\" \"Yeah, do you want some help with those? Ill take the one on wheels so you don't have to hold it while you're looking at the maps..\" \"Sure, hang on,\" She whips the suitcase around from behind her and stands it up so he can take the handle. \"Mind you, it's a little heavy.\" \"No problem,\" Matt takes the handle, tilts the suitcase to hold it better, and not having taken her that seriously, promptly dropped the suitcase handle on his toes by tilting it too close to him. Sighing, Ellie wonders aloud, \"Am I the only one who understands the delicate relationship between suitcase and person?\" \"Sorry, didn't realize it was that heavy.\" Matt then wondered how heavy the bigger one was. \"'S alright, everyone who knows me knows I carry heavy bags and don't even think about it. You just don't know me well enough yet.\" He hands over the suitcase and maps so she can look at them, and as she's studying them, he hears her muttering, \"Hmmm…k… that one's not needed.. Ok. Got it.\" \"Alright, so from what I understand, the tube map will be helpful if you can get a full size one rather than a display one in the corner of a brochure for a restaurant, This is a good one for tourists, since it's got little maps to what are probably ridiculously priced vendors, and this third one is written in French,\" She tells him as she throws the maps over her head and they land in a passing garbage truck. Men, she thinks, I thought they didn't like maps or asking for directions. Matt blushes and mutters, \"Well at least there were pictures…\" \"Come on, this way!\" she gleefully cheers as she grabs Matt by the arm and starts skipping down the street while singing something he didn't quite catch in time with each skip. \"Wait, where are we going?\" Asks Matt with difficulty, as he had to run and jump to keep from falling over when his suitcase kept hitting the back of his foot from the bounding skip Ellie had launched into. She looks over at him and says, \"We're going to find a station, Goose, what else would we be doing? \"Well why are we skipping?\" Getting slightly desperate to slow her down so he could stop the pain in his foot, he starts pulling on her sleeve. This seems to work as she comes to a halt \"I dunno, seems like a good idea. Guess I should've warned you.\" Matt catches his breath then sighs, \"Hang on...\" \"Okay!\" Ellie grabs his right hand in her left and waits for him to get himself situated, humming to herself and watching Matt shake his head at what seemed to be developing to one series of head shaking a minute. Suitcase firmly in hand, he braces himself,\" Okay, I'm ready.\" \"Wait! Before we start again, you have to sing with me. You know the song skip to my loo?\" \"Yeah, my Gran used to hum it,\" Matt was wishing he had a doorframe or something to gently hit his head against at this point. \"Oh good, you know the tune, then. I'll skip somewhat small so you don't have to over-exert yourself. Alrighty, ready Freddy? One, Two, Three!\" Matt took a deep breath and he started skipping with her through people down the street, lowly singing loo loo skip to my loo. \"You gotta be louder than that Matt, I can barely hear you, match my tone!\" Cried Ellie, grinning. \" Loo Loo, Skip to my Loo, Loo Loo Skip to my Loo, Loo Loo skip to my Loo Skip to my Loo my darling! \" Actually starting to laugh heartily as he belted the words, he found he was really enjoying himself and being carefree while not minding if people stared, this was fun. \"Now that's better!!\" Ellie shouted as she laughed along with Matt and they went singing and skipping on into the tube station and right onto the tube, where they collapsed laughing and barely breathing into adjacent seats.[Chapter 2] A/N: Dear People, I am very sorry not to have updated. I don't particularly know why I haven't but I'm pretty sure I just wasn't sure where to go with it. But, my dears, inspiration has struck! If I have a lot of typos, I blame my mother's tiny keyboard. Bye Matt Practically limp in his seat and breathing a bit harder than usual, Matt flopped his head back against the window and smirked at Ellie who was beaming at him across the way. Ellie giggled, \"Ah, I love when people just go with me. It makes me happy\" Matt settled his arms over his stomach; scrolling his eyes over the insides of the subway they were on, letting Ellie have her apparent moment of bliss. He watched people eye her a bit warily, most inching away, but some just smiled. Looking some of the people over, he wondered why they were inching away. Then he thought about Ellie's first impression on him, and if she hadn't been talking to him he probably would have assumed she was either insane, a hit man (hit woman?), or both. Hearing her sigh, he looks over to see her still smiling. Idly, he wondered if she ever stopped. Glancing around again, Matt asked Ellie, \"Are we even on the right train?\" \"Tube,\" Corrected Ellie, \"but I dunno. I'll ask.\" And promptly turning to the woman next to her, queried, \"Excuse me, do you know how to get to… Where was it again, Matt?\" She looked over at him with pursed lips. \"Banks Station.\" \"Right, Banks Station, could you tell us how to get there from here?\" Ellie turned back to the woman with a hopeful expression on her face. \"Sure,\" Replied the woman easily, \"Get off stop after next, you should see a big sign with a bunch of different colored lines on it, and find the one that goes by Banks.\" Ellie beamed in appreciation, \"Thanks a lot. Helpfulness is hard to come by at times.\" \"No problem,\" The woman added. She leaned toward Ellie and put a hand on her arm and softly asked, \"You're from the states, aren't you?\" \"Yeah, both Matt and I over there, why do you ask?\" \"Not everyone will be as friendly as me when they hear your accent. Just be prepared for anything from disdain to hatred,\" The woman warned. Ellie furrowed her brows slightly and asked, \"Why? Aren't prejudices frowned on?\" \"By and large in England and against Americans, no.\" \"Huh. Well, thanks for all your help,\" Ellie's smile flew right back to her face. \"No problem,\" the lady smiled back. Matt had simply been looking on at the conversation, but he missed pieces of it. All of a sudden Ellie zapped her head up and grinned at Matt. \"Let's play twenty questions!\" She crowed. \"Uh… ok,\" was his brilliant answer. \"But this is no ordinary set of twenty questions. These are questions we ask about each other, not an object. And really, we can ask as many as we like\" \"Um, alright, who goes first?\" Matt had decided to just go with the flow, this looked to be interesting. And maybe he could find some sort of pattern or anything like that to her, he was becoming more and more intrigued with her the more he was around her. \"You can go first,\" she almost sang back. \"Alright, what's your favorite color?\" \"Well that's a bit of a lame start, but purple.\" \"Hey, you never specified that questions had to be original,\" Matt defended himself. \"Just giving my perspective. Anyhoo. How did you get kicked out of Harvard?\" Matt made a face. He was going to have to explain this to Shannon, too. \"My roommate was a major cocaine addict. I'm pretty sure he's a dealer, too. But somebody tipped security off and they found bags of it in my closet. He probably had it in there the whole time, just in case.\" \"Wow, that really sucks,\" Ellie grimaced slightly in a show of sympathy, \"That's just a whole level of douchebaggery he's got covered there.\" Matt cracked a huge grin and laughed out loud, \"Ha-ha, yeah no shit, I guess.\" Ellie smiled back, happy he could cheer him up. It's one of the things she liked to do in life. \"So anyway, question two,\" Matt mused to himself. \"Why exactly did you decide to go to England?\" Ellie leaned back in her chair and relaxed against the window, looking out the window to the black tunnel wall the tube was barreling past. \"Because I felt like it, mostly. I've been traveling a lot; this is just one of my many stops.\" Matt noticed her suitcase then, the one he had dropped on his foot, and noticed stickers all over it. He only got to glimpse one with palm trees on it and another with the Pyramids of Giza before Ellie stood up and blocked his view. \"This is our stop,\" her bright eyes fixed on the platform ahead, her fingers were starting to twitch around the handles and straps of her bags while the train tube came to a stop and the doors opened. A voice over the intercom was chanting \"Mind the gap\" over and over, like a mantra. As people were filing out of the doorway, Ellie looked around quizzically. \"What gap?\" All of a sudden, the toe of her right foot went straight down a chasm between the edge of the platform and doors. Gasping, she quickly tried to jump onto the other side and right herself, but as her foot left the lip of the tube, the other side of those toes caught on the wall of said platform, thereby sending her sprawling on her face. \"Oh,\" her voice muffled by the surface of the floor, \" That gap.\" Matt's hands were at her arms as he was saying, \"Jeez, are you ok?\" It looked like a nasty fall and he wondered if she had broken her nose. He helped her up to find her snorting in laughter. \"Man, that would have been great if someone had a camera.\" Matt started shaking his head for the he didn't know many times. Even though there was a bit of resistance he convinced Ellie to sit down for a minute. They were getting a lot of incredulous looks and eye rolls. After she had stretched and resituated her bags, Ellie looked at Matt an hopped up. \"Alright, let's find that map.\" \"Map,\" pointed Matt. \"Ah! I see!\" Ellie started letting forth a frenzy of hysterics. \"Heeeee heeeee haaaaaa, Matt pointed out the map! Ah, I just love internal near-rhymes. Anyway, very good work, Watson!\" she almost yelled in the building in an odd sort of Sean Connery voice. \"Was that a Sean Connery impression?\" \"Why, yes, yes it was. An English Connery, to be exact. We are Americans incognito, no?\" She grinned to herself. I don't know, I think our cover might have been blown,\" Matt winked up to her. \"Hey, you winked! You're getting more and more carefree by the minute,\" Ellie hopped about. Matt chuckled as they made their way to their next means of transportation. \"I have another question for you.\" \"Shoot.\" \"What were you studying at Harvard?\" Ellie looked at him curiously. \"Oh, journalism. I worked for the paper at school and all that,\" Matt replied. \"Bleh. I took a journalism class in high school and it was the only class I flunked. To this day I've stuck with creative writing. You know, fiction. Though they're practically the same thing,\" she teased. \"Hey, I was an honest journalist, thank you very much,\" Matt stuck his tongue out at her, studying the big map in front of them. \"Hey, I found take the one that arrives just over there in ten minutes,\" he gestured off to their left. The questions continued back and forth while they waited for their train and kept going while they were on the train, Ellie occasionally dropping her voice in various accents and even getting Matt to join in on a German one. Almost to Banks Station Matt fired a question back at Ellie because they were going at top speed, 'What's your favorite hobby to pass the time?\" A thoughtful look came over her face as she said, \"Well, I absolutely love to sing, but I have terrible stage fright, I love to read, and I seem to have a great talent for flower arranging, so I garden, too.\" Matt was considering this when she threw one back, \"Who's your favorite musical artist?\" Immediately blushing he mumbled back, \"Next.\" \"Ah ah ah, that's against the rules! No skipping,\" She sing-songed. \"No way. Not telling.\" \"Why?\" \"It's embarrassing. I refuse.\" I'll tell you something embarrassing about me if you tell me,\" Ellie threw her puppy dog face in for good measure. Matt gave in, sighing, \"Fine. Avril Lavigne.\" There was a beat of silence before Ellie immediately started giggling as the doors to their second tube started opening. Mind the gap. Mind the gap. Mind the gap. Mind the gap. Mind the gap. Mind the gap. \"Okay, okay, I get it! Ellie grumbled as she carefully hopped over the small gap. \"See, you're laughing! This is why I never tell people.\" Matt complained. \"Well, I never promised I wouldn't laugh, but that's not why I'm laughing. She's one of my dad's favorites, and I don't know how much manlier looking you can get than him,\" Ellie smiled, still laughing in the mirth of her memory when she came home and found her dad lip syncing into her hair brush blasting Avril throughout the house. \"Anyway, dad has a video of me sleep-dancing in a tutu on Christmas eve,\" Ellie told him in a matter of fact way. Matt found himself nearly incapacitated by laughter as the mental image invaded his head, \"Yeah, that really does make me feel better. Only you would be able to sleep-dance,\" he managed to say between gasps for air. Ellie was smiling wryly down at him,\"I figured it would. We're actually on the waiting list for America's funniest home videos.\" \"How can something like that be on the on the waiting list?!\" Matt was still almost howling with laughter. Ellie shrugged, \"Ah haven't tha foggiest,\" in a southern accent. \"Well, this is Banks station and the stairs to go to the street,\" Sobered, but still grinning Matt suggested, \"Ladies first?\" Ellie cracked another grin herself, \"Always,\" as she bounded with her suitcases at an impressive speed up the stairway. Matt struggled after, but found she was waiting for him halfway up. \"Well come on. Don't want to be late for your sister,\" she encouraged. \"Hey do you want to meet her? I'd be happy to introduce you two.\" \"I would love that, but I'm running behind schedule. Gotta find Dani and all,\" Ellie smiled a bit wistfully as she glanced at her watch. Which happened to be black and green with a skull and crossed guitars. \"Oh,\" Matt's face falling slightly of them parting ways. \"Well, I hope you find what you're looking for,\" he added as held his hand out to shake. Ellie was suddenly frozen for a moment, suspended in time as though oblivious to it. Her eyes grew distant and far away when Matt had said the casual parting sentence. Find what she was looking for, indeed… Seeing him extend his hand out, Ellie burst into an ear to ear grin as she rushed for him and gave him a bone cracking hug. \"It was really great to meet you. Hope and bet we'll see each other again. It is an island country, after all,\" she chortled. And with that, she was already floating up the stairs and had disappeared onto the street and into the throng of people. Watching her walk away, Matt thought to himself, Oh, I'm sure we will see each other again. I just can't believe that's the last I'm going to see of you… Alrighty! Hope I shall be out with the third chapter soon! Over and out, strangefish.[Chapter 3] Dear reviewers, I would have discontinued the story if not for you. Especially Jonah. Cheers! You! Ellie drifted down one street, then the next, just looking for a pub. This is England, for possums sake! Aren't pubs supposed to be everywhere?! I've only found three! Sighing, Ellie looked around the street again. Ohhh, a pub! And upon spotting this pub, she starts barreling forward, hoping to see familiar face. Crash! Everyone looked at the doors to the pub to see if something had been thrown through them and if it was about to explode. After jumping in her seat near the bar, Dani looked at the door in mild interest, wondering if there'd be any action. To the amazement of most present, what had come tumbling through the door was just a mass of dark colored clothing, three traveling bags, and a massive amount of wavy bronze-ish hair. Letting out a breath, Ellie pops her head up and looks around, \"Whew! I really hope this is the right pub, because it's the fourth one I've burst into dramatically. Oh! That reminds me, TA-DA!\" She throws her arms out wide, showing a copious amount of teeth. There were a few moments of silence that accompanied open-mouthed stares. One pipe dropped to the bar with a loud clatter. A man in a corner jumped up and started clapping. \"Woo, would ya' take a look at this bird, 'ere!\" the man was moving toward her. Ellie started to pick herself up off the floor when the man threw an arm around her shoulders to help her up. \"My name's Swill, and I'll be you're main man around 'ere. And don't listen ta any Jack aroun' 'oo's mean 'cause you're a Yank, I can tehll you'll be like- \"YOU!!\" A screech echoed through the pub, inadvertently demanding silence. Ellie looked up and around, scanning interestedly for the person having the cow and what would probably be a boyfriend getting his ass canned. To her surprise, the young woman who had shouted was glaring at her , chest heaving. Ellie felt her hackles rise as she spied the girl across the room and took a slow breath as she puffed up her impressive height and narrowed her eyes. You could have sworn hissing would have come next from the looks on their faces. Instead, a grin nearly split Ellie's face in two and the two females started spazzing out and running at each other, screaming, \"Ahhhhhh!!!!\" in that girly way when they get excited. You know the sound. Bewildered, Swill watched the two jump around in awkward circles, still screaming in that odd way. He looked over to a man near him, whose pipe had gone out, and looked at the man with a \"what the fuck?\" look on his face. The man returned a \"don't ask ME\" look and huffed out his newspaper, pipe relit. Shrugging to himself, Swill wove his way over to the two ladies, who had finally stopped jumping about, and said, \"Wehll, it's lovely to see reunited friends, but can someone explain to me what the 'ell is goin' on 'ere?\" he looked down at the two, but found he didn't have to look far for the one he'd never seen, since she was only about three inches shorter than him. \"And 'oo's this, Dana?\" \"Dani.\" \"Dani and Dana, fancy that,\" Swill beamed, \"Whell, it's a plea- \"No, she's not Dani, I am,\" Dani said. Swill looked at Ellie, \"Dana?\" Dani raised her voice, \"Ellie!\" Swill snapped his head back to her, \"You jus' said you're Dani!\" \"I am! She's Ellie!\" Dani seethed. \"Then where the 'ell's Dana?!\" Ellie looked around and said mildly, \"Who's on first? Listen. Calm down, both of you. I'm Ellie, that's Dani and as far as I understand, you are Swill, yes? I haven't know a Dana since my freshman year of high school. Better?\" Swill smiled again, all happy go lucky and care free once more. Dani simply rolled her eyes and huffed back down to her seat. Bouncing after her, Ellie grabbed her new friend's hand and dragged him behind. Swill looked at this woman, a slightly almost disbelieving look, but a happy one on his countenance. \"So Doll, -dragging out in an American southern accent, or an attempt at one, anyway- What's your real full name?\" \". True story. But everybody calls me Ellie,\" She threw over her shoulder, smiling. Slightly dazed, and not having caught all that, as was her purpose, he said, \"A'right, Ellie it is.\" \"And I'm from the pacific northwest, not the south, or even the east coast that I've heard you hate the most. So if you feel you need to make fun of my accent, do it right. Ohr ah'll give ye' a blight'!\" She smartly grinned, throwing in the bad British accent just for fun. \"Aye, aye, ma'am. Quite the spitfire, 'aint ya?\" \"Well, my hair's not red today, but I always have the 'tude,\" She waltzed after Dani. Literally. She counted to herself, \" One, two three. One, two three,\" under her breath, spinning around and around blissfully, barely stirring the air around the people sitting at small tables. Once again, Ellie had the entire pub's attention. Opening her eyes and dropping her hands from her imaginary friend's, she looks around, \"What? Oh come on, not many of you can honestly say you've never danced for no particular reason,\" She puts her hands on her hips, \" And if you haven't, either you're boring or can't remember, and that's sad that you've lost that spark of youth.\" She flopped down next to Dani, who was sipping her drink, not blinking an eye. Like most of the pub, Swill stood, bewildered, staring at this out-of-nowhere young lady. But Swill simply smiled, and almost giggled, But looked at Ellie and held his hand out, \" Oi, I wanna try.\" Ellie leaped up, lickety split, and shouted, \"Oh boy!\" although when she leapt up, the cushion promptly sank underneath Dani, bumping her butt against the hard wood, leaving her very disgruntled. Anyway, Ellie bounced over to Swill and took his outstretched hand. Swill looked around, \"Don't we 'ave some form of music around' 'ere?\" Ellie said, \"Eh, we don't really need it, if there's no jukebox. Oooh! I have an ipod! Who needs a jukebox then?!\" She then goes over to her bag, flinging through all sorts of things. Swill had to duck fast to avoid being struck by a pair of purple and black striped suspenders. Dani had to catch a bottle of Oregano leaves to keep them from knocking out a poor old chap at the bar. Or at least, attempt to catch it. Struggling toward her, Dani says with one eyebrow quirked, \"You know, Ellie, this might not be such a great idea. You know your ipod is broken and stuck on shuffle. We have no idea what is going to come out of your speakers. You know you like to be around people more than you like to be alienated. Really, I'm sure we can find something, we don't need your ipod,\" Dani was now nervous as she watched Ellie hook up her speaker and ipod to the wall. \"Oh, quit being such a worry wart. I have Benny Goodman and stuff, it'll be fine.\" \"It's not Benny what's-his-bucket that I'm worried about,' Dani edged toward a far corner of the pub, ready to bolt. \"And anyway, you can dance to any song on my ipod if you do it right.\" Right then, a song flickered to life. It just so happened to be Dr. Love, by KISS. Giggling, Ellie started skipping through songs. Trapt, Def Leppard, Poison, 3Oh!3, Shinedown, Nickleback, My Chemical Romance, Michael Jackson, Benny Goodman, ooh! There it was! She started it from the beginning and turned up the volume, skipping back over to Swill. \"Ready?\" \"I 'ope so,\" Swill chuckled. Standing straight, then Swill copying her, Ellie starts, \"Aaaand… One, two three, one, two three, one, two three…\" So while Benny Goodman's \"Swing The Mood\" played, Ellie pushed Swill's unwilling legs around in circles, and he kept banging into anything possible. Ellie swung to and fro and all over the place, but it just wasn't working for Swill. Ellie thought she heard something to the effect of \"God forsaken Yankee mess of a song…\" Upon hearing this, Ellie let out a small growl and spun out of Swill's grasp, tripping him in the process. \"I don't dance with big band insulters,\" she said coolly, readjusting her pony tail. \"Whell listen, I'd still like to dance, that just wasn't really my cup of tea, mate,\" Swill groaned, on all fours and one hand on his back. She looked at him, lips pursed. \"Well, alright then. Why don't we just try whatever comes on?\" As Ellie turned to fiddle with her ipod, Dani stepped forward. This was just what she'd been afraid of. \"Elle, this was exactly what I was talking about. The odds of the next song happening to be one they might be willing to dance to is slim- And as she was speaking, she was caught off by Aretha Franklin, moaning her way up to the starting note for 'Chain of Fools'. \" Oh god, here we go…\" Dani slunk back to her previous position. Ellie slumped her shoulders and hung her head. But as Aretha began to sing, she squared her shoulders, held her arms at a 90 degree angle in front of her, and began to snap her fingers. Soon she was sliding her feet across the floor, and knees followed each foot, followed by hips, then shoulders. \"Walk this way,\" she smiles, her Cheshire personality emerging. Swill looked around, shrugged, and muttered \"Fuck it.\" And to the amazement of almost all in the building, he started dancing like his inner black woman. Terry leaned up against his bar, torso hanging over the top. He looked over at the woman who earlier had officially been established as \"Dani\" and watched her rub her temple with one hand on her forehead like she was hiding. Sighing, he looked over at the small group that was forming to dance. He looked back over at the girl at the back corner of the bar. \"Fancy the usual Guinness?\" She shook her head, \"Stronger.\"[Chapter 4] Thank you, dearies, for more reviews. So what do you think, longer chapters that might take longer to post, or shorter chapters that I post more? Chapter two About forty five minutes after Ellie and Swill had started dancing, tables and chairs had been cleared and three forths of the pub were dancing, Ellie almost smack in the middle. So far, Micheal Jackson's Thriller had come up, Leona Lewis's Bleeding Love, Stray Cats' Sexy and Seventeen, which they did a sort of square dance to, and many others. After showing first the guys, then the girls certain steps to the Tango, Wlatz, then Cha Cha, she skipped through her music for something big bandish or something like that to dance to. Then she proceeded to double check their frame and state of mind. Well, of sorts. Ellie walked back over to Swill and brushed off his broad squared shoulders, and checked his straight spine. Seeing his somber, almost military look, she giggled and said, \"You can relax, too, and loosen up, just don't lose that frame.\" As the music started, they started to dance again, then Swill finally got it. Still rusty, but definitely getting into it. He swung Ellie to and fro, her kicking up a leg every now and then. As Swill bent Ellie over for the final dip, the door slammed again. Swill looked up, and so did Ellie, but upside down, at the gathering of men at the door. \"What THE FUCK is this?\" A man with dark hair said. Ellie smiled. New friends! Swill, feeling like a deer in the headlights, promptly, but accidentally, drops Ellie with a \"Fump\"! \"Ow.\" With the spell broken, Swill looked down and hurried to help her up, apologizing profusely. The other boys looked on, most with mouths open. Finally gotten to the standing point, Ellie brushes herself off and adjusts her clothes. Then she looked up at the newcomers, to see them properly. Pete had agreed with Dave's outburst, but he had been speechless. He didn't even see what happened next. All of a sudden he heard a ' Hello beautiful!' and the next thing he knew, his body was slammed into a wall. As dust from the ceiling rained down on his head, and his back started feeling the force of impact, he looked around for the bloke who had dared start something in HIS pub. He was about to draw back a fist to punch the bastard, but found his hands pinned to the wall by his head, with considerably smaller hands holding them there with surprising force. He looked straight ahead of him, ready to use his head if need be, and wondered why his boys hadn't come to his aid. But right then the someone in front of him moved, and his eyes snapped back to focus on them. What surprised him was he heard a hiss, then saw a few long locks of hair float up into the air, then the head flicked to the side and all hair was out of it's face. Finally, it all clicked. He became his normal casa nova as he realized he'd been rude and not returned the greeting. \"'Ello there. I usually buy you a drink first, but this'll do,\" he grinned. Swill cleared his throat as Ellie giggled and said, \"Pete, this is Ellie. She's quite the, ah… energetic one.\" \"'ey tha's aright, that energy comes in handy later,\" He grinned even wider. Ellie straightened up slightly, so rather than having each foot on the outside of his, trapping them, she was standing normally. Pete, not expecting to not have to look down so far, hid his surprise by flashing a cheeky wink in Ellie's direction. Winking back, Ellie said, \"I'll take that drink.\" Uh oh, Pete thought. A yank. Her accent was off, but still. They were clingy. And needy. And often emotionally unstable. Ah well. As long as he stuck with the \"shag 'em and leave 'em\" regimen, he should be fine. Even though he didn't use that all the time, it would probably be the best way to do it this time. Plus, this one looked to be fun. So he looked at her and said, \"What'll it be?\" Ellie sauntered back over to the bar and smiled at Terry. \"One screwdriver Terry, if you'd please. This handsome bloke here is buying.\" Terry, trying to hide his laughter because he knew this boy was WAY in over his head, obliged. As most of the boys stood there, still dumbfounded, Danni was still off to the side, observing from afar. What is she doing? This is a whole new level of odd for her. Plus, that one is mine. Though he probably has no idea I'm even in here every day. She sighed, pushing her full shot of tequila around in front of her. She never came for the booze, she came for the show. She loved to watch all of them interact. She kept a low profile so as not to seem creepy, but she just sometimes wished he'd look her way. It seemed no matter where she went, almost always there must have been some vortex of light hiding her from most views. And almost all who saw her instantly forgot her. Excepting Terry and Ellie, along with a handful of others. But speaking of Ellie, what was she doing? She'd always been a flirt but never this… forward. Danni mused on this, trying to be unbiased as the others in the pub adjusted everything back to the norm. Was Ellie desperately needing to get laid? No, that probably wasn't it. As far as Danni knew, Ellie was almost always in full control of her sex drive. Danni thought and thought, but none of it added up. Eventually, a thought struck her. Ellie knew there was a guy that had Danni's attention, and he matched the description. It was possible Ellie had forgotten about this and was totally blown away by his good looks, but not much got by her. She might act like she has no attention span, and had not a care in the world, but she was very shrewd, always catching on to things quickly. As Danni tried to reason this all out in her head, she heard a part of Ellie and Pete's conversation. \"So how's about a telly number, eh?\" Pete said, leaning in and turning up the English accent and charm. Thinking fast, as she had developed a plan already, she took a sip of her drink and said, \"Why don't I get your number? I don't know where I'm staying, so you have no number to call. And I don't have a charger for the UK, so my phone's dead,\" fibbing that last sentence, she felt she had no choice. She didn't want her plan screwed up. Whell, here it is, but y' could awways stay wiv me t'night, too,\" Pete looked at her suggestively. Oh hell no. She wasn't one of those girls. Had she come on too strong? Smiling and tweaking his nose, Ellie replied, \"I think I can come up with something, but thanks.\" Pete sighed and stood up, \" Whell, worth a shot.\" Confused, Ellie looked at him, \"Where are you off to? Just because I turned you down doesn't mean you have to leave. And besides, you didn't finish your drink,\" she took another sip. \"Nah love, it isn't you, it's me,\" he grinned, ordering the rest of his drink to go. \"I gotta head home. School tomrrow.\" \"You go to school?\" She looked up quizzically. \"Yeah, I teach,\" He chortled, interested in her reaction. \"Wow, very nice. Wouldn't have pegged it on you, but hey, I have an Ed degree too, so I know how that goes with the usual, 'You teach?' thing,\" Draining the last of her glass and hopping up, she anounced, \"I should probably be heading off as well. Look for a place to stay and all that. Danni!\" she yelled, looking around for her companion. Danni sighed and set her untouched shot down. Slightly irritated that her musings were disrupted, she set some money on the bar and looked over at Ellie. \"Yes?\" \"Can I board with you? Or do I have to take this one up on his offer?\" jerking her head to Pete at the exit. \"Sure. Bugs and I have an extra room,\" Danni started weaving her way through chairs over to the door. Waving to the general public of the pub, Ellie declared, \"It was nice to meet you all, see you soon!\" and with a wave, she gathered her things and swept out of there at Danni's heels. Several moments passed by, and the Abbey still virtually silent, when Keith piped up, \"Would someone please tell me what the hell that was?\" Surprised how late it had gotten, Ellie looked up at the dusky sky as Danni rounded on her and exclaimed, \"Would you mind too terribly explaining what the hell that was?\" (Probably at the same time Keith had the same query.) Ellie simply giggled an evil giggle and tapped her fingertips together. \"All in good time, my dear, all in good time.\" \"I knew it. I knew you were up to something. What do you have up your sleeve?\" \"Do you have issues with the phrase, 'All in good time'?\" \"As a matter of fact, I do. You know I don't like surprises,\" Danni grumbled. \"Of course I know that. I love surprises, so naturally you do not.\" \"Just don't… do anything to him, okay? This is the one I like, you know,\" Danni looked at her half nervously, half sternly. \"Mmm,\" Ellie made the most non-commital noise as possible. \"You wouldn't.. You wouldn't… End up doing something.. Bad, would you?\" Furrowing her brows, Ellie looked sidelong at Danni, thinking along the same lines. \"No. The plan I have in store is a good one, I wouldn't let anything… Bad.. Happen,\" she replied, subdued. Smiling and rolling her eyes, Danni laughed, \"A good plan? You can't make a good plan. They always go horribly wrong.\" Defensive, Ellie retorted, \"They don't go wrong , they just don't go perfectly to plan. But then, what does?\" A growing crooked grin and a raised eyebrow in Danni's direction. \"Oh, shut up. At least I don't make plans, I just get swept away screaming.\" Danni scoffed. \"It's called an adventure. You should try enjoying it when it comes along.\" Ellie giggled and started stuttering her steps and twirling around, bags flying around dangerously. \"The only reason adventure comes my way is 'cause you come dragging trouble, headaches, and thrown shoes wherever you go. Which hit me, by the way, because I stand next to you. Why do I do these things with you? It never ends well for me. Remember that Italian man that really liked you and you used me as a diversion? Remember how close that was?\" Danni was starting to swat at Ellie now, building up steam over their near misadventures together. Ellie, having stopped dancing in the middle of the street because her feet had caught three times on the cobbles, replied defensively, \"It was the best plan of action that I had, plus, it was funny.\" She had the same look on her face Jack Sparrow did when the announcer of his execution had mentioned the incident when he had to impersonate a clergyman. \"It was not funny. I thought I was going to die.\" \"Oh, you so were not going to die, and you knew it. He wanted to take you out to lunch, for god's sake. I fail to see how that was a life threatening situation,\" Ellie was trying really hard now to hide her laughter. \"Oh really. If that were the case, then why did you get him to go after me and not you? And for that matter, how the hell did you get him to change from you to me? That's still beyond me,\" hands on her hips, Danni looked over to Ellie, harrumphing at the sight of her rolling on the ground howling with laughter and making odd hissing noises. Nudging her with the tip of her boot, Danni rolled her eyes and said, \"Alright come on, time to go find Bugs. Her pub closes down soon, we'll need to catch her,\" and with that, Danni spun on her heel, lost her balance, and would have fallen to the ground if Ellie hadn't grabbed her arm. \"Do you know how long ago you would have broken your hip if I weren't there to catch you all the time, old lady?\" Ellie teased, poking Danni in the arm. \"I'm amazed you made it this long without me.\" \"Pfft. I've been fine. Bored, but fine,\" she stuck her tongue out at Ellie. \"Bored, eh? I dunno how bored I'd be with that bit of eye candy in front of me every day. At least, I assume you've seen him nearly every day for a while now,\" Ellie grinned. \"Oh god, here we go,\" Danni groaned. \"Nah, I'm not gonna bug you too much about it, it's not really here nor there. I've got my plan, and it's going to work.\" Pursing her lips, Ellie put on her \"Deep In Thought\" face. \"I'm not sure about time parameteres, but that's always the unknown factor in most things that are connected with me, huh?\" she grinned again at Danni. Danni just shook her head and decided not to ask. Yet. Right then, however, they rounded the corner just to stop suddenly to prevent a man from falling on them. \"Bugs!\" Ellie yelled, running towards her after droppping her bags. Danni looked to her left and sure enough, there was Bugs, five foot five and enveloped in an Ellie hug. Drawing back, Ellie laughed, \"Why were you throwing a man out a door?\" \"He was causing trouble, same as you always do. How are you, baby girl? I haven't seen you in soooo long! Come in, come in, both of you. You'll always be welcome here, you know that,\" The lady named Bugs was smiling one of the biggest smiles anyone who knew her had ever seen. She ushered both of them in, one on each arm. A few hugs later, Ellie Stretched her arms and yawned. \"So how's that jet-lag? Quite the journey from PDX Portland to Heathrow,\" Bugs passed Ellie another bottle of water from the bartender from her seat of the bar stool next to Danni. \"Ugh, I am fairly tired, but it's not too bad. Could be from getting too much sleep on the planes, too. Oh, that reminds me, I gotta tell you about this guy I met at the plane that probably has no idea what the hell happened to him after he talked to me…\" As Ellie finished her story about poor Matt, Danni snapped her head up, \"Oh no, I forgot to feed Royal this afternoon! I bet he's starved! Come on, let's go, it's late anyway,\" she gestured for Ellie to come along. \"Oh Ellie, make sure you air out the blankets before you turn in,\" Bugs waved goodbye. Ellie smiled and kissed her cheek. She didn't even have to ask. \"See you later, Bugs!\" Somewhere you got a brother sister friend grandmother niece or nephew just dying to be with you. You know there's someone out there who unconditionally religiously loves you so just hold on because you know its true. And if you can take the pain you can withstand anything and one day stand hand in hand with the truth.[Chapter 5] A/N Hey guys, sorry the entire last chapter was underlined, I don't know what was up with that. And I updated that chapter at somewhere around 3:45 in the morning, So the last bit of writing on there were song lyrics, and I forgot to delete them off. But, it's true. Somewhere out there you've got SOMEBODY who loves you and wants to be with you. (Whether romantic or not, I almost never think romantically when it comes too such things) That being said, on with the story! Oh, and by the way, I goofed, Royal's a boy. After much catching up and hugs, Ellie and Danni manage to make it home. Ellie smiled and picked up her bags, following Danni. Then, bolted, a frenzied blur for the nearest bathroom. Danni grabbed one of Ellie's bags, dragging with all her might to bring it further into the house. Raising her voice toward the general direction of the bathroom, Danni said, \"I assume you remember where everything is.\" \"Yup. Unlike some people, I remember things about other people's houses, like where it actually is, for example,\" came from the other side of the door. \"Yeah, well, shut up. Ngh!\" Danni grunted, still pulling on one of Ellie's bags. \"How the hell do you carry all this shit around? Reminds me of school.\" Hearing a chuckle, Danni looked over her shoulder to see Ellie standing right there, taking the bag from her hands. \"You're just a weenie,\" She hefted the bag over her shoulder. \"You know I hate it when you do that vampire thing. And shouldn't you not be lifting heavy stuff over your shoulder with that torn muscle thingy?\" Danni put her hands on her hips. \"What vampire thing?\" Ellie asked too-innocently. \"You know what I mean. How you can be so silent is beyond me. Then again, maybe it's because you make so much noise all of the time that you can be silent as the grave on command for brief moments,\" Danni glared, hands still firmly planted on her hips. \"Hey, I resent that. I can be quiet, I save one day of the year every year where I don't speak a word. You do it sometimes, too. And I can't explain it either, but it sure comes in handy in a tight spot when you need to be completely silent. Like remember that time a guy from the French Foreign Legion kept following us? Came in handy then, didn't it?\" Ellie had a victorious look on her face, knowing she had proven a point. Rolling her eyes, Danni drawled back, \"You do not know for sure that he was from the Foreign Legion. I'm not even sure it exists! Are you sure this isn't one of your conspiracy things?\" \"It is not a conspiracy,\" Ellie huffed, crossing her arms. \"We're just lucky for my silent talent and my rudimentary French. Anyway, I'm- But at that moment, Ellie couldn't finish her sentence, since she was distracted by a deep throated Woof! and she was on the ground with hot dog breath in her face. \"Oof!\" A breath of air whooshed out of her lungs, and her head bonked into the wood floor beneath her. Then her eyes focused in, and a huge grin nearly split her face in two. \"Royal! Oh, boy, you don't know how much I've missed you!\" Giving the hound a fierce hug. Royal pulled back the tiniest bit with a few almost howls and looked her seriously in the eye. Giggling, Ellie squelched her eyes shut as Royal skimmed his nose over every inch of her face and then started licking her, chin to hairline. \"Okay, okay, boy. Okay! I get it, you missed me too. Now back up now, come on,\" Ellie motions, waving her hands backwards and watching the dog awkwardly waddling hind legs first. Ellie wobbled to her feet unsteadily, she had momentarily forgotten how tired she was. She leaned against the massive dog, picking up her bag once again. Changing her mind, she momentarily put down her bag to go look for some fresh fruit to freshen her up a little. Mango in hand, she grabbed her suitcase again. Feeling sympathy when she saw how tired Ellie was, Danni dropped her pose and grabbed the two smaller bags and dragged them up to the spare room. Ellie dragged the suitcase and her feet up the stairs, finally completely out of steam. Thump.. Thump.. Thump.. Went the suitcase ever so slowly up the stairs. Halfway up the stair however, Ellie felt the weight of the trunk lift, and she looked over her shoulder to see royal give her a half wag of his tail, trunk handle in his jaws. Ellie let out a small almost breathless giggle, reminded of how much she loved the fluffy hound. One of the only steady males that had ever been in her life. Finally making it to the top of the landing, Ellie leaned back to try and loosen up her sore back, while reaching with her right hand to massage her left shoulder, where she had mangled the muscles there her freshman year of high school. She staggered forward another two steps, and realized she was way too out of breath. She hadn't even climbed the stairs that fast. She half turned toward Royal, who let out a small whine, unsure if his good friend was alright. Ellie was trying to breathe, but it kept hitching, she couldn't even gasp. It was almost like hiccupping with your mouth shut. Thoughts starting to run into each other, Ellie's eyes started to flutter as her legs gave underneath her, slowly twisting her down in an oddly graceful fall toward the carpet. In a reflexive, last ditch attempt to stay upright, she dropped the suitcase and reached out to the wall to try and catch herself. Royal, his whines getting bigger and bigger, stuck his head under one of her legs in a valiant attempt to catch her. And while this was hardly possible, it did turn her on her side so she didn't get her six foot body stuck in a four foot space. Royal had seen Ellie fall many times before, but never like this. Knowing something was wrong now, he bolted up the stairs as fast as his muscles could push him, barking furiously. He knew he wasn't supposed to run in the house, but his canine senses overrode this. Danni was upstairs, cleaning things and airing them out, assuming Ellie had stopped to pet Royal. But hearing him start to bark, the sheets that were in her hands fell to the floor and she turned to run down the stairs, meeting royal right outside her door. Growling loudly, Royal grabbed Danni's pant leg and dragged her back down the stairs. They came back to Ellie, who was twitching violently, not breathing on the floor. Ellie no longer saw anything clearly, just blurs of colors, framed by black splotches that looked like smoky bats flapping her way. Idly, in a moment of mental clarity, she thought to them, 'Are you my escorts to Hell, then? I know I didn't go to church often, but damn, Lucy could have at least sent Imps or something. But no, I get bats.\" While she was thinking this, it seemed every muscle was contracting and relaxing as fast as humanly possible. About this time, Danni came to her senses once Royal bit her to jump start her into action. Running over to Ellie, she checked to see if she was breathing at all. No. Attempting CPR, Danni put her hands on Ellie's diaphragm, but she might as well have been trying to get a rock to breathe. All her muscles were seized up. Not even giving it any thought, Danni tears into Ellie's trunk, looking for some sort of medication. She prayed to any sort of higher power it was in there, she knew her friend didn't have much time. Desperate, Danni was tearing through Ellie's bottom layer of clothes, her underwear, and was about to toss a pair of boxers behind her when she felt something heavy. Shaking them out, she found a box of small syringes with a lot of tiny typing on it. EpiPen. It might not work, but Danni didn't have many options. It was now or never. Danni decided to take her chance, Ellie had mere seconds left to her, it had been at least four and a half minutes since the attack had started. \"But where to inject it?\" Danni thought to herself. \"Neck, no, too risky. Leg! Major artery in leg!\" Not hesitating a millisecond more, Danni stabbed the needle into the inside of Ellie's leg, holding it steady when it gave an involuntary jerk. She evenly pressed on the syringe, forcing it down. When it was empty, Danni flung the needle off to the side, waiting, crouched on her hands and knees, frozen with fear, staring at Ellie's face. After about a second, Ellie's twitching came to a halt, but so did everything. What air was left in her body exhaled, almost all her muscles relaxed, with a couple final twitches, she rolled halfway onto her back, completely still. Danni sat there a moment, her thoughts completely empty. Hollow. Stuck in disbelief. Royal started to whine, louder and louder, until he was howling. Jerked out of her reverie, Danni scooted herself forward, half grunting, half sobbing. In complete denial, Danni went to put her hands on her again for another attempt at CPR. Danni's hands had barely brushed Ellie's shirt when Ellie's upper half rose upward by what looked like her shoulders, Drawing in the biggest gasp of air she had ever taken. Flopping her head forward, she continued to heave huge gusts of air in and out of her lungs. Her hair swaying toward and away from her face, Ellie was propped up on her elbows. The fact that Ellie was alive sinking in, Danni flung her arms around her neck, slamming Ellie to the floor, bonking both their heads. Both of them shaking, and Ellie reaching up to pat Danni on the shoulder, Danni was just whimpering, \"Oh my god, Oh my god\" over and over. Then, pulling back, she said louder, \"Oh my god. Why didn't you tell me? What the hell was that? Why the hell was that?\" she just looked at Ellie, waiting for some sort of explanation. Ellie just kept staring straight ahead, still breathing, and having a new appreciation for it, at that. \"Hello? You have some explaining to do, missy,\" Danni crossed her arms. Ellie just waved her hand as if to wave her away, she wanted room. She couldn't talk just yet. It was like having the wind knocked out of you times a hundred. \"Don't you just wave me away! This is serious shit! You almost die-\" At this point Ellie just reached out a hand to cover Danni's lips with her fingers. She'd done this before, and it was her signal to shut up. \"It… never… came.. up!' Ellie gasped hoarsely. Danni's eyes narrowed and a low growl came from somewhere in her chest as she took Ellie's shoulders in hand and started to shake harder than she should have, because Royal started growling. Taking a deep breath, Danni folded her hands in her lap and leaned back. Likewise, Ellie took a deep breath and said quickly, \"There really wasn't an opportunity to say anything. Plus I forgot.\" Steadying her breathing and almost speaking normally, she continued, \"Am I just going to mention, 'By the way, I have this severe allergy to some unknown thing that my doctors can't figure out'? I was having waaayyy too much fun to think about too many bummer things,\" Ellie glanced up at Danni, since she was still mostly prone. She was still being glared at, but it didn't look like she had been kept alive just to be throttled anymore. \"And just how many medical issues do you have that I need to know about?\" Danni was still glaring. Ellie grinned, she was feeling better already, though she was definitely more tired than she was ten minutes ago. \"Well, I tell everybody I'm allergic to broccoli and brussel sprouts, but you know how I am with that,\" she was starting to push herself up, and so she did, very slowly up the wall, with a little help from Royal. Danni just watched, she didn't think she would be more help than harm, and for a brief moment, paused to admire her best friend. They were both troopers usually through any sort of medical hardship, though Ellie was usually more foolish. Foolish in the sense that she would try to walk a week after being hit by a bus and getting her spine broken in three spots. Or something like that. She knew when she needed to heal, she just didn't usually care. Danni sighed and started picking up Ellie's clothes that she had thrown about and putting them away. Danni was just folding clothes, not paying attention to what her hands were doing, thinking hard. Allergies? The only thing she knew Ellie was allergic to was bees, and she had a very mild milk allergy, but that didn't stop her from constantly eating dairy products. Hmmm… What had she just been doing? It was probably something she ate, or breathed in, the former more likely, you had to have stuff in your system for that bad of a reaction. It couldn't have been anything on the plane, or the Abbey, that would have taken way too long. Bug's pub? No, that couldn't- Danni had just turned back down the hall looking for more clothing, when she stepped down and heard a squelch. Looking down to see what would give her such a disgusting feeling of something oozing beneath her toes, Danni saw one pulverized mango that was already bitten into. \"Ewwww,\" Danni groaned. \"I hate getting goo in between my toes!\" Letting out a frustrated growl, she hopped to Ellie's room and threw the clothes in her hand onto the bed, then hopped all the way down the stairs to the bathroom so as to not get fruit juice everywhere. Physical pain was not enough to tempt Danni into spreading messes in her own house. The squished fruit was bad enough just sitting there while she had to wipe her foot off. Vigorously scrubbing in between her toes with a vengeance, she finally gets her foot clean. Then after a vigorous cleaning of the carpet, Danni flopped into bed fully clothed, exhausted. A/N: By the way, don't any of you go thinking that any one of your reviews goes unappreciated. I can't send emails to you all to tell you this, so I figured I'd say it here. I'm a little nervous about this one, I'm not sure if you guys will like it. Ah well, here goes.[Chapter 6] Notice Again Sorry folks, I've done it again. I've altered chapters 4 and 5 just the tiniest bit because I had waaayyyy too much going on all in one day, so I decided to break it up a bit. It messes with the movie storyline a little, which is exactly what I didn't want to do, but ah well. So instead of Matt arriving and getting in that fight, he has a pleasant reunion with the family, and gets in the whole Pete mess the NEXT day, and Steve and Shannon have their planned date the next day, and so on and so forth. But! I promise the story will be no worse for the wear, and it'll even balance out so I don't have super action packed chapters and then really boring nothing's-going-on chapters. Hopefully. Events will happen as scheduled, so other than that, the storyline will remain intact. If you want, please skim through the last two chapters to make sure you get that instead of someone coming to the door, the day had already progressed to the point where it was getting really late, so after the allergic reaction, Ellie and Danni are both in bed. I promise, more humor and action shall ensue in the next chapter, I'm about halfway done. I love you all very much, thanks for your time.[Chapter 7] A/N: Thanks for the confidence, Queen, I really appreciate it. =D And Jonah, as always, I love you. J You make me smile. By the way, I keep forgetting to put this, but Cambridgegirl16 practically co-authors this, she's the source of most of my ideas. Or she makes them better, anyway. And I'm trying to make this as similar to the movie storyline as possible, so it's like the girls were there the whole time, you just didn't get to see them. ;) The next morning, Danni rolled over and groaned from the light shining through her half open blinds right into her eyes. She had just slammed them shut and flopped back onto her pillows with an, \"oomph\" when the doorbell went off. Feeling very well like punching a hole through the wall with every high pitched ding dong , she was murderously and methodically planning out certain slow deaths to whosoever dared to wake her at the ungodly hour of… 1:27 p.m. Danni hesitated, staring at the clock. How the fuck had she managed to sleep so long? Good thing it was Sunday, she hated being late to work. Shaking these thoughts clear from her brain, she continued to stomp and grumble her way to the door. She figured if the wild snarled hair and blood shot eyes weren't enough to scare the little shit away, just wait 'till she could get her thoughts in order enough to speak. Or yell. Yanking the door open, she flinched again at the bright sunlight. Wasn't one of the main reasons she'd moved here was so she could avoid the sunlight? While her vampyric nature had her shying away, she was unable to see what heathen had dared disturb her until she heard it speak. \"Dana, right? I came to- Letting out a small shriek of disbelief and rage, Danni straightens up, steps into the doorway, pushing him back, and points her eyes and finger towards the sky, \" YOU'RE JUST FUCKING WITH ME, AREN'T YOU?\" Letting out another furious shriek, she turns on her heel and slams the door in a dumbfounded Pete's face. Slowly blinking, Pete looks around himself, wondering how on earth she could have mistaken him for a prankster or some sort of salesman. He certainly didn't look the part of either. Approaching the door once more and ignoring the doorbell in the middle of the door he just pushed, he raised his fist to knock. Just as his hand was about to connect again to the door, it swung open wide again, rather violently. Seeing \"Dana's\" usual glare again, he takes about half a step back, trying to be disarming, \"'Ello, love, I just wanted to bring back-\" But before he could announce what he was doing and whom for, the jacket he had come to deliver back to Ellie was ripped out of his hands, faster than he'd ever seen any bloke throw a punch. Unconsciously, the poor bastard leaned forward, trying to continue his sentence, when the door was literally slammed in his face. Bouncing back a little, Pete starts rubbing his forehead and nose, simply wondering. No real train of thought to speak of, but it would have been something along the lines of, \"What the 'ell..\" Shaking his head slowly, Pete starts to turn back toward the street, when he sees something on the wall next to the door fluttering. A paper sign over a cream colored knob with a homemade message scrawled in purple and blue colored pencil, \"Ring THIS doorbell and DIE.\" Another doorbell? This he had to see. Almost chuckling out loud to himself, he knew who must have written that little sign. Only hesitating a moment, Pete swung back around and firmly pressed his finger on the knob, not prepared in any way for what he heard. \" Rudolph the red nosed reindeer, had a very shiny nose..\" A very chipper voice sang inside the house. Also heard right after the word nose at the exact same time were a bellowing roar of laughter from upstairs and a very loud crash from downstairs, drowning out any profanity that might have ensued. More crashing sounded, it sounded like pots and pans. Amongst the crashing also came the sound of a series of unsteady thumps. Meanwhile, the cheery Christmas jingle kept on singing away, and Peterson Percival Dunham had to struggle very, very hard not to bust up laughing at all the sounds of mayhem inside that he had caused. The unsteady thumping that our Petey had heard would have been Ellie, whom was first re-awoken by Danni's screaming at the sky, then upon hearing the doorbell. She had launched herself out of bed as fast as her weak self could go to save whatever poor soul had ignored Danni's sign to see if she could save their life. Stumbling down the stairs unsteadily, Ellie cut off Danni right before she managed to reach the door once she had untangled herself from numerous falling pots and pans she had somehow knocked down. The door being yanked open once again, Pete was now awarded with a flushed, shaking, and breathless Ellie, with a particularly menacing looking Danni at her shoulder. Well, sort of. You couldn't see all of Danni's face if she were right behind Ellie's shoulder, but you could see most of it. Ellie picked on Danni about this all the time. Ellie, finding that the pretty boy was back, brightened up with a grin to match his. The doorbell was just getting around to the part about one foggy Christmas eve when Ellie yelled over it, \"It plays through the whole song. We never figured out how to shorten it.\" She leaned her head against the door, thoroughly out of breath. \"Well, I just came back to return your jacket that ya left at the pub. Got your address from Terry,\" he smiled. \"You a'right, love? You look pale,\" he squinted at the slightly green Ellie. Hearing a small growl that was more of a hiss, Ellie was aware Danni was no longer at her back. Wary of this, Ellie stepped forward out of the house, forcing Pete backwards, so she could have the closed door guarding her back. Snapping her eyes back to his, she replied, \"Oh, yeah, just a little woozy from an allergy of mine. Well that was thoughtful of you, bringing that back all the way here when you had to go meet your brother.\" She clasped her hands behind her back and shifted her weight to her right leg. \"I see you've met Danni,\" she looked up at him grinning, bouncing slightly. \"Don't think on it, was no trouble bringin' it 'ere, it's actually on my way. Yea', is she a'ways like that?\" he smirked, flicking his eyes to the door. \"I'd say no, but… You'd have to get to know her. You're lucky, you know, I may have just saved your life from her wrath,\" leaning in and winking at him. Pete just chuckled and looked like he was about to say something, but just then the door creaked open and Ellie saw Pete's eyes widen. Ellie turned around with an eyebrow raised, just in time to see Danni swing and stab a pair of wicked looking Sai knives perpendicularly above and below the seams of the doorbell, effectively prying it halfway out of the wall. Victory written all over her face, Danni re-gripped the knives, and twisted hard. All of the last two words left of the song faded and died, but so did all the electricity on their street, house by house. Taken aback with an, \"Oh shit\" look on her face, Danni lets out a, \"Whoops.\" Closing her eyes and letting out a small growl whilst pinching the bridge of her nose, Ellie said, \"Our insurance does not cover PMS.\" The same neighbor from earlier stuck his head out of his window as previously done and shouted, \"Oy! Not fuckin' again! When you thick 'eads gonna get it? Always causin' all this trouble-\" \"Oh fuck off, Bill, no one asked you!\" Danni gestured over to the next house, using the blade in her hand as a middle finger. Pete, at this moment in time, I was becoming more and more wary of these two women. He had met both only the day before and he didn't see himself figuring either of them out anytime soon. He wondered somewhere in the back of his head what other wicked tools they might have had in the house and what they'd been used for. But on the forefront the was thinking about the match he had to go to today and the money he needed to get. He was just about to say goodbye when as Danni was still waving about the knife in her hand, Ellie neatly and lightly plucked it out of her hand. Almost laughing in disbelief, he watched as Danni turned half toward Ellie again and Ellie lightly tapped the back of Danni's head with the hilt. \"Hey, you be careful, that's my limited edition Elektra Wishing Well knives,\" Danni took a defensive stance with the other blade in hand. \"Yeah, and I gave them to you,\" Ellie replied scathingly, rolling her eyes. \"If we're fencing, we're getting real swords, we only have one set of Sai Knives. And we're doing it in the back, and not in front of company,\" Spinning back around to Pete again, she flattened the blade against her arm in the resting position, spinning it in her fingers as she smiled and gave him a quick hug, \"Thanks again for bringing it back by, I'm sure you've got to go.\" And with that, the two ladies opened up the door and marched back into the house, not caring about the power outage. One of them would fix it later. Pete was still fairly blank, still paralyzed in a position with his arms half open from the unexpected hug. Swords? What did they have in there? Shaking his head, he head toward his bruv's house, his original goal. Hm, that Danni. When she wasn't screaming, she didn't have an altogether unpleasant voice. And that Ellie, mate, she was something else. Incredible. Unbelievable. Curves in all the right places, and were they curves! In the small instant of their hug she had felt so warm. And soft. He had definitely made a move up delivering that jacket rather than leaving it at the Abbey for her to pick up later. But.. On the other hand.. Swords, Sai knives? What else did they have? These girls didn't seem like the forgiving type if a fellow went awry with them. And who knew? They could have spent years studying karate or some shit like that. Or even assassins, just temporarily out of work. Hell, he knew nothing about these two, and at this point, he wasn't sure anything could surprise him. Best take it slow, if take it at all.. About that time Pete's overactive imagination was interrupted by his brother's house in sight. Grinning and falling back into his obnoxious self, he let the fog of the two unknown ladies disperse from his brain. He needed money. A/N: I know it's SUPER duper short, but the reason I haven't been updating is my step-mom blocked off my parents account on the computer, where this chapter was stored, and I didn't get the chance to access it 'till now. So I figured I might as well post it as is, rather than risking being cut off from it again. I hope to post the next chapter soon. And again, if you're at all confused, refer back to the notice I posted about how I rearranged the chapters a bit and skim through them, just to make sure you're on track. Lots and lots of love, Strangefish.[Chapter 8] A/N: Okay, so I've decided to mess with the movie a bit. I won't mess with the important stuff, but little random bits will be warped and such things. But the storyline will stay the same, mostly. Ya'll 'll see. Chapter 7 Pete waltzed right into his brothers house, taking no notice of the murmured, ..\"Fuck are you doing here?..\" No, he just sashayed right into the kitchen, of course saying hello to his dear brother, he was here for his money after all. Grinning and grabbing a beer, he greets Shannon in his usual sort of way, and turns, actually paying attention to a new introduction. What the fuck was this bloke wearing? Ah, had to be a yank. And there was Ben. Blimey, he loved that little bloke. Who knew there could be something so innocent and adorable to share his genetics? His brothers genetics? Who knew the once fucking insane Major would be reduced to a pile of gooey mush, going goo goo over some bird and baby? He wasn't really much to talk, mind. The GSE didn't define you as a person, fuck, he adored his nephew. He doubted he could ever have a shot at his own bouncing smelly bundles, but a bloke could dream. But that would involve settling down. Not that he was completely opposed to the idea, marriage for some people was great, but he doubted he could ever find a bint he could stand to be around long enough to ever make her his little missus. He shuddered. Ah, great there goes Shannon, taking the fun away, like usual. \"See ya la'er, Ben,\" he grinned. Turning, Pete looks the American up and down, sizing him up a bit. Looks a bit gay, he thought to himself. \"Fahne, Thahnks,\" he laughed. He shook his hand anyway, not much of a grip. Ah well, probably raised up nice and clean, maybe some sort of junior businessman. Oh fuck no. There was no way he was taking this yank to the match with him. He'd have to find a way to sluff him off somehow. Give him a bit of the cash and let him have whatever fun these yanks had when they weren't appreciating football like they should. So he walks a bit down the road, mostly to appease Steve, looks back to make sure they're out of sight, and confronts this small problem that was interfering with his day. \"Look mate, I'm not being funny, but you're pissin' in the wind if you fink I'm taking you to the match wiv me,\" Pete glares at Matt, with an almost exasperated venom. Shrugging his coat further onto his shoulders, he looks at Matt, waiting to see if he would give in easily. \"Well I'm not giving you the money,\" Matt said somewhat quietly. He had never really been one for conflict. He looked like some shy girl that was trying to deflect a loud drunk from hitting on her. Figuring he might as well go for the full intimidation tact, Pete uses his body to corner Matt against the wall, staring Matt down with eyes that were just a shade more piercing than his own. Getting a little louder, Pete returns, \"You ain't really got a fucking choice, mate. You're starting to get on my tits. Now as I said before, give me half the money. \" He starts to curl his lips a little, almost starting to growl. Matt, now starting to resemble a frantic rabbit cornered by a coyote, looks wildly around and said without thinking, \"Cops!\" and in fight or flight mode, desperately kicks out a leg to try and bring Pete down. It might have worked, too, if Pete had no reflexes. Catching Matt's foot as it hits hip level; Pete looks down, hardly able to believe this yank had just tried to pull a fast one on him. If this was how intelligent all yanks were, he was giving up on those girls right here and now. Laughing loudly, he looks at Matt's leg then at his frightened face and remarks, \"Well how fucking stupid do you feel now? Come on then, dance for me, Yankee!\" He was having too much fun. He flips him on his side, quick as a flash, and leans over him, saying a little quieter, but still laughing at him, \"Serves you right for fighting like a bleedin' tom. But try that again, an' I will kick. The shit out o' ya'.\" Coughing, Matt looks up at him, \"Yeah, the Tom out of me, I get it.\" Rolling his eyes and laughing, Pete helps him up. Maybe he wasn't completely hopeless. Walking on after a few more words exchanged, they head to the Abbey. Pete just hoped he wasn't putting himself into too big of a shithole. So a few blocks later, Pete explains Matt to just essentially shut up and stay that way. He may have been distant family, but he still didn't want to have to look bad in his place of business. They walk through the door, Pete prepared to make his loud entrance and Matt prepared to try and stay out of the way, but when they walked in, Pete hears his boys let out a roar. Assuming that maybe they saw him walk in and were greeting him, he rounds the corner with a big grin on his face, only to have some of the lads backs turned to him, like they were all loosely huddled. Sauntering closer to see what they were all laughing at, he was about a foot away when the guys noticed him. But before any of them could say anything, Ellie exploded up from her spot where she had dramatically flopped to the floor, telling a story. \"And then , we found a tattoo just above his butt that said 'Property of the Yale swim team' and-\" But she was cut off by Pete saying with a slightly slack jaw, \"Ellie?\" Matt jerks his head up from looking at nothing in particular and stepping forward from where he had lingered behind, \"Ellie?\" He could hardly believe his ears, and he wanted to laugh out loud. He knew they'd run into each other eventually, but he didn't expect it so soon. \"Ellie!\" Matt stepped forward, laughing heartily now. \"Mattie!\" Ellie yelled over the warm and loud atmosphere. Fully re-establishing her balance, Ellie then vaults herself forwards, running into Matt's arms for a big hug. Still slack-jawed Pete had unthinkingly opened his arms when he saw Ellie running towards him, but she had blown right by him. Staring stupidly after Ellie and kinda glancing back at his mates, the expression that oozes onto his face is that of a kicked puppy. Arms still held halfway open, sad expression in place, in a pathetic voice he slightly whines, \"Petey?\" He was absolutely befuddled that Ellie had run right into the Yankee-boy's arms when it was him she had been flirting with. Maybe they had history in the States. Regaining most of his swagger, but still a bit surly and sulky, Pete steps toward the two, who were still freaking out about seeing each other like little girls. Glancing between them, he said, \"'Ow do we know each other, then?\" Still grinning, Ellie broke away from Matt a bit while still having an arm thrown around him and replied, \"Oh, Matt and I met on the plane here. He kept me entertained. Once you crack his shell, he's quite the travelling companion.\" Ellie was still grinning, but it had gone crooked, the way it always did when she smiled for more than a few seconds straight. Pete wasn't sure he'd seen anything cuter. Thinking he was being sly, Pete casually tossed his arm over Ellie's shoulders the opposite direction Matt's was going, effectively causing it to slide off. Steering her back toward the table, he smiled, \"Well, these here are the boys. This is- \"Oh I know. We've been getting to know each other quite well,\" Ellie smiled sweetly. \"That's Davey, Swill Swill, Ikey, Keithers, Neddy, and you're just the cutest little Petey anybody ever saw!\" She raised herself up just slightly on her toes so she could be eye level to his nose and pinched his left cheek like some adoring great aunt. The boys, having not heard their new nicknames yet, hadn't known what to think until they heard her talking to Pete the way one would to a cute puppy. It was then and there that they all knew Pete had no idea what he was reckoning with. Dave, deciding this is where he would cut in, raised his voice to be heard, \"So are you going to introduce the piss'ead you brought along with you when you interrupted a perfectly good story?\" \"Oh, lads, this is Matt, Shannon's bruvver. Matt, you 'eard all these blokes cutsey new nicknames, but this is Dave, Swill, Ike, Ned, and the one wiv the dodgy 'aircut is Keif,\" Pete gestured to and fro with his arm, while Ellie ever so discreetly slipped out of his grasp. It didn't go unnoticed by everyone though. Swill and Matt weren't so oblivious. Pete, noticing a second later that Ellie had ducked out of his arm and walked the other way called after her, \"Oi love, where do you think you're going?\" charming half-grin in place. Rolling her eyes and turning half back around, \"If you must know, all these drinks these nice boys are buying me are going right through me,\" she grinned and shot them all a cheeky wink before disappearing to the other side of the crowd. Pete, expecting to get the usual, \"Good on ya', mate!\" and cheers, was still half grinning as he sat in his usual spot, but was immensely surprised when there was a beat of silence and then an outburst of laughter. The guys had merely looked at Pete, looked at all of each other, and busted up. \"Wot?\" Pete looked up, confused. What'd they find funny? Dave finished a swig of his beer and shook his head. \"Nuffin, mate, nuffin.\" Getting the feeling he was being laughed at, he smirked and chuckled, \"Pretty fit, right boys?\" \"I'm not too sure about this one mate...\" Swill started slowly. \"Somefin' tells me you're in over your head. Oi! There's Bovver!\" And sure enough, the miserable faced man had on his usual grimace, cigarette in hand. And right behind him, unnoticed by everyone, was Danni, hovering at the edges, not quite near enough to be thought of as included with that group. She had come to drop off a key to the house for Ellie; she didn't want her out of doors, who knew where she'd wander off to. She knew Ellie had to be here. She had gotten dressed, yelled \"I'm going out!\" while Danni was in the shower, and left, the cheater. She wasn't even supposed to be out of bed, let alone vigorously imbibing alcohol. Another reason Danni knew she wasn't just wandering around London was Royal was waiting for her right outside the door, probably to escort her back home. Seeing that Ellie was not sitting with them, she turned back toward the bar to hand the key off to Terry. He'd know who to give it to. As she was walking back past, she knocked her shoulder roughly into Bovver, paying him back for rudely grabbing the door handle just before her on the way in and then not even holding the door open. Had he even seen the female, he may have unthinkingly leaned away from her. But alas, it was not meant to be. Since this girl had bumped into him just as he was stiffing Matt on his outstretched hand, the hand that was holding the beer that was just handed to him slopped down his entire front. \"Fucking…\" he grumbled, looking down his shirt. All the boys were now laughing at him. He looked at her retreating back and sneered something along the lines of, \"…Your big arse really need that much room to get through?...\" Danni's only reaction was to stick her middle finger straight up in the air above her shoulder, high and proud. Shaking his head, he went back to the current issue of why there was some yank in his pub. But once again, the atmosphere was interrupted by Ellie bounding back to the circle, looking for a place to sit. \"What'd I miss?\" She huffed. Looking to her right, she got her first full intake of Bovver. Oh, it was a meeting ordained by the gods, my friends. Music played, righteous light shone from the two souls unknowingly desperately seeking the other out, everything else fell away, all that mattered was- \"'Oo the fuck are you, then?\" Bovver looked her up and down, bewildered. One of Dave's eyebrows rose. Pete started to move up and say something about being rude. Swill and Ike sat back to enjoy the show, they knew it was going to be good, this would determine what this bird was really like. Ned's eyes were just wide. Ellie shifted her weight and put a hand on her hip, in full power stance. Cocking an eyebrow, she retorts, \"I happen to be Ellie. Who the fuck are you? \" looking him up and down doubtfully. Bovver rolls his eyes in a way that it was like his whole body was doing it. He took a drag of his cigarette and gestured with open arms back to the boys, \"Another fucking yank! The whole pubs swarmin' with 'em! What the 'ell? This place used to be respectable an' now it's goin' down the shit drain.\" He shakes his head and moves to push past her to sit, but his mind is boggled when she actually deigns to respond. \"Well you're a fucking tea guzzling Brit, but I don't hold that against you, do I? Now do you have an ego problem because you're the runt of the group, or do you just have the basic package of mommy issues? And I'm sure if you just wiped that sneer off your face from whatever shit you stepped in when you got out of bed stuck to your foot, you'd be quite attractive and then maybe you wouldn't be so sexually frustrated, either.\" She was still rolled onto one hip, head high, eyebrow still raised. The only thing she needed to do was sprout an afro and snap her fingers. There was that inner black woman again, so close to the surface. Blinking a few times, Bovver wasn't sure what all she just said. One, because he was so caught off guard, most birds just huffed and traipsed off to whatever other bloke they could annoy the fuck out of. Two, because she talked so fast and so articulately. He stood up straight, on of the few times anybody had ever seen, and got really close to this sodding quin who didn't know what good for her, talking dangerously low. Nearly two inches from her face, he murmured, \"I don't know wot's got it in yer 'ead that I give two shits 'bout wot you think, but it's got you sadly mistaken. Now why don' you just go over there and play like a good little girlie?\" He then backed away, spun her around by the arm, and pushed her so slightly away with a hand on her butt. See, Ellie had just been contemplating how attractive the man with the ridiculous temper was, and just about to kiss him, when he touched her. Oh no. You don't touch her unless it's her idea, especially if it's in a direction she didn't particularly care for. Like away from all the attractive Brits, for instance. Finishing the whirl our Bovver had put her in, she grabs his hand that had dared gravitate toward her hind end and twisted, hard, but only for a moment. When she had Bov at a awkward angle, she grabs his pinkie finger, bends it, and clinches it in, pinching. Effectively giving him the worst Charlie horse in his hand possible, Bovver starts to sink to his knees. Mouth half open and eyes wide in pain, all he could do was kneel at her mercy. Pete's mouth was hanging open, not sure if he should laugh or help his friend. As he was about to get up to talk Ellie down, when she said calmly, \"Don't bother. I'm not doing permanent damage. It's just a simple kung fu move. He'll be fine, just sore for a few minutes when I let him go.\" At that moment Danni popped up from nowhere behind Ellie, watching what she was doing with a blank expression and a tilted head. Bovver was hissing in pain now, if only to keep from crying or screaming. Ellie relaxed her grip infinitesimally, but not enough to let him go. Danni held her hand up, and dropped a set of keys into the air, and Ellie lazily reached over and caught them. \"Thanks,\" Ellie didn't even glance her way, she was planning what to do next. Danni simply turned around and headed back toward the door, headed to the grocery store. Terry was on his way over, trying to get to the center of what half the pub was staring at, when Ellie let go of Bovver, whose arm promptly dropped. But before he could recover, Ellie pushed him down with one booted leg and sat on him, straddling his stomach. Terry stopped, threw his hands in the air around his head, and immediately retreated to behind the bar again. Laying down slightly more, she got close enough to his face so that her boobs were just pressing against his chest, making it all look very dirty, and whispered, \"No one touches my ass, it's very ticklish,\" and right in front of god and everyone, laid a thick kiss on Bovver's lips. A/N: I wasn't quite sure how or where I was going to end this chapter, so if it feels awkward at the end, I'm tired. Sorry. But here's an extra long chapter for all you lovely bodacious readers who bear with me on the short ones and long gaps between postings. Much love, Strangefish.[Chapter 9] Alright, you lovely readers, the next chapter's coming, I promise, but as a filler-between, I thought I'd give you a holiday special! :D You can all ask the characters some questions, as many characters and questions as you like, and I'll prolly be able to get to them. Anyway, ask them whatever you want, and they'll answer. J Happy holidays, everybody! -strangefish ","Summary":" Poor Matt Hmmmm. . . Where to now? Thinks Ellie, as she stared at a colorful world map in the New Z"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Held Up In Contention","Author":"stndabvthcrwd1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6053195","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a fairly short story - compared to the LOTR fic I've got going at the moment anyway - but the idea came to me and wouldn't go away. Ben Wade is my favourite character I've yet seen Russell Crowe play, so it makes sense I'd write a fic about him. I hope those of you that read this feel I stayed true to the feel of the great film, and especially the character of Ben Wade. Best way to let me know would be to review ;) I thank you in advance for reading. Cheers The train was gaining speed, but it moved slowly. Slow enough for a quick horse to catch up to one of the cars. Slow enough for a skilled man to slip out of the window of said car, and leap carefully onto the horse's back. And then fast enough so that, as the horse and rider swerved away from the noisy engine, no one would notice the missing passenger until it was too late and there wasn't even dust left to settle from his trail of abandonment. The train receded in the direction opposite of the galloping horse, until the smoky chug of the engine was overpowered by the muffled thuds of the horse's hooves. And then it was only the hooves; the hooves and the horse's breathing. As those became the only sounds in the still air, the rider dared to slow his mount. A canter, then a trot - but no slower. The rider remained erect and cautious, his sharp eyes roving the buildings around him carefully. The sun was high and hot, but people were scarce to be seen. They'd all either been part of the hellstorm of bullets just minutes ago and lay dead, maimed, or terrified, or had heard the shoot-out and were too afraid to test the open air. It was impossible to tell if anyone noticed him riding away from the train, but his arrogance refused to let him leave the town just yet, because after all - who would be foolish enough to try and kill him on their own? Less than fifteen minutes ago every damned soul in the tattered town had been aiming for his head. But with the Hand of God back in it's holy holster - stealing it back from the train guard had been easier than properly possible - no one would dare confront Ben Wade. Or so he told himself. So he slipped quietly into town from a side street, behind a couple battered houses. Hopefully any eyes that had been watching the showdown at the train station kept their eyes there, and didn't see his special reappearance. Wade pulled in his steed's reins while still in the shadows of a tall, faded red building. The big black beast stopped, stamped a hoof, and waited obediently. He slid silently from the saddle, his eyes continually scouring the buildings and shadows around him, waiting for a shout, a gunshot, anything. Nothing came. Nothing at all. His brow lowered, the only sign of his puzzlement, and he bite the inside of his cheek in thought. Just what, exactly, had been the next step of his plan? There hadn't been one, he realized, and it unnerved him. He always planned a step ahead - indeed three steps ahead, at the least. It's what kept him alive while everyone else was wasted. Which, he was bitterly reminded, that 'everyone' included even Dan Evans now. Wade's eyes dropped to the ground for a moment and an odd weight crept into his limbs. But no sooner had it come than he shook it away. The thought of Evans reminded him - where was the kid, William? There was no way he was yet out of the town. Sharp blue-green eyes roved his surroundings again. There, coming up the road from the direction of the station. Medium height, coal-colored hair, and gentle, innocent features. It was William Evans. Not yet sixteen and the kid was now covered in dirt, gunpowder, grief, and the blood of his father. Wade pushed his horse further into the shadows as he carefully watched the kid's actions. He stumbled wearily up the wooden steps of the grocer's, and continued on until some kind woman couldn't restrain herself and burst out of the store to help him. She took his hands, and Wade studied her face as she spoke quickly to the boy, surely asking if he was alright, where he'd come from, what he was doing. Then she noticed the blood, and the listless look in William's pale blue eyes. He heard her gasp from across the street in his shadows, and then call for help from within the store. Movement caught his attention. Other people had heard the commotion and seen the boy, and now dared to peer out of their houses, now that the chance their heads would get blown off by their own folk appeared to be gone. A handful of people even stepped into the street, and that quickly, the horrified silence that had trapped Contention disappeared. That was his cue. Wade turned away from the bright street and figure of William Evans, fatherless and wronged, and led his horse behind the house. It wasn't safe, keeping his distinguishable mount, but he couldn't bear to let the beast loose. Not for sentimental reasons - Ben Wade didn't have those - but because the beast was smart, and trained, and strong. There had to be somewhere to hide it. He looked around for a moment, checking his limited surroundings. The cattle corral by the train station had a second section with a handful of horses in it. Three chestnuts, two bays, and a black. Such a small number of the animals would make the addition of his noticeable, but hopefully the town would be too busy tallying it's dead and wounded to worry about horses. And if it came to it, he was fairly confident it'd be no easy task to tell which black was a stranger. For anyone but him, anyway. That settled it, in his mind. Muttering a few words to the beast, Ben slipped off the expensive saddle, quickly stashing it in an empty crate he was lucky enough to be standing beside. Studying the crate for half a moment, he then took a short rope from one of his saddle bags and tied it around one of the boards of the box, to show which one held his saddle. With a nod of approval, he then took off his hat and vest - laying them on the crate as well - and pulled from a different bag a hanker chief and leather tie, pulling his hair back with the tie and knotting the cloth loosely around his throat. It was rough, but it was enough to hide him from anyone that glimpsed him at a distance. He took off his gun belt as well, but stuck the precious weapon down the front of his trousers none the less. He'd look unarmed, at least. Leaving most of his sparse belongings in the wooden crate, Wade took his horse by it's headstall and led it towards the corral. It took everything he had not to look over his shoulder and see if anyone noticed him, check if there was a pistol aimed at his back right now. But he got the horse to the wooden pen, found the gate, slipped it open enough to urge his steed through, and then unlatched and slipped off the bridle. The big beast snorted and shook its head, pleased to be free from it's leather trappings for the first time in a very long while. Not needing any further command from the outlaw, it then plodded over to the water trough where the other horses gathered. Wade smiled faintly, and then turned and walked steadily back to 'his' crate. He was torn for a moment about whether to remain dressed in the simple disguise that he currently was, or to say to hell with it and put his belt, vest, and hat back on properly. Why in the hell had he not thought this far into things? Where was his head at? He sighed and rubbed a hand across his eyes, pushing away the weariness and images of Dan Evans, bloody and laying in the dirt. Was he still there, or had someone moved him? Not the sheriff or his deputies, that was for sure. They were in the same position as Dan. This town would take a while to pull itself back together, that was certain. Which meant he should just get the damned saddle back on his horse and set off at a gallop away from the buildings and bloodied people. But his left side stung, almost burned in an irritating way. But there wasn't the time to worry about scratches from the shootout. He was tired. And not himself, at the moment. He would stay, just for a day or two, to get his bearings. He wanted to make sure William got back to his mother alright, after what had happened with his father. Not that Ben Wade himself cared, but because the Evans family had risked and lost enough because of him. So as soon as William left, so would he. Wade sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose and shaking the curls of hair that had fallen loose out of his face. The plan didn't make a damned scrap of sense, and he knew it. But he also knew he wasn't himself - which should have been an even clearer sign to get the hell out of the town, but he couldn't bring himself to do so. Instead, he left his things in the crate - ignoring the immense feeling of anxiety that immediately swept him - and slipped between the shadows of two houses, onto the wooden boards of the sidewalk. His footsteps paused, as he listened - instead of looked - for any sign that he'd been spotted and identified. One, two, three, four heartbeats later, and nothing. Good. He walked slowly down the walk, glancing around casually. People spoke in the streets, crying, sobbing, comforting, questioning. Boxes, barrels, and everything else lay scattered here and there, the wooden beams holding the roof was splintered and busted, scraps of belongings and bullets littered the walk and street. Almost unconsciously, he stepped over a body bleeding in his path. It was a shame things had turned out like this. Clever of Charlie to get the whole town on his side - it was something Wade himself might have done - but it was still a shame for so many bodies to be lying around. But nothing more than a shame. He stepped around another body, and continued leisurely on his way. He risked another glance down the street. William Evans had disappeared, and a tall man appeared to be organizing people, getting some men to run down to the station - likely to check the bodies there and see if Wade himself was one of them - while women were to clean up the mutilated town. Wade stepped off the end of the walk into the sun, squinting in the sudden light for a moment. He looked around to gain his bearings amongst the buildings, and glimpsed a figure that appeared to be looking in his direction. He hastily blinked the glare from the sun away, and saw clearly that a boy, no more than thirteen, was looking right at him. It was likely nothing, but Wade didn't take chances, and he quickly swivelled on his heel, looking for a quick escape. A small, plain brown house sat on his immediate left, and he rushed at the door. He twisted the handle, and was relieved to find it open. With a quiet ease he was dangerous for, he slipped into the house, disappearing from the confused kid's sight quick enough to have been a hallucination. He only hoped the kid would think so too. There was no sound as he froze just behind the door. The kid hadn't shouted, or followed him, or done anything else foolish. A soft sigh escaped his lips, before he realized he had just broken into a stranger's house - 'broken' being a general term, as he had simply walked through the front door. Rather than leave and hope again no one would notice him, he peered around the empty living room he stood in, and slowly pulled his pistol from his trousers. The room was small, with a pale yellow love-seat covered with a knitted tan afghan, a weathered wooden chair, a small dark, chipped wooden coffee table between the two seats, a dainty piano against the far wall, small fireplace, and two lanterns on stands at opposite sides of the room. Obviously, whoever lived here had a small family and low wages. If he happened to come across them it should be easy to silence them with some coin - that is, if any coin was left in his saddle bags at this point. But, at the moment, the house appeared quiet and still. Perhaps the owner - or owners - had gone out to the streets to offer help already. So why didn't he just grab whatever valuable or interesting objects he could see, and get the hell out? Because he needed somewhere to hide where he wouldn't be expected. And Ben Wade didn't steal from common folk. Keeping the gun ready in his hand, Wade stepped quietly through the living room. His boots and spurs were impossible to keep silent, but he quieted them as best he could. The doorway opposite him connected with a petite kitchen - empty as well - and then he was led down a short hallway, a closet on his left - he checked, and it was empty save for linens, knitting needles, yarn, and some tools - and then the hall ended in a small bedroom. Three rooms in total in the entire house. Still cautious, he stepped into the room, hand loose around the gun but nerves tight, and his sharp eyes scanned his surroundings. A fair-sized bed with a dark afghan for a coverlet, tattered wooden dresser, a bed-side table with some books and a lantern, a mirror, and a closet. Quaint, but cozy. There was a window to his left, and Wade instinctively moved towards it, ducking down a little to see out better. A breeze had picked up, throwing dust around the splintered town, and he watched calmly as people still ran around trying to clean up. Women clutched their hair and skirts and children, men grasped their guns tight, as if they expected the outlaw to leap out at them from the nearest doorway. Although in truth, their anxiety was better founded than they knew. Ben watched with little interest for a moment more, until the softest creak of a floorboard drew his attention over his shoulder. The outlaw whirled, raising the pistol in his right hand, but he was at the disadvantage of being caught by surprise. He recieved no more than a glimpse of brown hair and blue fabric before the cruel butt of a rifle slammed into his head, and white-hot sparks burst behind his eyes.[Chapter 2] I'm glad to see some people are actually reading this story, lol :) Thank you so much, those of you that leave reviews. It's always wonderful to get any sort of feedback. I apologize this chapter took so long to get up - the rest hopefully won't, as I have it all written already - but I quite like it, just because it introduces Ben better. Yet I'm also really nervous about how I interpreted the character; I hope you readers feel I remained true enough to the film version. Let me know :) Cheers The man swayed on his feet, shaking the pain from his head and blinking heavily. \"Ow,\" he muttered, shaking the last of the dizziness away, and raising his eyes to his attacker. Dear God, it was a woman. Not real tall, young but not a girl, slender but not thin, with gold-brown hair pulled back from her deep blue eyes. Eyes that glared at him with a fury he was a little offended to see. Not that it kept him from reaching for his g- Wade risked a glance down at his waist, where his empty hand swept equally empty air. He spotted the Hand of God resting on the floor a yard away. He must have dropped it when the rifle blow hit him. Damn. His tactical mind constantly churning, he straightened up with a half-smile, relaxing his shoulders and raising his hands palm outwards. \"Easy there, sweet'eart. You're makin' me nervous.\" \"How'd you get in here?\" The woman didn't move the muzzle of the rifle an inch. \"You left your door open, ma'am.\" \"What were you doing trying to get into my house?\" \"I was, ah, lookin' for some help, for the people outside. They've got a lot of wounded out there.\" Her hard eyes bored into him. \"Really now, you're tryin' my nerves, darlin'. A pretty little thing like you holdin' a gun like that is scarier than any man I've yet seen.\" He smiled charmingly again. Flattery, charm - he was a master. \"You're Ben Wade.\" Uh-oh. \"Beg your pardon?\" \"You're Ben Wade, the outlaw. Don't think I don't recognize the most famous gun in Arizona on the floor there.\" This wasn't going like it was supposed to. He paused, not sure how to respond, and the smile and flirtation left him. His eyes darkened a touch, and he observed his opponent carefully, judging and measuring everything from her grip on the gun to her stance to the straight line of her back. \"And what do you plan on doing about finding Ben Wade in your house?\" She hesitated, but only a moment. \"I'm going to march you out of my house, and let the sheriff take care of you.\" \"Sheriff's dead, sweetheart. Deputies too. Half the town, probably.\" His words visibly unnerved her, and fear slipped into her eyes as she adjusted her now-nervous grip on the gun. \"Then I'll let some of the other men figure out what to do with you. You're supposed to be on that train, to Yuma.\" \"You're right,\" he answered slowly, \"I am.\" A loud knock broke their quiet talk then, coming from the front of the house. It surprised the woman enough to make her jump, and she tossed a quick glance behind her. That was all he needed. Wade leapt forward faster than she could have been prepared for, and ducked to the side - in case she fired wildly - before latching his hands onto the metal of the rifle, tearing it easily from her grasp. As soon as he felt the gun pulled from her hold, he held it with one of his hands, grabbing her hair with his free one. A yell started in her throat, but Wade pulled her against him, pinning her to his chest with his arm and adjusting his hand to quickly cover her mouth. No more than a yelp escaped. His breath hadn't even quickened. \"But I'm not feelin' like Yuma today.\" The knocking came again, louder and longer this time. Ben still held the woman firmly, but glanced towards the front of the house, then down at her. Wide, terrified blue eyes stared up at him, and a couple strands of dark gold hair fell in her face. \"Listen carefully,\" he murmured, his lips inches from her ear and lowering his husky voice to a chilling level, \"I am going to let you go. You are going to stay quiet as I grab my gun. If you cause trouble, I will shoot you. I'm going to walk you to the front door, with my pistol in your spine. You're going to answer the door, and I am going to stand behind it, with my pistol in your spine. If you cause trouble, I will shoot you - and then whoever is at the door, too. You will answer their questions and act normal, but you will not leave the house or invite them in. If you cause trouble, I will shoot you. Get rid of them quickly. Or I will shoot you.\" He paused, looking down at her again. \"Do you understand?\" Her head nodded nervously beneath his hand. He stared at her for a moment more, hard, his eyes threatening. A call came from the door then, asking if anyone was home, and was followed by another knock. Wade glanced up, then slowly let the woman go. She seemed frozen for a moment, trembling and staring at him as he bent over to pick up the Hand of God. He cocked the pistol, holding the rifle slack in his left hand, and gestured for her to go on. She tenatively obeyed, abandoning the small room for the front door. She jumped as the narrow muzzle of the Hand of God nudged her back. With a shaking hand, she opened the door. \"Miss Daniels?\" A man stood in the doorway, in his mid-thirties with light brown hair, nervously twisting his hat in his hands. \"Rory Johnston, is it?\" She asked politely, recognizing him vaguely. \"That's right, ma'am. I have, uh, some bad news for you, Miss Daniels.\" A trickle of dread crept into her limbs. \"What kind of news, Mr. Johnston?\" \"Well you see it's... May I come in, ma'am?\" The barrell of the pistol shifted against her back. \"Now's not quite the time, Mr. Johnston. I'm in the middle of cleaning my floors. Besides, best get bad news out quick.\" She waited patiently, already assuming his next words. The man twisted his hat tighter. \"It's your uncle, miss. He..he was killed in the shootout just a short while ago. They've got him with the rest of the deceased down by the sheriff's office.\" He paused, glancing up at her sympathetically. \"I'm sorry, Miss Daniels.\" She merely nodded once, slowly, unsure how to reply. Her uncle was dead. It was just her now. Her, trapped in her own home by an outlaw at gunpoint. \"Would you like to come down and see 'im, Miss Daniels? I was sent to recieve you.\" The gun pressed harder into her spine. \"Ah, not at the moment, Mr. Johnston, if you please.\" He gave her a puzzled look, clearly not understanding her refusal. \"I'm...I'm a little overwhelmed right now, I think. I don't know if I could handle seeing him...like that.\" Johnston nodded. \"I understand.\" \"Good,\" a deep whisper came to her from behind the door, \"now wrap things up.\" The gun in her back roughly persuaded her. \"If you don't mind, Mr. Johnston, I'd dearly like some time to myself right now. To sort things out.\" \"Absolutely, ma'am.\" The man looked relieved as he stepped back off her porch. Clearly, he hadn't wanted to escort a mourning woman any more than she wanted the pistol shoved in her back. \"I'll come to the caretaker when I've gathered my thoughts, shall I?\" She offered a weak, forced smile and slowly started to close the door. Johnston nodded again. \"That'd do well, ma'am. We're a bit busy in town at the moment as it is.\" \"Then I shan't keep you here. Good day, Mr. Johnston.\" \"G'day, Miss Daniels.\" The door shut, and Wade immeditely pressed his back against it, keeping his pistol casually levelled at her as the faintest of smiles touched his lips. \"How come you won't talk to me that sweetly?\" The woman didn't answer, just glared at him. He gestured with the gun for her to move into the kitchen. There weren't any windows in there. \"Sit, please.\" He offered, and she begrudgingly obeyed. Wade sat across from her, and after gazing at her for a moment, leaned back in his chair and slid the Hand of God back into it's holster. He had abandoned the rifle in a corner against the wall - after taking the shot out of it. \"Miss Daniels, is it?\" He finally asked, breaking the silence. She didn't answer. \"Miss...not Misses. So you're not married?\" No answer. \"You have a first name, Miss Daniels?\" No answer. He waited. No answer. \"If you don't give me a name, I'm either going to make one up, or force it out of you. I've had a bit of a rough day so far, and I'm leaning towards the latter method.\" He settled his cold gaze on her, and she knew he was not lying. She swallowed, working to find the voice that suddenly failed her. \"J-Jenna.\" \"Jenna,\" he repeated, and it almost seemed like he worked to make the word fall soft and sultry from his lips. \"So, Miss Jenna Daniels, your uncle is dead. I take it he's the person that lives with you here.\" Still, no answer. Wade sighed, dropping his head for a moment, before looking up, his jaw set, and reaching forward to grab the edge of Jenna's chair. He sharply pulled the chair towards him, to the point that she could touch his shirt if she moved her right arm. He drew the Hand of God with his left hand, holding it loosely but always dangerously, and draped that same arm around the top of the chair, so she was trapped between the man's body and his gun. With his free right hand, he pulled the leather tie from his hair and ran his hand through the chesnut waves, before yanking the suffocating bandana from his throat. He sighed heavily again, relaxing his muscles and intimidating the smaller woman with his close, heavy presence. \"Now Miss Jenna, I normally try to be an agreeable person, but like I told you - I've had a bit of a rough day so far. I would really appreciate it if you'd cooperate with me, and just answer a few questions.\" He moved his left hand so that the barrel of the Hand of God pressed against her cheek. \"You'll do that for me, won't you?\" He tilted his head, voice gentle, but eyes always authorative. The sudden closeness Jenna found herself to with Ben Wade took her off-guard, and frightened her like she hadn't been before. She nodded. \"Very good. Now - is your uncle the only other person that lives with you here?\" She nodded. \"No parents, or siblings?\" She shook her head carefully. Wade studied her for a moment. \"You don't even have a tear to shed for your poor beloved uncle? Now why might that be?\" She didn't answer. \"Miss Jenna...\" Wade warned. \"I..I don't know,\" she whispered, her wide blue eyes flicking to the gun that still touched her cheek. \"You don't know?\" He repeated dryly, still studying her. \"Now there's a story to be told, I can tell.\" Jenna didn't reply, and he sighed softly, loosing his intimidating hold from her and moving back a couple inches. \"But that is beside the point at the moment. Right now, I could do with a drink. Please tell me you have alcohol in this house.\" Jenna nodded. \"Would you be so kind as to get me a glass?\" She nodded stiffly again, and slowly rose from the chair. She pulled a short, squat glass from the upper cupboard, and then a bottle of amber liquid from the lower cupboard. She slid them both over to the polite criminal, and sat back down. \"Thank you, Miss Jenna.\" He flashed a smile, and then poured himself a drink. \"No liquor for yourself?\" Not hearing an answer, he looked up with raised eyebrows. \"No.\" \"I didn't think so. You're missing out, Miss Jenna.\" He sniffed the alcohol in his glass, and took a sip, intelligent eyes constantly fixed on her. \"A good drink can make your life easier. Now, it can easily ruin a life too, but my life, at least, is beyond the reach of even alcohol.\" He smirked again, tossing back the entire glass quickly. \"What do you want, Mr. Wade?\" Jenna finally asked, her voice only a desperate whisper. Ben studied the young woman, with her wide blue eyes that revealed her fear, and the loose strands of dark gold hair that had fallen to frame her cheeks. \"I just need a place to stay for a couple of days, until your town can rest assured that I'm gone. It'll take little longer than that for word to reach here that I never arrived at Yuma, but I'll be gone before then. Just give me tomorrow and the morning after to rest up, and then I'll let you be, and you can tell all your gal pals about how the notorious Ben Wade held you captive in your own home.\" He smirked, blue-green eyes taunting and suggestive. Jenna clenched her jaw at the implications, but she was not a fool and fully aware that he was just as dangerous as he'd been made out to be. And the gun was still in his hand. \"How am I supposed to excuse your stay here? You're not likely to let me leave the house, are you? They'll want me down there to see my uncle.\" \"We'll figure that out when it comes to it. Perhaps by the time someone comes asking for you again, you'll be a little more obedient to my requests.\" She let out a heavy breath in reply, dark blue eyes never leaving him. \"Don't you have anything to say?\" He asked lightly, tilting his head with a light in his eye. \"You're a woman of very few words, Miss Jenna.\" \"And you're a man of too many, Mr. Wade.\" A surprisingly gentle laugh broke from the man's smiling lips, as he tossed brown bangs from his eyes. \"Not normally, Miss Jenna, just around you. Pretty women make my thoughts go wild and my tongue run fast. But it's Ben, Miss Jenna, just Ben.\" \"Your flattery is a hopeless attempt, Mr. Wade.\" He smirked, knowing better than she just how his flattery worked. \"As you will, Miss Jenna.\"[Chapter 3] Jenna turned away then, unable to hold Wade's teasing blue-green gaze any longer. She got to her feet and went to the sink, her hands playing idly with the dirty dishes that lay there. She'd need to bring in some water from the well and wash them. If the outlaw would even let her fetch the water. Or maybe he'd do it himself. And while he was out there, she could slip out the door and into the street and get help in less than thirty seconds..he'd be caught in a flash, unsuspecting and unprepared, and then it would truly be just her alone... \"You need some water for those dishes, Miss Jenna?\" The gravelly tone of Ben Wade slipped through her thoughts, seeming to have read her mind. Some of it, anyway. She turned around, trying to keep her face as stoic as it had been, and eyed him for a moment. \"Yes, actually. There's a well just behind the house.\" \"Well then,\" he slid the Hand of God back into it's holster, \"let's go get it.\" Jenna hid the disappointment from her face. Of couse he wouldn't leave her alone. He was Ben Wade, he was beyond such simple tricks. He stood up, politely pushing the chair back in towards the table, and she took a sharp breath in surprise. \"Mr. Wade, you're bleeding!\" Ben glanced over at her, then down to where she stared at his left side. Sure enough, just seeping onto his shirt from the edge of his pants was a patch of blood shaped like a glove. \"God damn,\" he muttered, touching a hand to the wet spot. Where had that come from, and how in the hell hadn't he noticed it? Jenna hesitated for only a moment, then bit her lip and grabbed a cloth that rested on the small counter, and then the small, nearly empty basin of water that sat on the dry-sink. \"Sit back down and let me see it.\" She commanded, and knelt beside the outlaw as he obeyed. She set the cloth and water beside the man on the table, and carefully pulled at the edges of his shirt. It pulled free of his trousers, and she nervously pushed the blood-stained side out of her way. \"Well this isn't quite how I'd imagined your first attempt to undress me.\" She glanced up, unamused, and recieved only a charming smile. Focusing back on the wounded skin, she studied it for a moment to find the cause for bleeding. It wasn't as obvious as a bullet wound might have been - and even Ben Wade wouldn't have been able to ignore the pain from a gunshot - and the bleeding appeared to have stopped, although only recently. Looking away only to moisten the corner of the cloth in the water, she carefully cleaned away the dark blood from the man's skin - resolutely ignoring the extra several inches of bare torso she revealed. It wasn't until she touched the cloth at the center of the blood spot that Wade's nerves twitched in discomfort. Furrowing her brow, Jenna peered closer at the wounded skin. It looked faintly tattered, and she could see pieces of something attached and worked into the flesh. With a sigh of mixed weariness and frustration, Jenna stood and moved to the small counter to rummage through a drawer for a moment. She came back to Wade's side with a small pair of metal tweezers, and knelt beside him again, pulling his empty drinking glass closer to her on the table. Gently clearing away more of the excess blood with the cloth, she peered closer at the wound. \"You've got something worked into the skin but..I'm not sure what yet. Move your arm, please, so I can have a little more light.\" Wade obediently obeyed, shifting his left arm further back on the table and glancing down at her as she assessed him. Carefully, she prodded one of the oddly-shaped scratches with the tweezers, until she grasped something, and then pulled. \"It's glass,\" she muttered, and dropped it into the empty drinking glass. \"During your shootout some glass must have shattered and stuck in you, or something to that effect.\" Wade tried to think over the entire shootout, striving to recall any close encounters with glass. But it was all a blur, ending only with Dan Evans dead in the dirt. He shook his head. \"I can't be sure.\" \"Well I can, because I'm looking at it.\" Jenna replied dryly, pulling another sliver from his side. \"This will start to hurt soon.\" \"I'll manage.\" Wade pulled the liquor bottle closer to him. Jenna ignored the outlaw then, focusing solely on pulling out as many pieces of glass as she could find. They seemed to be fair sized, mostly the size of large seeds. If there were any smaller shards though, they'd be a trial to find. She just did her best, digging the metal tweezers into the man's tattered skin and dismissing the spasms of his muscles with any pain. The only sounds were the quiet breathing of the two people, the hitches in Wade's as a piece of glass irritated his flesh, and the soft plink of the shards in the whisky glass. \"Considering you're the only guest in my house at the moment, I gather whoever travelled with you on the road to the station is dead.\" She wasn't sure why the words came from her, basically encouraging conversation. But they did. Wade paused. \"Butterfield's alive. And the kid.\" \"You had a kid with you?\" \"He snuck out after us, after his dad.\" Jenna thought for a moment, detracting another chunk of glass. \"So his dad's dead, then?\" An unfamiliar and unwanted sense of grief weighed upon Wade's mind. \"Yes,\" he answered, voice soft. The woman ground her jaw for a moment, anger beginning to burn anew. Here she was, tending to a murderer who had caused the death of a boy's father less than an hour ago. \"And your men? Where are they?\" Ben Wade saw the scene play out before his eyes in double time: Charlie Prince taking aim at Evans, Evans going down in a rush of blood, the boy kneeling by his dying father, and then his own Hand of God flashing out and taking down each of his men. He could practically feel the weight of Charlie's body in his hand as he fired the last bullet into his heart. He swallowed. \"Dead.\" Jenna glanced up. \"Dead? How? You can't tell me that seven of your men were taken down by whatever meagre guard the state gave you?\" He levelled his gaze at her, and she saw his pale eyes had darkened, and were devoid of any expression but a chilling glimmer of bitterness. \"I killed them.\" His words were short, and as harsh and rough as two slabs of stone grinding together. They, and the cold stare in his eyes, sent a chill down Jenna's spine. She ducked her head, focusing again on the injury, and said no more while she finished. The time passed quickly, as Ben Wade studied the small woman working diligently to remove every shred of glass she could find in his flesh. The wounds had been burning and stinging for a while now, yet only to the point that he'd taken a couple sips from the whiskey bottle. He glanced at the glass where the slivers were being deposited, and averaged little less than twenty pieces had been removed. How had he not more obviously noticed the injury? He truly wasn't quite himself. \"I think that's all,\" Jenna finally announced, observing his skin again and gently cleaning away the fresh blood she'd provoked. \"There's a good chance some smaller pieces are in there that I can't see, but unless you want to go see a doctor, there's nothing I can do about that.\" She stood, and wiped her hands on the cloth. \"I'll get you a bandage from the closet to staunch that bleeding.\" She turned and stepped into the hall, digging through the closet. Wade peered down at his exposed side, seeing now only red, swollen skin and the faintest spots of blood that had just begun to flow. Jenna appeared beside him again, holding a roll of white bandage and a dark bottle. She pulled a long strip of the bandage, tearing it easily with her teeth, and then folded it up into a small, thick pad before setting it on the corner of the table. She grabbed the bloodied cloth again, and removed the top from the bottle, then poured the clear liquid onto the cloth. A sharp, familiar smell stung Wade's nose. He clenched his jaw just in time as Jenna abruptly, and without warning, pressed the soaked cloth against his wound. The raw alcohol burned like a fire in his flesh, and Wade couldn't stop the grunt that the pain provoked. It lasted only a moment though, as she quickly removed the cloth and placed the pad of bandage against the wound instead. \"Hold this,\" she instructed and he did as he was told, as she began to wrap the roll of bandage around his waist, nudging his shirt further aside and pinning the make-shift gauze pad against the bleeding. After a couple times around he removed his hand, carefully keeping out of her way but still watching her closely. Her features were gentle, no matter how stern she tried to appear while speaking to him, and she was lovely in a mild, delicate way he could tell she pretended not to have. Her fingers worked swiftly to tear the end of the wrap, and tie the two ends together, holding the bandage tight against his body. She was tightening the knot with finality, when, unable to suppress the urge, he reached forward and brushed his fingers across her neck, and cupped his palm tenderly around her throat. At his touch, the woman flinched and jerked backwards, throwing herself off balance and stumbling to fall on her bottom on the wood floor. Bewildered and alarmed, Wade moved forward to help Jenna up, ignoring the continuous sting in his side. \"Jenna?\" He asked, reaching out a hand. She refused to look at him, touching her hand to her throat and scrambling back up ungracefully. \"Why would you..? D-don't touch me.\" She muttered, her only reply, and continued to avoid meeting his eyes as she grabbed the materials she'd been using off the table, depositing them by the sink. \"You, uhm, you can sit in the living room and read or something and I'll make dinner early. I..I imagine you're hungry.\" She cleared her throat, wiping her hands on a towel again, and regaining her bearings. \"You do read, Mr. Wade?\" He studied her for a moment, curious and intrigued by her odd behavior, but letting it be. He had another day and a half with her, after all. \"What chances I have, I do, yes.\" \"Well now's a chance. There are some books on the table. I'll let you know when supper's ready.\" Without waiting for a reply, she turned her back to him, pulling a couple dishes from the lower cupboard. Little more than half an hour later, Wade was called back to the kitchen. He tore a page from the book he was holding, then tossed it back onto the coffee table and joined Jenna at the small kitchen table. It was laden with shredded beef, gravy, corn, and biscuits and gave off a homey, heavenly aroma. He inhaled deeply, offering a small smile at the woman that set mugs of drink before the two plates. \"It looks like you over-did yourself, Miss Jenna. It's just Ben Wade you're housin'.\" She glanced up at him for a moment, then seated herself firmly. \"Trust me, Mr. Wade, I haven't forgotten.\" Her tone wasn't as flattering as he would have liked, and Wade thoughtfully lowered himself into the chair opposite her. She immediately dished herself a moderate helping of each item, but he merely watched her hands move about the table. They paused, after a moment. \"Mr. Wade? Is there a problem?\" He didn't look into her eyes, playing out his devices skillfully. \"No, ma'am.\" As if her question had been a command, he began to help himself to the meal. Only her hands stayed in sight of his lowered eyes, and they didn't move from their places resting beside her plate. He could feel her watching him, inwardly debating. \"May I ask about your behavior, Mr. Wade?\" \"My behavior, ma'am?\" She paused. \"You seem a little...put-out.\" He let her wait in silence, not looking at her just yet. \"I apologize for offending you earlier, Miss Jenna.\" He replied softly, surprising himself. That wasn't what he'd planned on saying. But nonetheless, he followed his comment with a sly glance at her face from underneath his lashes. He knew the effect it would have. She was clearly surprised, confused even, but wary. Her eyes met his though and her face softened, revealling the mild sweetness she strove to suppress around him. She glanced down, flushing slightly. \"I'm sorry as well. I..I overreacted. You meant no harm.\" \"That's right,\" Wade murmured, daring to raise his head a little more, his eyes boring into her more directly, \"I certainly meant no harm.\" Her dark eyes held his for only a couple breaths, and she pulled away again, focusing on her meal instead. Wade twisted his mouth to hide a smirk, and upon reaching to pick up his fork, noticed the page still in his hand. He glanced at it for a moment, before setting it on the table and nudging it silently towards Jenna. Without looking at her, he began to eat. He heard her set down her own cutlery, and saw in his peripherals her pick up the paper. She was quiet for a long moment. \"This is very good.\" A pause. \"Do you draw often?\" He swallowed, risking a mild glance up. \"More than I read.\" The faintest of smiles nudged the corner of her mouth, and then vanished. Her eyes focused on the page again, studying his quick sketch of the kitchen, and her standing before the stove. It was more complex and detailed than his usual pieces, but then again, he had more time than usual right now. Her brow pulled forward a touch as she turned the page over. \"Is this from one of the books?\" He sat up straighter, swallowing again. \"I apologize, there was no other paper available.\" Her eyes rested on him again, eyes as dark and deep as a lake, and they were stern. \"You might have asked, Mr. Wade.\" Wade leaned back in the chair with more leisure, beginning to associate the title 'Mr. Wade' with displeasure on her part. He said nothing for a long moment, staring at her instead. Her dark eyes grew colder and sterner with each passing second, and yet his remained mild, almost bored. It irritated her, he knew, but it helped put him in control. Show no aggravation, no irriation, no emotion, and your opponent becomes unnerved. It had worked a hundred times before and did not fail him now. Eventually her glare wavered, and soon broke, falling to look anywhere but at his expressionless eyes. He stood then, the chair scraping against the wood floor, and he sauntered carelessly back into the small living room. Had he been in a decent mood, he would've helped the woman with the dishes and cleaning up the meal - he may be an outlaw, but he had manners. But she had begun to irritate him, fighting off every advancement he made - ones both neutral, friendly, and flirtatious alike. She could handle the clean-up alone, while he sat in her uncle's chair, drawing on pages of her books. Jenna appeared in the living room a short while later, and eyed him until he glanced up lazily, the small pencil in his hand frozen on the page. She clenched her jaw, but didn't appear as sure of herself as before. Instead she shifted, wringing her hands in her dress and glancing around. \"Yes, Miss Jenna?\" Wade drawled after a moment. Her dark eyes glanced down at the book he was vandalizing - Crime and Punishment - and pressing her lips together, she moved around him to sit on the couch. She didn't answer him, apparently applying herself to his game of cold behavior, and instead picked up the embroidery basket that sat beside her seat. She chose a new bolt of cloth, selected a handful of colors, threaded her needle, and began to work into continual silence. Wade watched her from over the edge of his sketch, quietly observing the stern lines of bitterness that fell from the woman's face as she focused on her newest task. Her small hands moved skillfully and quickly, and her head tilted slightly to the left as she gave the cloth her full attention. It was fascinating for Wade, to see someone so completely immersed in such a normal, harmless task. Shifting in his seat, he lowered his eyes back to the page.[Chapter 4] The next installment. Hope those of you reading this enjoy where this goes...it's weird how nervous I am about this story... Anyway, I'll shut up. Cheers Night had fallen. Jenna looked over at the wooden chair across from her to ask her uncle for the time, and was slapped again with reality. It was Ben Wade sitting across from her, asleep, not her uncle. Whether that was better or worse was difficult to yet tell. Wade, at least, was a handsomer sight. Not spectacular, perhaps, but better than a fifty year old man with a limp and that always smelled like smokeand liquor. The outlaw was a little shorter than her uncle had been, but big in presence. He dressed nicely, despite the dust and wear that his clothes had seen, and he spoke nicely too, with a soft, gravelled voice. He had a definitive rough look about him, but his smile - when it showed - was unexpectedly warm, like when the sun emerges from behind a cloud of thunder. He was a charmer, that much was clear, and he knew it and used it. It took everything she had to dismiss his taunts and advances, and remind herself he was a murderer and holding her captive in her own home. But no, she realized, silently and slowly setting aside her embroidery. He was, to all outward appearances, unconscious at the moment. The front door was little more than fifteen feet away. It would be so easy, so simple, to stand up and slip out the door, get help, and have the man arrested. It would take no time at all. But she hesitated, watching him closely. It'd be too easy for him, as well, to be faking his sleep. His eyes did not move beneath his lids, his body was limp, his head fallen to the side, and his chest moved steadily with his breaths. He was the convincing image of sleep. Better to take the chance, she decided, and silently rose to her feet. Jenna was blessed with only the smallest creak of the flooring as she moved from her seat. Each step seemed to take an hour to place, and she barely breathed, glancing repeatedly over her shoulder. Wade didn't twitch, there wasn't the slightest change in his breathing. Less then five feet away now. With agonizing slowness, she reached out to the doorknob. Her fingers grazed the cool metal, when the cocking of a gun startled her enough to jerk her hand away from the door. She didn't turn around, just stopped moving and closed her eyes. \"Am I really that bad of company, Miss Jenna?\" The murderer's voice was just as dry and confident as always. He hadn't been sleeping. \"I'll probably lower this pistol if you turn around and come back this way, sweetheart.\" It'd been a while since he'd used that name on her. Begrudgingly, she obeyed, turning stiffly and forcing herself back into the room, her eyes always trained on the gun in Wade's skilled hand. \"You don't have to stare at it like that, darlin',\" he teased with a small smile, \"it's not gonna fire unless I make it.\" She didn't answer, tightening her lips and looking pointedly away from the man. He tilted his head, studying her calmly. \"Is it so hard to endure my presence for less than two days, Miss Jenna?\" His voice was soft, but she didn't answer him directly. She cleared her throat, glancing at his stomach. \"I should probably check your bandages, Mr. Wade.\" He stared at her for another moment, until the burn of his gaze became too hard to resist. Jenna glanced up at him. \"Okay,\" was all he said, and then rose to his feet. The woman made her way back into the kitchen, finding a new cloth and picking up the small basin of water, along with the bandages, and returned to kneeling beside the outlaw. She said nothing as she pulled up the side of his shirt and tore through the bloody bandage, unwinding it from around his stomach. The wounds had bled more than she'd expected - straight through the pad and wrap. If there was new blood on Wade's shirt, however, it was hidden by the dried old blood. She debated offering to wash it. But for the time being, she kept her jaw set and her eyes down, focusing solely on cleaning the excess blood on the man's skin, and applying a fresh dressing. \"I didn't kill him, you know,\" Wade's voice was only a murmur, and Jenna glanced up to find his blue-green eyes were dark, staring down at her almost sadly. She didn't reply. \"That boy's father, I mean. Dan Evans. I didn't kill him.\" Jenna looked away, wrapping the bandaging around the man's torso. \"So you had your men kill him. Same difference.\" \"Is that what you think?\" Dark blue eyes glanced up at him for only a moment. \"If this Dan Evans died while in your presence, it's the same as you killing him, Mr. Wade.\" \"How do you figure?\" \"We both know that if you weren't there, or he weren't around you, he'd still be alive right now. But because you were there, you've left that boy without a father.\" Wade was silent for a moment, staring at the wooden floorboards and thinking this over. She was right, and it was something he'd known without the woman stating it. Jenna firmly tied the last knot to hold the bandage, and pulled his shirt back in place. \"There. That'll probably be the only change you'll need.\" She wiped her hands briskly on her dress, and stood to move away. Wade caught her wrist. She jumped, and glanced down in alarm, to find pale eyes staring at her, eyes that showed the smallest glimmer of remorse and sadness. \"I didn't want him to die, Jenna,\" Ben said softly, never looking away or loosening his hold. \"I grew to like Evans, although I doubt he could say the same for me. He was intelligent. Hard working. Honest. He loved his family.\" He glanced away, his brow pulling down in sadness at the memories. \"And he managed to get me on that train, despite all the trouble my men and I gave him. He kept going, because he had said he would, and because his family needed the money more than they needed him alive. I didn't mean for him to die...\" The surge of emotion-laced words caught Jenna off-guard. She stared for a moment, then found herself turning to face Wade more directly. \"..then how did he die?\" Wade swallowed, glancing down briefly. \"Charlie Prince. My second-in-command. He showed up right as Evans got me on the train.\" Jenna paused, then keeping her voice soft, asked, \"Is that why you killed your men?\" Blue-green eyes glanced up at her for a moment, and they were lonely and sad. He nodded once. \"Yes. Charlie was loyal as a guard-dog, but as bad-tempered and headstrong as one too. He needed to be put down anyway.\" He swallowed again, and ran a hand through his chesnut hair. \"But I was blinded by my anger when I saw Evans shot, and took it out on all of my men. Figured I'd start over, fresh. So I got on the train myself. I wanted to go to Yuma right then - I wanted Evans to have accomplished his duty before his death, so his boy would have a scrap of good news to tell his mother when he got home. But I couldn't do it. After about a hundred yards, I whistled for my horse.\" He stopped then, and dropped his head, raising a hand to press into his eyes. Jenna watched with sympathetic eyes as the toughened, emotionless facade slipped from Ben Wade. She saw him then as a man that had to begun to realize it was too late for him to ever turn away from the renegade life he lived, and was wearied by. Something about this side of the outlaw touched her, and despite her best efforts to keep away from the murderer, she couldn't stop her hand from reaching out to touch his own. He seemed weary and alone, and she thought to offer him a sense of companionship was harmless enough. Wade looked up at her touch, and his distressed eyes met hers with a surprising force of emotion. \"I still see Dan Evans lying in the dirt, covered in his own blood. And I still feel the press of my gun against Charlie's chest... I've never been this bothered by killing.\" His gravelly voice was thick, as he struggled with his vulnerability. \"Jenna Daniels, I don't..I don't understand this.\" His statement was a question, and a question she understood. He was asking her why, just then, his toughened exterior was cracking, after the years and years of resistance. Jenna understood the question, but she wasn't sure she knew the answer. \"I'm not sure I know, Ben,\" she answered truly. \"Maybe it's just been a while since you've lost someone you've cared about, that wasn't a rotten person.\" She paused, then added, \"No offense to your men.\" Wade laughed, short, dry, and bitter. \"Oh they were rotten people, Miss Jenna, we both know that.\" He sobered then, thinking over her words. \"But that's a good theory, Miss Jenna, whether I like to admit it or no.\" He paused again, then glanced up at her slyly, with a flirtatious glint back in his blue-green eyes. The change was so sudden, Jenna couldn't be sure the vulnerability from a minute ago had even existed. \"You called me Ben,\" he said, with a small smirk. Realizing he was right, the faintest flush touched Jenna's cheeks as she rose up again. \"A slip of the tongue, I suppose.\" \"Is that all your tongue can do?\" The provocative tone and taunting words sent a girlish shiver up Jenna's spine, and she turned away to hide a deeper blush. \"Mr. Wade...\" she started, but trailed off, as her tongue couldn't seem to find the right words at such a moment. A hand grasped hers then and she jumped, but turned to find Ben Wade now standing beside her, gently holding her hand. His soft eyes gazed down at her and her body tingled with the terrifying thought that he might kiss her. He would be the wrong kind of man to slap away, and too strong to fight off. A tremble crept through her limbs. Wade felt it, and his brows furrowed slightly in confusion. He hadn't done anything but taken her hand, an action she'd first instigated. Testing the waters, he raised a hand to touch her cheek. She flinched when his hand came up, but tolerated the brush of his fingers for a moment, like a trapped animal might. Another tremble shook her body, and she finally twisted away. \"Jenna,\" Ben said softly, studying her curiously, \"is something the matter?\" She took a shaky breath, her back to him. \"I..I don't feel well, Mr. Wade.\" She answered lamely. \"I think I'm going to lie down.\" She strode into the living room, Wade following her. \"Where do you sleep when your uncle...when he was alive?\" Wade paused, glancing towards the one bedroom. \"...you didn't share his bed?\" It seemed as if Jenna stiffened for a moment, before glancing over her shoulder at him. \"Of course not. I have a cot, here.\" From beside the small piano, the woman pulled a folded square of wood and stiff cloth. It unfolded into a medium, one person cot. Wade eyed it incrediously. \"You slept on that, while your uncle got the bed?\" Jenna shrugged, moving around Wade to pull a blanket and pillow from the linen closet. \"He was the man of the house. And I didn't mind.\" The outlaw didn't believe that for a second, but made no further comment as she laid the bedding on the cot. \"How did you come to live with your uncle anyway?\" Jenna glanced at him. \"I believe I said I wasn't feeling well, Mr. Wade. Save your questions until the sun comes, will you?\" Wade smiled mildly in answer and nodded. \"Good. You'll be sleeping here. There's wood beside the fireplace if you get chilled.\" She flashed him a mocking smile, and turned on her heel towards the bedroom. Wade stood in the living room for a moment, staring unsurprised and unamused at the inadequate bed. But he felt a headache coming on from the tango of emotions and misinterpretations of the night so far, and unwillingly put himself to sleep. The smell of burning woke Jenna Daniels harshly from her slumber. She sat up and glanced wildly around the bedroom, as if she expected to see the timbers smoldering around her. But the room was fine, although the stinging, smoky smell remained. She was stepping out of bed and into a long robe when something clattered from the direction of the kitchen, and was briefly followed by a curse. Worried, and admittedly a little amused, Jenna padded quietly out of the bedroom. She paused at the edge of the kitchen, taking in the sight. A small pan sizzled and smoked on the stove, a plate lay upside down on the floor - a couple pieces of ham lay beside it -, and another pan hissed, steaming, in water in the sink. Ben Wade had heard her approach amid the noise of the disaster he was steadily causing, and stood beside the fallen plate and food, looking equally embarrassed and amused. \"Problems, Mr. Wade?\" Jenna asked through a smirk. He glanced down at the plate by his feet, and then the smoking mess on the stove. \"A few.\" Jenna smiled slightly, and made her way to the stove, where she put out the flame and removed the pan. It appeared to contain what had once been eggs. \"I hope you know we don't have enough food to destroy it like this regularly, Mr. Wade.\" \"Sorry Miss Jenna, things got a little out of hand,\" he picked up the plate and meat from the floor, \"It's, uh, been a while since I've cooked a meal.\" \"You could've fooled me.\" He offered an uncomfortable half-smile, then glanced down at the ham he was holding. \"What ought I to do with this?\" \"Put it back on the plate, and set it on the counter. The neighbor's dogs will like it.\" Wade obeyed, and then fell silent as Jenna helped him clean up the soiled breakfast. She trashed the ruined eggs, took the attempted potatoes from the other pan and included them with the ham for the dogs, and then had Wade draw some more water so she could wash the dishes. Then she was quite literally up to her elbows in soap and water, scrubbing the black burns from the pans as best she could. Wade stood awkwardly nearby for a moment, then just sat himself at the table. Jenna glanced at him. \"Looks like breakfast today will be toast, Mr. Wade. Hand me that towel.\" The man did as told, handing her the hand towel sitting beside him. She dried her hands, and then reached into one of the few cupboards to pull out a brown sack, the wrappings of a loaf of bread. \"There should be a bit of butter in the root cellar, just outside-\" she paused, studying him for a moment. \"The eggs and meat were in the root cellar. How did you find them?\" Wade smiled faintly. \"I don't sleep very heavy or for very long, Miss Jenna. I got to exploring.\" She eyed him warily, beginning to scrub at the dishes again. \"You better not have taken anything.\" Still, the outlaw smiled mildly. \"I'm a coach-robber and murderer, Miss Jenna; not a petty thief.\" He ducked out the front door then, going around the house to the root cellar. Jenna stood washing the dishes, debating whether or not his words were reassuring. Wade appeared just a couple minutes later, laden with butter, a jar of jam, and a couple eggs. He set them tenderly down on the counter, and looked expectantly at the smaller woman, who was just finishing washing the second pan. \"I told you we don't have a lot of extra to spare, Mr. Wade.\" \"It's just a couple eggs, Miss Jenna. If you think I'm such a thief, I could steal a few for you to make up for the ones I ruined.\" Jenna shot him a look, unamused. \"Dry these pans for me.\" As Wade did so, she cut a few slices from the thick loaf of bread, and readied them with butter and jam, then sat them on two fresh plates. Wade handed her the smaller pan, and she cracked the eggs into it, setting it on the stove to fry. The meal was prepared quickly and properly, meagre though it was. Jenna took the smaller piece of bread, and only one of the eggs, giving the rest to the larger man. She couldn't help but wonder how, now that her uncle was dead, they were to get money for food. She'd likely have to pick up a job - which shouldn't be too hard; with a third of the town dead, there would be some openings. Ben Wade watched Jenna from underneath his lashes as they ate in silence. She was obviously deep in thought, her clear blue eyes focused solely on her plate or the woodwork of the table. Her brow was furrowed slightly as she thought, and Wade wondered what troubled her. Ashamedly, he glanced down at his own plate. He'd tried to make breakfast as an unspoken apology for making her uncomfortable last night, and instead just caused more of a problem. Generally, he couldn't have cared less. But Ben Wade was known for being a little soft on the women, and he was inconveniencing her enough with his presence, he didn't need to make matters any worse. But they only had to make it through the day, and he'd be out of her hair. \"That was very good, Miss Jenna,\" he complimented as they both finished their plates. She barely glanced at him. \"It was toast and eggs, Mr. Wade. Simple enough.\" His pale, intelligent eyes followed her as she picked up both of their plates, and made her way to the sink, where she began scrubbing them. The woman wouldn't let him touch her, wouldn't even take a compliment from him. She was a challenge. He smiled slightly to himself, and then rose to his feet. \"I can take care of those, Miss Jenna, if you'd like to get dressed.\" She glanced at him, internally debating if the matter was worth arguing, then shrugged and left the kitchen. Wade watched her go, and then turned his gaze to the task at hand with a sigh. Another benefit to his rogue life - with him in charge, others did any dishes for him. But he could do it this once. He plunged his hands into the soapy water.[Chapter 5] Thank you everyone so, so much for your fantastic comments. They really mean so much to me :) I'm thrilled people are enjoying this story, and hope you still do by the time it ends. Cheers! xx Minutes later, Jenna appeared back in the kitchen, wearing a simple, proper yellow dress. Wade was sitting leisurely at the table, cleaning the Hand of God with a small cloth he'd found, and glanced up as she entered. Jenna didn't miss his glance down her body, but neither made a comment about it. \"I need to do something about my uncle today,\" said Jenna. \"Such as?\" \"Claim the body, make funeral arrangements, something.\" Wade glanced at her again. \"Every person in this town is going to be doing that. I don't think it'll hurt if you hold off a day.\" \"And if someone comes asking questions?\" \"You make something up. You're not feeling well, or whatever. You just keep people away until I leave.\" \"So you're not letting me leave my house?\" \"I never said that.\" Wade looked over at her, slipping his gun back into it's holster. She didn't like the inflection of his voice. \"You're going to leave your house, but with me.\" Panic began to creep into Jenna Daniels. \"What do you mean, Mr. Wade?\" \"Don't worry, I don't mean I'm taking you with me when I haul out of here. But I've got my horse, see, and I locked him up in corral just a few houses away. I need to check on him.\" The outlaw rose to his feet, his calm eyes never leaving Jenna's face. \"I don't quite trust leaving you here alone, Miss Jenna. So if you'd be so kind as to accompany me...\" Wade made his way to the front door, and then stood beside it expectantly. Jenna hesitated, watching him warily. \"Right now?\" \"The sooner it's done with, the easier, Miss Jenna. C'mon, it'll only be a minute. I just wanna make sure no one's bothered 'im.\" Slowly, the woman stepped forward, until Wade opened the door for her. She glanced towards the street, lamenting more than ever before that she and her uncle lived on the edge of the small town. At this distance it'd be difficult to slip away from Wade and run for help. Pointless, most likely. As if he knew her thoughts, Jenna felt Wade's hand slip around her right arm, casually holding her close to him. They walked behind the houses, no one to see them but the open land on their right, the houses shielding them on the left. They walked towards the station, up to the corrals built there. Jenna saw the pen with the horses, but couldn't be sure which one was Wade's. She'd heard he rode a big black beast, but there were two black animals in the corral. Once they reached the wooden barrier keeping them from the horses, Wade whistled a couple notes. One of the black horses, dark as coal and glistening like silk, turned away from the others and trotted towards them, tossing it's great head. Jenna glanced up at Wade to see him smile the sweet smile he had, and reach up with the hand that wasn't holding her to pat the horse's neck. \"Well, he certainly looks fine. And he's still here, which is what I was mainly worried about. How long do you think it'll take your folk to notice him?\" Jenna shrugged slightly. \"I couldn't really say. Depends on when the next time someone goes riding is.\" Wade studied her, obviously hoping for a clearer answer. \"If you leave tomorrow morning, Mr. Wade, I doubt they'll have noticed him. Right now there are bigger problems.\" \"My hopes exactly. Well then, our task is done, Miss Jenna.\" Wade turned them around then, sneaking a look for the crate with roped tied around it. He spotted it and was reassured enough to continue on, and march Jenna back to the house. \"If we're out, Mr. Wade, can't we just stop at the sheriff's and talk to them about my uncle right now?\" A short laugh broke from the man's lips. \"Do you honestly believe I am that näive, Miss Jenna? Have you any idea just how many wanted posters are bound to be in there, with my face on them?\" He chuckled again, shaking his head. \"No way in hell, Miss Jenna. No way in hell.\" She set her jaw, frustrated and disliking more with every minute the pull of Ben Wade's hand on her arm. \"Fine then, not the sheriff's, but the caretaker's, or something?\" Wade barely glanced at her. \"Miss Jenna, you have yet to even shed a tear for your uncle. Why in the world are you so persistent with seeing him put to rest? Surely not because gettin' me in a public place would make it easier to get me caught?\" She didn't answer, and it seemed his glance became harder. \"Just one more day, Miss Jenna, I think you can handle that.\" He pushed her none too gently towards the door then, as they came to the bottom steps of the porch. Jenna stumbled for a moment, shooting a glare over her shoulder at the man, and then tossed her hair back, striding into the house. Wade paused for a moment before the door, glancing around behind him, but the town was still. Hardly at ease, he slipped inside. Inside the small house, Jenna abruptly ignored Wade and began needlessly cleaning: sweeping, dusting, scrubbing the floors, rearranging what few idle possessions there were, and so on. Wade ignored her as well, laying himself on the loveseat and picking up another pencil and book to decorate. He knew he was being juvenile, purposefully sketching on books because it annoyed Jenna, but at the moment he didn't really care. Instead he sketched the Hand of God in one, then his legs and boots from the angle as he saw them in another novel, before rising and attempting to engage Jenna in conversation. His attempts failed, as instead she answered him curtly - if at all - and then gathered some clothes to do laundry. \"You'll be doing it inside, you know that?\" The woman looked at him hard. \"How am I to do that, ?\" He shrugged. \" How is not my concern. In the sink, if you must. I'll pull you the water. But I'm not trusting you to stay outside for an hour just to do laundry, and I'm too comfortable in here to follow and watch you.\" She pressed her lips into a line. \"Fine. Get the water.\" Wade did so, pouring it into both sides of the small sink. Jenna had placed the basket of dirty dresses on the counter, and eyed the man as he deposited the last bucket of water in the sink. \"Do you want your shirt washed?\" Wade glanced down at himself, noting the patches of dirt and frayed edges before the splash of dried blood. \"I haven't got another.\" \"You can wear one of my uncle's while yours is drying.\" She turned and disappeared into the bedroom, returning briefly with a loose, forest-green plaid shirt. Wade tried not to make a face at the droll cloth, and began unbuttoning his own once-cream-colored shirt. A small smile touched his lips as he noted Jenna looking purposefully away as the shirt fell further open. She handed him the clean piece of clothing, and her eyes fell on a broad chest as the shirts exchanged hands. Jenna cleared her throat, turning around to face the sink again. \"In the cupboard on the left there should be a small wrapped package of smoked beef. If you're hungry, you can have some of that with bread and butter for lunch.\" Wade glanced at the indicated cupboard and nodded. \"Thank you much, Miss Jenna. For the washing and the food.\" The woman didn't answer, and didn't turn away from her task. Wade ate the small meal quietly and alone, then returned to his place on the couch to continue to incessant drawings. The food and lazy warmth of the house put him into a doze, but by the time he jolted awake, Jenna was just finishing with the washing. He alternated between sketching and carefully watching her hang the clothes outside to dry - growing tense every time she seemed to be taking longer than necessary - and then was halfway through a sketch of the piano when Jenna appeared before him, done with her tasks. Wade glanced out the window to see the sun had fallen considerably lower. He looked back at the small woman, but she only glanced at him before turning to the piano herself. Wade watched in faint entertainment as she slid back the cover for the keys, and lightly pressed a few notes. His hand started moving again, adding into his sketch a pretty woman at the keys, as the short, sweet tunes she played out soothed themselves into his mind. The music was calming and relaxing, and Jenna herself wasn't entirely sure what made her decide to sit down and play. She wasn't very skilled at it, normally playing when she was home alone - or her uncle demanded it. But it was something to do and it calmed her mind, forced her to focus on something besides the murderer lying on her sofa, vandalizing her books. \"You play well.\" She started, her fingers slipping from the keys. \"Not very.\" \"You play better than myself.\" A small smile touched her lips. \"Pardon me if I doubt that's hard to do.\" She turned to look at Wade then, and found him smiling warmly over the edge of a book. \"You're not wrong.\" Silence fell then, and Jenna grew uncomfortable, unnervingly aware again of just who it was that gazed at her. She stood up, smoothing her dress and moving into the kitchen. \"It's evening now. I imagine you're hungry?\" She could hear Wade shifting on the couch. \"I wouldn't mind a bite.\" He sauntered casually into the small kitchen space. \"Any way I could help?\" Jenna eyed him for a moment, ever wary. \"You could get some salted pork from the root cellar, along with a jar of fruit and a flagon of beer if you'd like.\" Wade nodded, and turned to do her bidding. The woman watched him for a moment, before pulling out the loaf of bread again, along with a couple carrots and onions recently torn from the garden. When Wade returned, he cut the carrots and onions into pieces as Jenna sliced the bread and seasoned the meat. When both were done, she tossed the meat and vegetables into a shallow pan with some water to cook through. The bread she spared a little more of the butter with, setting it in preparation on the table and following with a mug of beer for Wade and water for herself. \"Mind me askin' how it is you've got your own beer here?\" Wade rested his arms on the back of one of the chairs, watching Jenna leisurely. \"My uncle,\" she answered, turning back to check on the main dish, \"he...he liked to have a drink now and again without having to go to the saloon. So we've got a few bottles in the cellar.\" Ben Wade nodded in mild reply, and Jenna poked at the meat and vegetables again. \"I think this is about done. We've got fruit for a dessert of sorts, if you'd like,\" she gestured towards the jar of peaches that Wade had set beside the sink. The man made no comment, merely sat himself at the table, as Jenna transferred the pork and vegetables from the stove to their plates. He was well-mannered enough to wait until she seated herself across from him to eat, and he took a couple careful bites while watching her do the same. \"It's very good,\" he complimented. Jenna offered a mild smile, but no more. The faintest sense of frustration touched the man then. He'd been basically living with the woman for a day now, treated her - in his eyes - fairly well, and yet still she remained as distant as from the start. He was Ben Wade - he was deadly and intelligent and charming and could have any woman. But this one didn't want him . What about her blushes and nervous glances? He knew what they meant; he could see the effect a smile or special glance from him had on her. Yet now, the night before he'd be leaving her forever, she implicated nothing towards him. Another thought touched Wade then: he still didn't know the story on her uncle. When the man had come to the door and told her of her uncle's death, she should have at least shed some tears, if not collapsed sobbing or whatever it was women usually did. But no. And still he had yet to see the faintest glimmer of grief over the death of her relative. Perhaps she cried while in her bed at night, this was true, but she still should show some sadness when he mentioned the man. But she hadn't. And another curious thing, Wade thought as he chewed on the pork, was her terror of being touched. Sure, advances from Arizona's most-wanted murderer might be a little intimidating, but he'd been gentle. He could still feel her trembling under his fingertips. The fear and unease that had been in the lovely woman's dark blue eyes intrigued him, bothered him, maybe. He glanced up at her again, thoughts running silently through his mind. The meal finished too quickly for Ben Wade, as part of him lamented the swift passing of hours. He helped Jenna tidy the table, handing her the dishes and setting out small bowls for the fruit. While he did so, she scrubbed at the pan in the sink, cleaning up the mess before a new one came along. Wade paused, standing behind her at the sink, studying the line of her back and movement of her shoulders, covered delicately in the waves of dark gold hair. Impulsively, he reached forward and brushed aside the curtain of hair from her neck, taking a step closer. Jenna jumped, dropping the dish she'd been holding, and then suddenly freezing. Wade had paused at her reaction, but when she didn't move, he dared venture further. His right hand gently carressed her neck, while his left rose to touch at her waist, his body pulling slightly closer again. \"Jenna, it's alright..\" he murmered softly, feeling the warmth of her body through his touch, smelling the faint sweet scent of her skin. He dared to inch closer, and then the woman whirled beneath his touch, knocking his left arm aside and swiping at the right. Wade recoiled with a hiss of surprise and pain - the woman had gotten him with something sharp. He glanced down at her right hand as he held his own. She was holding a small knife. Alarm and confusion knit together on his brow. \"What the hell?\" \"I've told you before - don't touch me.\" Her breathing was heavy, as if her distress was exerting. Wade stared at her for a moment, then examined his hand. On the edge of his palm he now had a bleeding gash nearly two inches long, and it was beginning to drip onto the floor. \"Fuck, woman. Bit of a temper there, don't you think?\" She just narrowed her eyes, knuckles white as she still gripped the blade. \"What in the hell is your problem with being touched?\" She breathed heavily for a moment. \"I don't appreciate feeling like..like an object.\" \"I'm not trying to- Jesus, this stings,\" Wade breathed in sharply, carefully holding his bleeding hand. Taking a slow breath, he carefully lifted his eyes to hers, keeping his voice low. \"I didn't mean to make you feel like an object, Jenna. My actions just..got away from my mind, for a minute.\" He worked to keep his temper down, reminding himself he needed to keep this woman on his side for the time being. \"I'm sorry.\" The small woman stared at him for a long moment, her breathing slowing down, her grip on the knife loosening slightly. Her dark eyes searched his for the while, and finally he saw the slightest relaxation in her rigid muscles. \"And I'm..I'm sorry about your hand,\" she weakly apologized, putting the small knife back on the counter. \"I just...have reactions, sometimes..and with you being Ben Wade and all..\" Her eyes flicked nervously up at him again. He held her gaze level. \"I understand.\" She looked away. \"Sit down, and I'll wrap your hand.\" She moved away before Wade could say anything, going to the closet to fetch bandages once more. Wade looked down at the fair puddle of blood he was creating, and moved to seat himself again, observing the wound. It wasn't bad, just fresh, and now all but his fingers were seeped in red. He felt it run to the back of his hand, where it dripped again to the clean spot of floor. Jenna entered then, pulling a chair beside him rather than kneeling on the bloody floor, taking a cloth and wiping away the excess blood, then sternly tearing a piece of bandaging to wrap around his hand. Wade couldn't help but find himself more than trifle confused, as the same woman that had just cut open his skin was now mildly bandaging it back together. What in the hell? \"Miss Jenna?\" He said her name gently, almost asking for her permission to speak. She glanced up, her hands working slowly. \"Yes?\" He paused, studying her for a heartbeat, before continuing, \"May I be forward?\" She smiled faintly. \"You're Ben Wade. I think you can do as you like. You're the one with a gun, after all.\" Wade stayed quiet for a moment - that was not quite the answer he'd been looking for, nor did it particularly please him. But she was right, and pretty courtesies were fast becoming tiring. \"Ignoring the fact I am a murdering outlaw and the like - why are you so skittish about being touched?\" He tilted his head, intelligent eyes watching the woman carefully. \"Is it because of your uncle?\" Jenna's movements had paused at his first question, and her mouth tightened at the second. Barely a reaction, but it was plenty for Wade. \"Mr. Wade...\" she started. \"It is because of your uncle,\" Wade confirmed, \"Now how's that? He touch you? Do something to you? Miss Jenna?\" His head lowered further, his eyes burning for her to meet them. She moved her head stiffly, always keeping her eyes lowered, and pulled her hands away from Wade's freshly-bandaged one. She rose to dispose of the dirty cloth and replace the roll of bandages. \"Mr. Wade, I'm not comfortable-\" His arrogance and sense of authority overriding his common sense, Wade caught her wrist. \"Miss Daniels, I am the one with a gun, after all.\" He didn't want to have to threaten her, but Ben Wade wasn't known for his patience. Jenna froze, looking down at him with the faintest touch of fear. She swallowed, seeing she had no way out but to answer. \"Yes, Mr. Wade. Does that satisfy you?\" A faint smile touched Wade's features. \"Not remotely.\"[Chapter 6] I apologize for how short this chapter is, but I had to stop there: next chapter is the finale. Yes, the story is over that quickly. I did say it was a short one :) Which is admittedly quite a relief, considering my LOTR one has been going on for over a year...whew. I miss the feeling of accomplishment one gets when a story is finished, lol! Thank you all for reading Cheers! \"There's a story, Miss Jenna, I saw that yesterday. Why don't you show any grief for the death of that uncle of yours? He was your only family left, from the looks of this empty house.\" The outlaw's blue-green eyes held Jenna's with a magnetism that she could not break from. Jenna didn't want to tell him anything. It seemed to her that to tell would reveal weaknesses, and she didn't need any more of those revealed to the dangerous man before her. But he was demanding, and armed. And would be gone tomorrow before noon anyway - so he claimed. She just hoped he held to it. Jenna took a slow breath, turning to face Wade fully. \"My parents were both killed in a shootout at a saloon when I was nine. My uncle had lived with us already, and when they died, the house remained under his name, and me with it. Things were fine until I got about fifteen. Then my uncle was always telling me how pretty I was, and looking at me funny. One night he got drunk and made a grab at me.\" The woman shifted, lifting her chin. \"I knocked him away, and he was quick to apologize. Nothing more happened until I was nearly twenty. Then he was even more drunk. He..\" she swallowed nervously, \"knocked me down and tore open my clothes. Again, I knocked him away, to the point of unconsciousness. He was a lazy drunk. But, from then on, he was always drunk. Always-\" Jenna stopped, swallowing again, and squaring herself up to Wade. \"Tell me, Ben Wade, should I cry for an uncle that spent anything he made and most of what I made on drinking? Or gambling? Or prostitutes? Should I cry for an uncle that I couldn't hardly turn my back to, for fear of getting grabbed at? A man that would've forced me into his bed if he'd been more stable on his own two feet?\" She paused, her chest nearly heaving with restrained anger. \"Does that satisfy you?\" Wade gazed at the golden-haired woman before him, unable to bury his attraction to see her so worked up and lively. Her tale hardly surprised him, as he'd already guessed something very near the mark. He did pity her, however; a young pretty thing trapped in a house with such a foul man that would mistreat her. More than anything though, Wade was pleased to have finally urged the story out of her. His response was not one that Jenna expected: Wade remained silent, nodding slightly and lowering his eyes, then turning and walking to the lonely living room. He had only just picked up his most recent sketching piece when he heard footsteps enter behind him. \"What's this supposed to mean?\" Jenna asked, \"No reply? You make me tell you that, and you just walk away?\" Wade glanced over at the woman, features expressionless. He said nothing. \"Mr. Wade, answer me.\" Her dark eyes had hardened considerably, and she clenched her jaw, anger masking the feeling of exposure she had just created. \"When I was eight, my mother abandoned me at a train station. Gave me a bible, told me to read it, and then left to get our tickets. Only she never came back with any tickets. I was abandoned, then taken into an orphanage I disliked and abruptly ran away from, and brought myself up - to turn out like this.\" Wade turned to face Jenna more fully, lifting his head and bringing his eyes to hers. \"I've got along fine. Not in the approved way, perhaps, but in the way that suits me. And, to this day, decades later, I have a problem with women. My boys used to say I was too soft on 'em, but that's not exactly, mind my manners, all in hopes that they won't despise me, or leave me.\" He looked away finally, smiling ruefully. \"It's foolish and senseless, but it's a handicap of mine, if you will. So does that satisfy you , Miss Jenna?\" Jenna Daniels stared at Ben Wade for a long moment, not knowing how to react. Whatever she had expected from him, that had certainly not been it. And now, as she looked at him, she saw again that weary man, bereft of companionship and roughness, become lonely. His eyes were warm, but mildly distressed. \"Why did you tell me that, Mr. Wade?\" She asked carefully. The man shrugged, almost unnoticably stepping closer. \"You allowed yourself to be vulnerable for me, I repaid the favour. I did say I have a weakness for women, after all.\" Jenna watched him closely. \"You said you have a problem with women.\" He smiled warmly, allowing charm to seep out, and gliding a step closer. \"Isn't a weakness a problem?\" Jenna just watched him, her eyes trapped within his. \"I told you that tale, Miss Jenna Daniels, because I want you to know that despite who I am and what I've done, I would never purposefully cause you harm. I want you to know that,\" he repeated softly, close enough for his gravelly murmur to be heard. Wade's next move was clear to Jenna, although he hesitated in wait for her permission. He said nothing, didn't move at all, but she could read the idea in his eyes. The soft, blue-green eyes that bore straight into her mind, and seemed to speak without words. There was a magnetism in the man's presence, a magnetism he surely knew about and used often to his advantage. The roughness of his appearance contrasted with the kindliness of his manner, just as his dark and gritty reputation contrasted with his speech. The contrasts were attractive and intriguing, and he knew it, and used it - just like now. And of all things, curiosity is what finally won Jenna Daniels over. The outlaw's mouth was gentle, and tender. His lips took possession of hers slowly, and her eyes slid closed of their own accord. She flinched slightly when a hand reached up to cradle her jaw, but was soothed by the persuasion of Wade's mouth on hers. He was gentle, taking her upper lip and then her lower, kissing her fully, and then pulling away. She stood frozen for a moment, her mouth still open and eyes closed, until the movement of the man's thumb caressing the edge of her jaw brought her to attention. His eyes were even closer than before, and she felt as if she would collapse from the force of them. The heat of his body was against hers and, although at first discomforting, she found it to be welcome and stabilizing. His other hand raised to cradle the other side of her jaw, so that he held her face delicately in his rough hands, his fingers in her dark gold hair. A soft, warming smile lit his features. \"See sweetheart?\" He whispered, his low voice rough and breath warm. \"Not all touches are bad, are they?\" Jenna couldn't help the girlish flush or soft smile that touched her face, and she had no idea of the arousal it sparked within the outlaw. All she knew was his touch and mouth, as he kissed her again, harder than before. The morning came cooler than usual, and neither persons in the small house were aware of it until the sun was high enough to shine through the window and onto Jenna Daniels' face. She winced in the harsh light, covering her eyes with her hand and turning out of the bed. She dug her wrist tiredly into her eyes then, before glancing back at the bed. Some strange part of her had expected to see another form there, and was irrationally disappointed when she found it empty. Nothing had happened the night before that gave her reason to look for company, but it seemed like the instinctive thing to do. Banishing the vague disappointment, she rose, and dressed into a comfortable loose dress. Ben Wade was asleep in the small cot, his form an awkward fit in the dainty contraption. Both feet hung over the end, one arm had slipped to the floor, and a handful of his brown hair had fallen over his face. But Jenna smiled upon seeing him, finding a blanket of ease draped over her as she remembered Wade's kisses and caresses from the night before. He had spoken softly to her, murmuring gentle words in her ear with that sensual, gravelly voice that had mesmerized many women before her. He'd eased her to sit beside him on the couch, and kissed her again, overriding her senses. His hands roamed carefully - and fairly modestly - around her body, whispering soft words in her ear whenever he felt her tense, and placing his lips on hers again. Wade had done precisely what Jenna most needed, and not at all what she might have expected - he'd held her close in his strong arms, against his broad chest, and kissed her gently. Jenna set about making a breakfast for them as quietly as she could, but Wade was a light and restless sleeper, and woke before she came back inside from the root cellar. She entered the house again to find him standing beside the table, looking rumpled and tired, but offering a warm smile nonetheless. \"Mornin',\" he said. Jenna nodded, returned a soft smile, and set a skillet on the stove, then lit it. Wade watched her for a moment, idly massaging his aching wounded hand with his healthy one. \"I apologize for last night, Jenna,\" he broke the silence, \"Now that I think back on it, it was very...out of line. Not that I didn't enjoy it,\" he added, with a flash of his usual charm and nonchalance, \"but I don't want you thinking I just did it because I'm leavin' soon-\" He stopped then, seeing the look on her face. The woman's mood fell swiftly at the mention of his leaving, as it had nearly slipped her mind - her mind, which had been occupied with nothing but the girlish reminiscing of the outlaw's kisses. \"No need for apologies, Mr. Wade,\" she replied formally, tossing several thick pieces of bacon on skillet, which hissed and spat satisfactorily, \"I didn't exactly discourage you, now did I?\" She flashed a quick smile, but the man's features were sober. \"It's 'Mr. Wade' again now, is it?\" He asked softly, the faintest inflection of hurt in his voice. Jenna paused in her idle cooking, and studied the man for a moment. \"No, Ben,\" she finally said softly, \"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. It's just that..it's hard. I mean, last night was very different circumstances and everything-\" \"Doesn't have to be,\" he murmured, before sweeping quickly forward and slipping a hand into her hair, to pull her face to his. The collision of their mouths bewildered Jenna once more, as she inhaled the wild scent of the man and gripped his shoulders in her hands. His own hands - bandaged one included - worked their way into her hair, holding her to his body as the heat of his touch and mouth overwhelmed her. It was passionate to a degree that hadn't been shown the night before, as if Wade was trying to make a point - which he very well might have been, for all Jenna knew. The man's mouth captivated her own, his tongue daring and careful, but accepted into the kiss without hesitation. He trailed his good hand down to her waist, caressing it gently, and then using it to pull her even closer as his kiss pressed deeper. Finally Jenna pulled away, strongly, and with a gasp for breath. Wade didn't completely let her go, but rather gently held her lovely face in his hands. Her dark blue eyes gazed desperately into the outlaw's, and she bit her lip - Wade's eyes could not keep from dropping to the action, and eyeing her mouth hungrily. \"Ben,\" she said softly, but the speaking of his first name was enough to gain his full attention, \"Ben, as much as I don't want to admit this, I...I am very..pleased that..this, happened. However,\" she took a breath and dropped his gaze, slowly pulling his hands from her and taking a half-step back. Then she looked up at him, squarely in the eyes. \"You are leaving in just a few hours. What is the purpose of this?\" \"There is no purpose, Jenna,\" Wade whispered earnestly, \"no purpose other than what's obvious: I want you with me.\" \"Ben..\" \"You can come with me! I can keep you safe, you gotta know that-\" \"Ben-\" \"No one will have a clue you've gone with me, and it'll be-\" \"Ben! Enough ,\" Jenna's voice gained authority, enough to silence the man for the time being, \"You know that's crazy-talk. You're going to be hunted even more after what happened here. I can't go with you.\" \"Jenna, they can't catch me,\" he insisted, with a note that declared he truly believed just so, \"and if they do, they can't hold me. I've been sent to Yuma three times now, and escaped every time.\" \"You're an outlaw, Ben. You're dangerous.\" He flashed a mischievous smile. \"Would you have it any other way? You know that's half the attraction, sweetheart.\" Jenna looked away. \"Jenna, darlin', listen - I can keep you safe, I promise. I've never caused harm to a woman. That ain't my game.\" He watched her, soft eyes almost pleading. \"Jenna, please.\" The woman watched him for a long, silent moment, turmoil shifting inside her. She finally looked away. \"Breakfast's burning.\"[Chapter 7] Alright folks, here is the finale. I hope you enjoy it, no matter how it ends. Thank you all so, so much for reading - I really didn't expect this much feedback! So thank you all very much :) Stay well! The small meal was meagre and quiet, Wade sneaking glances from beneath his brows at the woman across from him. She never returned the looks. The right thing to say eluded him, and silence fell heavily, and remained throughout the meal and clean-up. Finally the two came to a lull in activity, and were forced to face each other. Jenna made her way to the small living room, and quietly took up her needlepoint again. Wade stood in the doorway and watched her. \"I should get my horse,\" he finally commented idly, shifting. Jenna didn't look up. \"Okay,\" she paused, tossing the man a glance, \"You need me to accompany you again?\" Wade shook his head. \"No. I trust you well enough.\" The woman took little mind of his words, focusing back on her task. \"Okay then.\" Wade sighed, turning away and echoing her, \"Okay then..\" He left the house quietly, glancing around in his usual precautionary manner, before slipping behind the wooden building, into the shadows. He strode quickly and quietly behind the houses back to the corral with his mount, and the crate with his belongings. Coming to the crate first, he tore one of the boards off and pulled out his bridle. Going to the small wooden pen of horses, he whistled his short tune and the big black quickly broke away towards him. With a smile and murmur of encouragement, Wade slipped the headstall over the beast's head, and led it obediently back to the crate. He pulled out the expensive saddle then, and tossed it onto the horse's back, hoping no one would notice as he led it back to Jenna's. The beast held still, nudging the outlaw affectionately, and allowed the girth to be fastened snug. Wade glanced into the crate again, and pulled out his holster and belt, then secured it comfortably back around his waist. He hadn't completely realized just how exposed he felt without it. Relocating the Hand of God from his trousers to the holster, then grabbing up his hat and vest - but not putting them on just yet - Ben sighed, and paused. Here was Ben Wade, coming back together. He could practically feel the change just an animal and some clothes had on him. It felt right, more wholesome, and he was reminded again of who he was and what he did. Tired of sneaking about in a weak disguise, Wade was sorely tempted to put his hat and vest on, but didn't want to risk someone identifying him from his trademark clothes - having the gun open at his waist was risk enough. Instead he held back, placing the fabric pieces of himself in the horse's saddle bag, and leading it through the shadows back to Jenna Daniels' house. He tied the horse loosely at the back of the small house, knowing it wouldn't try to get away, and slipped discreetly back through the door. \"Jenna?\" He called needlessly, as she hadn't moved from her place on the loveseat, working with the needle and thread and cloth. She looked up. \"So you're all ready then?\" He nodded. \"Does that mean you're leaving now, or...?\" He shrugged. \"I suppose so. No reason to delay.\" He paused, becoming slightly uncomfortable. \"The clouds are dark; it looks like rain.\" \"That'd be something, it hardly ever rains,\" she smiled slightly, before taking a breath. \"Right,\" Jenna rose, smoothing her skirts formally, \"well, you don't mind if I see you off?\" \"No at all.\" Wade smiled softly, allowing her to pass by him into the kitchen, and he snuck a glance at her needlepoint. He saw black, silver and gold forming the outline of a pistol. Another small smile twisted his mouth. Jenna pulled the rest of the loaf of bread from the cupboard, along with some salted pork and cheese she'd gotten from the cellar. She wrapped them all in a cloth, and turned to hand them to the outlaw. \"I'm sure you can find better fare at the next town, but I don't exactly know where you're going, so if it takes longer than a night's travel, this is for a couple meals.\" Wade hesitated. \"Take it, Ben, I don't mind.\" He obliged with a nod. \"Thank you, Jenna.\" She nodded stiffly, and then glanced around the room. \"Well...I guess that's it.\" With that statement, the woman turned and stepped out the front door. Wade hesitated only a moment before following, and finding her going to the back of the house where his horse still waited. \"You have a canteen?\" The man pulled the small jug from a saddle bag and handed it to the woman, who moved to the water pump a yard away and quickly filled, then returned it. \"Thank you, again,\" Wade offered, keeping his voice soft. The woman shrugged, finally looking up at him with a small smile. \"It's nothing.\" She looked at the horse for a moment, then up at the clouds that had indeed turned a harsh charcoal. \"That'll be a big one; you'll want to get a good start.\" Wade nodded, glancing up as well, and then pulling his hat and vest from his saddle bag and slipped them on. Jenna's hands beat his to the buttons of the vest though, and he let her fasten the ivory circles, taking the moment to study her calm, sweet features. She was so mild and gentle, far nicer than he deserved, and he saw now the irrationality of his earlier words. There's no way he could ever take her with him, not on his path. Women often did have the effect of irrationality on his part, however; this time he was just glad she'd stopped him. \"There,\" she declared as the last button notched into place, and she offered a soft smile up at him. Wade smiled back, rugged features gentling with the action. \"Walk with me for a bit?\" He offered. Jenna glanced up at the clouds, then nodded. \"Sure.\" The man untied his horse, and it turned it around to face east, directly away from Yuma. He took a step forward, and the big beast obediently walked with him, Jenna trailing beside as well. Faintly, Wade recalled what had been his original purpose for hiding in Contention instead of heading for open land immediately after the shoot-out. He glanced behind them, at the quiet houses on the still street. There was a boy somewhere in there, a fatherless boy that had only misery to bring back to his family. Misery, and two hundred dollars, at least. \"When you get back to the town, Miss Jenna, could you do me a favour?\" \"I suppose so.\" \"There's a boy, fourteen or fifteen, that lost his father in the shoot-out-\" \"The boy who's father your men killed?\" Wade paused, the sudden memory of Dan Evans body thrown against the train from the force of bullets, smearing the wood with blood, flashing in his eyes. Just when he'd thought his pathetic sensitivty at the memory had faded. \"Yeah, that' him. I just want-...Do you think you coul, y'know, make sure he gets back home to his family alright?\" He paused again, \"And make sure he's got at least two hundred dollars from Mr. Butterfield on 'im.\" Jenna didn't appear to fully understand the matter, but she did not question it, dark eyes studying the bothered outlaw. \"Of course, Ben. I'll do what I can.\" Wade said nothing more then, just nodded appreciatively and watched the dry ground. Jenna remained quiet another couple breaths, and then said, \"You've given me an interesting couple of days, Mr. Wade.\" He smiled slightly, glancing over at her before gazing out at the dull, open land. \"I'm going to take that as a compliment. Thank you, Jenna, for keeping me.\" \"Not like I had much choice.\" \"True,\" he smiled again, \"but thank you nonetheless.\" The woman nodded. \"I apologize for pulling my gun on you a few times, as well,\" he added. The woman just shrugged, keeping her eyes down. Wade faced her, but kept walking. \"You wouldn't-...I don't-\" he paused, \"nevermind.\" Jenna looked up at the man, who now steadfastly kept his eyes away. It was unusual to find Ben Wade at loss for words, as he always had the smoothest and most clever comeback to anything. But he seemed unsure of himself now. It was then that three almost simultaneous cracks, sharper than thunder, sounded behind the two persons. Two of them bit at the dirt behind Jenna and Wade's feet, kicking up dust, while the third threw Jenna forward. Wade whirled as the woman stumbled, his pistol flashing out and two shots firing off wildly. He saw a handful of figures beside Jenna's house, and each appeared to have a rifle. At his return fire the untrained men dashed for cover, which meant hiding around or inside the woman's empty home. The night before, word had reached the Contention station via telegram that the outlaw Ben Wade had not been on the train for Yuma at the checkpoint. It was decided he must have escaped, and a search was to immediately be set, with the price of his head going up. The man to recieve this telegram was Jacob Call, and he relayed it to the posse of men that had declared themselves the new sheriff and deputies - one of which was Rory Johnston. The news of Wade's escape kept the men entertained for only a while, before they began talking about those that had been killed when the outlaw passed through the town. Johnston mentioned Jenna Daniels, mentioned that she hadn't yet come to claim her uncle's body. A different man in the group told that his son claimed to have seen a strange man enter Jenna's house, the day of the shootout. Things began to piece together in the men's minds, and Johnston mentioned vaguely that Jenna Daniels had acted strangely when he'd shown up at her door. Suddenly it seemed clear to them all. A little preposterous, perhaps, but clear: Ben Wade was hiding out in Jenna Daniels' house. Whether she was willingly putting up with this or not did not matter. But a plan was made to stake out the house early the next morning, and once there was an affirmed sighting of Wade, any means necessary would be taken to capture the outlaw - dead or alive. Now Wade was kneeling in the dust, panting from the adrenaline the gun shots woke, and looking over Jenna with worry. After she'd stumbled, she'd fallen, and had yet to get up. The outlaw carefully turned her over, casting a quick glance at the house, and then back. She was breathing heavily, dirt was on her cheek, and there was a puncture of deep red just beneath her breast. \"Shit..\" Wade breathed, then jumped as another two bullets snapped at the dirt around him. Time was short. \"Jenna? Jenna, sweetheart?\" She winced as she breathed, and then touched a hand to the wound. There was no expression on her face as she saw the blood on her fingertips. She knew what had happened and what was coming. She raised her deep blue eyes up to the man's rugged, worried face and offered a pale, weak smile. \"Sorry, Ben.\" \"No, no,\" he breathed, shaking his head, \"I'm sorry. I told you I'd never hurt you, and now-\" another bullet cracked, nearer now. He raised his arm, firing off two defense shots. He looked back down, and the blood had spread. So quickly. \"Jenna..\" Eyes as deep and blue as the ocean blinked up at him, turned slowly to look over at what had once been her home, and then didn't blink again. So quickly. Wade could hardly breathe, as he tried to understand what had just happened in the last two minutes. He had almost asked if she would mind him coming to visit now and again, but caught himself in time and been reminded that he was Ben Wade - he was dangerous, and worked better alone. Then the bullets that had come from nowhere, and- Had he been sloppy? He must have slipped up. This was such a rookie thing to pull- a hailstorm of bullets cracked and snapped and bit at the ground around the outlaw, and he saw Jenna's body jerk with the impact of a second ball of lead, and then felt a burst of pain in his left arm. With a yell, he raised his gun and fired wildly at the group of men, beating them back down with his own shots. He scrambled to his feet, leaped onto his horse, and with one last pained glance at Jenna - dead, bloody, laying in the dirt; a familiar sight - spurred away, gunshots sounding after him. The big black horse galloped with a speed it knew Wade demanded, and yet still he spurred on, if only to keep himself from turning back. Rage burned inside him, almost blinding, and then he realized the blindness came from water in his eyes - not tears, but rain. It lashed his face and any exposed skin, but it was a relief to the hot fury Wade felt inside. Everything had happened so quickly. He'd only known Jenna Daniels two days, but he hadn't intended for harm to come to her. She'd been right before, when she said Dan Evans wouldn't be dead if he hadn't been around. Now it was the same for her. Shame and guilt overrode the fury, and he wasn't sure which was worse. First Dan killed, then Jenna, just days later. Both dead in the dirt, both because of him. Ben Wade bowed his head as lightning flashed, thunder rolled like drums, and rain bit like nonlethal bullets. He would not make the mistake of getting attached to someone - man or woman - again. Not for a friend, not for a partner, not for a lover. Perhaps he wouldn't even find himself a new gang - they all seemed to turn out rotten and overzealous anyway. Ben Wade could only be more lethal and effective without attachments. And that decided it. As the big black horse's hoofbeats thundered a speed no late-start mount could catch, Wade's mind was decided to go on doing the only thing he knew how to do, and alone. He was invincible, after all. ","Summary":" This is a fairly short story - compared to the LOTR fic I've got going at the moment anyway - but t"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"More to Me","Author":"fanwriter1245","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11412412","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Special extra amazing tens of thousands of thanks to my best friend Will Cloud for making the amazing cover photo for this story! And yes, I changed William's age to 16 in this story. Sue me. As William moved across the nearly barren land atop his horse, he hoped that he hadn't been found out yet by his mother back at home. After all, he had snuck out in the dead of night to go find his father who was escorting an extremely dangerous criminal to prison. No doubt she wasn't going to be happy when she found out he was gone. She'd obviously find out eventually, but the later she did, the farther away from the house he could get. He was about to find a place to settle down for the night, since he was admittedly exhausted, when he spotted another person on their horse as well. When he got closer to the rider, he was quite surprised to discover that it was a girl! \"Hi,\" she said to him with a small smile on her face when she realized she was no longer alone. \"What are you doin' out here so late at night?\" \"What are you doin' out here?\" \"I asked you first.\" \"Fine. I'm tryin' to find my pa.\" The girl looked a little confused. \"He been lost for long?\" \"No, it's not like that,\" William said shortly. Already this girl was getting on his nerves. Why had he come over to talk to her? He should've just kept riding. It would've saved him her annoying chatter. \"He needs my help, even if he won't admit it.\" \"Help with what?\" \"Just somethin' he's doin'. Now, it's your turn. What are you doin' out here?\" She shrugged her shoulders. \"I was tired of my daddy lookin' at me like I don't matter. So I'm wanderin' about, tryin' to make my livin' somewhere.\" \"Alone?\" \"You don't think I can take care of myself? You'd be surprised what I'm capable of.\" After a pause, she asked, \"What's your name anyway?\" \"William Evans. I'm 16.\" \"Name's Lillian. You call me that, I'll gut you like a fish. It's Lilly. And I'm 16 too.\" They rode in silence for a little while before William asked, \"How long you been out here?\" \"Oh, I been travelin' for a couple years now. Sometimes I stay out at night and sometimes people are kind enough to take me in and give me a bed to sleep in for a while. One of these days, I'll find somewhere permanent.\" \"You shouldn't be out here alone.\" \"Why? Because I'm a girl?\" \"Yes, because you're a girl.\" \"Oh, so you think I should be sittin' inside stitchin' up little pillows instead of out ridin' my horse? Or wearin' those pretty little dresses with a thousand layers in 100-degree heat rather than my loose and comfortable pants and shirt? Or that I should sit down and be quiet like a good little girl instead of just speakin' whatever comes to my mind? Not a chance.\" \"Why you gotta be so different than other girls?\" \"Why you gotta be the same as every other boy?\" \"Stop talkin' like that, will you?\" \"You're just mad I have a comeback for everything you say.\" \"You don't know a thing about me.\" \"And you don't know a thing about me.\" When William just rolled his eyes at her, she continued, \"You know, William, I reckon you need an attitude adjustment. You have a short fuse.\" \"Only when annoying little girls say things they shouldn't.\" Lilly smiled at him. \"I like you. You're not like everyone else I've talked to. You actually say what you're thinkin'. I admire that. But don't ever call me a little girl again or so help me, I will skin you alive. So, William, where you headed?\" William pointed in the direction he was going to ride in. \"Followin' the path my pa said he was takin'.\" \"I'm goin' that way too. I'll keep you company.\" \"I don't need company,\" William said. The last thing he wanted was to spend any more time with this girl. She was hitting his last nerve. \"Sure you do,\" Lilly said, ignoring his shortness towards her. \"But right now, I think we should start up a campfire and rest our horses a little bit. Dakota's feelin' a bit worn down.\" \"You don't get to call the shots here.\" \"Well fine, do you want to keep goin'?\" \"Yes. I want to get to my pa as soon as possible.\" \"And I understand that, but you look just as tired as I am. You been travelin' long?\" \"No.\" \"But long enough. Give your horse and yourself a break.\" \"Fine.\" Relieved that William finally agreed, the two of them dismounted from their horses and started up a fire. Lilly plopped herself down next to William and she almost burst out laughing when she saw him scoot away from her a little. \"So, what does your daddy need help with?\" Lilly asked him. \"You were kinda vague back there.\" \"None of your business.\" \"I just made it my business. What's he need help with?\" William resisted the urge to smack the girl. He didn't because his father would kill him if he found out that he hit a girl, but she was really getting irritating. He had never met a girl like her before and that was definitely a good thing. If there was more than one girl like her somewhere, the world would explode. \"He and some others are deliverin' Ben Wade to Contention to put him on the 3:10 train to Yuma Prison.\" \" The Ben Wade? The outlaw? I can see why you want to help him. How are they ever gonna handle him and get him all the way to Contention? He's got that huge posse led by Charlie Prince, and they won't let your daddy and whoever else is with him get him on that train. Are you sure they can do this?\" \"I don't know. That's why I'm goin'.\" \"You close with your daddy?\" \"I guess so.\" \"Is it just you and him, or…? \"No, it's me, my pa, my ma, and my little brother, Mark.\" \"And y'all get along?\" \"We get along alright.\" \"That must be nice. I never met my mama. I was told she just up and left and never came back. All I had was my daddy and he never really liked me. I know he always wanted a boy to become a man like him, so I was this big disappointment. You're lucky you have those people in your life. It's more than I ever had.\" William looked at Lilly for a second, realizing that perhaps she wasn't exactly as bad as he thought. Living without a mom and with an unloving dad couldn't have been easy and explained a lot of her behavior. But that didn't mean he was happy about traveling with her. He'd still much rather be alone. \"Hit the hay, William,\" Lilly said. \"We can get goin' in the mornin' and find your daddy. I can't believe he's got Ben Wade.\" Lilly turned over and put her hat over her eyes. William did the same and he fell asleep thinking about his father and even more about the girl lying next to him. He wondered how easy it would be to kill her while she was sleeping…[Chapter 2] \"William.\" No response. \"William.\" Still nothing. Lilly took her bag and threw it at his head. \"Ow, what?!\" he cried as he bolted up, holding his head. That was the last straw and he didn't care what his father said. He'd hit her back for that. But he stopped when he looked up at her. Lilly quickly put her finger to her lips. \"We gotta move,\" she said quietly but firmly. \"Now.\" William noticed that she was constantly looking around her, and he was willing to bet that she must've seen something that wasn't good for either of them. As quietly as they could, the two teenagers scattered the remains of their fire, packed up their bags, and mounted their horses. \"Come on, Dakota,\" Lilly urged quietly. They were soon on the move with William leading the way. He noticed that Lilly kept nervously checking behind her every few minutes and she didn't say a word for a couple hours. At first, he soaked in the silence and was thankful that she had decided to shut up. But after a while, the silence became unbearable. \"So, what did you see that made you so nervous?\" William asked her. \"A couple Apaches,\" Lilly answered. \"They were huntin' and I didn't want us to be what they were lookin' for.\" \"How did you even know they were there? I didn't hear anything.\" \"I told you I've been out here for a couple years. When I stay outside, I have to be a light sleeper unless I want to get killed.\" William felt like there was more to it than that by the tone of her voice, but he decided not to press it. \"You're a very surprisin' girl, Lilly.\" \"Thanks. I try to be.\" \"Do you really?\" \"No, but I just don't want to be one of those wimpy girls who can't do anything. I want to be able to take care of and fend for myself. Apparently that's a good thing if I'm gonna be meetin' Ben Wade and maybe Charlie Prince.\" \"I didn't say you could stick around once I find my pa,\" William said sharply. The sooner this girl went away, the better his life would be. And quieter. \"I don't remember ever lettin' on that I would listen to you.\" Once more, he resisted the urge to throw her off her horse. After all, she had warned him about the Apaches and she easily could've just left him there. \"Don't you ever do what anyone says?\" he asked angrily. \"Not really. I figure I know what I can and can't handle and if I get hurt, well then that's no one's fault but my own.\" They continued to ride on and it looked like William wanted to ask her a lot more questions, but none ever came. \"So,\" Lilly said, \"now that you've asked me a ton of questions, can I ask you some?\" \"Even if I say no, you're gonna ask 'em anyway, aren't you?\" \"Now you're catchin' on,\" Lilly smiled. \"Why didn't you just go with your daddy when he left?\" \"He wouldn't let me. Said I was too young. I'm gonna prove him wrong.\" \"So you're ridin' after him even though he told you not to.\" Lilly smiled wider. \"You've now earned my respect.\" \"You're okay with me breakin' the rules? Don't girls hate it when guys break the rules?\" \"I've broken so many of them, I don't even know what rules are. I consider them more of a…challenge.\" William continued to follow the trail that the others were taking. Before long, Lilly recognized where they were headed. \"William,\" Lilly said warningly. \"We're enterin' Apache territory.\" \"Turn back now if you're scared,\" he said without looking at her. \"I ain't scared.\" William smiled a little hearing the uneasiness in her voice that told him she was lying. \"I was just makin' sure you knew. It's not like I haven't crossed some of them in my time. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think you have.\" When William didn't respond, she knew that she was right. She just hoped he knew what he was really getting himself into. William was a bit surprised when she said she had had some run-ins with the Apache. There was no way a girl was able to fight them off, even if she did say she was tough. There was a lot she wasn't telling him, and he didn't like that. If he had to listen to her talk, he at least wanted her to tell him something important. When they rode a little further, they saw a sight that made Lilly's stomach churn. Two dead men were tied to a couple of rocks, beaten and bloodied and obviously tortured. Lilly paused for a second and saluted to the two men in reverence. A very faint whinny turned their attention to the right. There were four or five horses riding along the ridge. \"Is that your daddy and them?\" Lilly asked William. \"Yeah, that's them.\" \"Thank goodness. I'm not sure how much longer I can travel with a stubborn little boy like you.\" William sent her a death glare, but Lilly just kept right on smiling. \"Do you ever wipe that stupid smile off your face?\" \"Only when there's nothin' to smile at. Like when I actually paid my respects for those men while you just kept goin'.\" \"Whatever. By the way, I won't call you a little girl if you don't call me a little boy.\" \"Fair enough.\" William was about to say something more when they both heard some commotion coming from the group of riders they had seen. Lilly urged on Dakota while William urged on his own horse. They quickly trotted over, careful to not let themselves be heard approaching. Once they got closer, they silently urged on the horses, taking it one step at a time. A man, who Lilly assumed was Ben Wade, had someone in a chokehold and was pointing a shotgun at the other men who were atop their horses, frozen in place as they tried not to get shot. Suddenly to Lilly's shock, Ben took his captive and flung him off the cliff to his death. Seemed all the rumors she had heard about Ben Wade's awful disposition were correct. \"Now I think it's time for everybody to go home,\" Ben said, still pointing his shotgun at them. William dismounted from his horse, grabbed his own pistol and aimed it at Ben's head. \"Don't you move, Mr. Wade. Let go of that shotgun.\" One of the men, who must've been William's father, looked at him angrily. \"William, what are you doin' here?\" he demanded. \"Now, I don't think you gonna shoot a man you admire in the back of the head, boy,\" Ben smiled. William shot a bullet past his ear to let him know that he meant business and pulled the hammer back once more as he prepared to shoot. Lilly raised her eyebrows in appreciation. The boy had guts. \"Dan, tell your boy it's over!\" Ben said. \"You think you can keep your gun on him, William?\" Dan asked his son. \"I'm doing a dang sight better than you did.\" Looked to her like William didn't talk to his family any better than he talked to her. She was right about him needing an attitude adjustment. Dan dismounted from his horse and retrieved his shotgun. Then Ben slowly set down his own shotgun and Dan took it away from him. Ben sighed a little in defeat and he was lead back to his horse. Lilly chose that time to move Dakota and bring William's horse around. \"Nice move,\" she said to William with a smile. \"Who's this?\" Dan asked. \"It's Lilly,\" William answered for her. Lilly smiled, pleased he had gotten her name right. \"Met her wanderin' around when I was comin' here.\" Dan looked at Lilly. \"I think it's best you went home now, miss.\" \"Please don't call me miss,\" Lilly said. \"Don't worry, I won't be any trouble. But y'all could use a pair of extra eyes. Trust me. I'm familiar with Ben Wade and his crew. Y'all need all the help you can get.\" One of the men with a weird mustache and a stupid hat looked at her condescendingly. \"What kind of help could you be, little lady? We've had dozens of men try to stop him and they haven't succeeded.\" Lilly dismounted from Dakota and looked at the man. \"Oh, so you think that because I'm a girl, I can't be of any help? I can't do any damage to someone else?\" \"That's right.\" Lilly nodded a little as if thinking about what he was saying. Then she motioned him over with her index finger. He walked over to her after dismounting with a snide smile on his face. Without warning, Lilly swung her foot up and kicked him as hard as she could in the worst place for a man to be kicked. His eyes bulged as his face turned red and he fell to the ground in pain. \"Anyone else?\" Lilly demanded from the remaining men. They all looked at her incredulously, but none dared speak up. \"Look, I'm not sayin' that I want to take over. I just want to help. I have my own gun and my own knife so I'm not completely helpless. And I've gotten into some scrapes with some Apaches before, so I know how to fight them. I won't be a hindrance to you, I swear.\" \"I like her,\" Ben said. \"You're mighty fine.\" \"Don't talk to me,\" Lilly said without looking at him. \"You don't deserve that luxury.\" Lilly was sure that she saw a small trace of a smile crack across Dan's lips. Well, at least he seemed to like her. \"Some luxury,\" William muttered. She decided it best to ignore that remark. \"Now,\" Lilly continued. \"Shall we continue to waste time arguin' about me or shall we get this lousy lowlife to Contention?\" No one said anything so Lilly handed William the reigns to his horse and then mounted onto Dakota. \"Hey, William,\" she said quietly as they began riding. \"Your daddy ain't bad-lookin'.\" William looked at her. \"He's married.\" A disgusted look crossed Lilly's face. \"I didn't mean it like that! Gross!\" For the first time, William smiled a little. \"Well, what do you know? He's capable of a smile. You should smile more.\" \"You should smile less.\" Lilly rolled her eyes. This was certainly going to be an interesting ride.[Chapter 3] Lilly ended up riding next to Dan as they pushed on to Contention. \"How'd you meet my boy?\" he asked her. \"I was out ridin' last night and he came up to me wonderin' why I was out. We was headin' in the same direction, so we just ended up ridin' together.\" \"Your parents are okay with you ridin' out late at night? Aren't they expectin' you home?\" \"I don't have a mama, and my daddy wanted a boy, so he don't care so much about me.\" \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"It's the ways of the world, Mr. Evans. You can either accept it and move on, or waste time complainin' about how life could be better.\" \"Looks like you've got your views all straightened out.\" \"Once I came to terms with the fact that I didn't have a mama, I decided that I didn't want to be like every other girl if they were just gonna leave in the end. I just wanted to do what I wanted and that was to ride my horses and wear some comfortable clothes that don't squeeze the life out of me. People keep raggin' on me for not bein' a proper lady, but that's not who I want to be. I want to earn the respect of the men I'm seen around and be seen as an equal, not someone who cooks and cleans and does everything for the men. I want to be my own person.\" Dan looked at her. He had never seen a girl like her before. It didn't escape his notice that she was about William's age. He wasn't sure how he felt about the two of them lying close together the night before. Hopefully, they had both used their best judgment. Judging from the look on William's face, he didn't particularly get along with Lilly, so he figured he had nothing to worry about. \"So, why aren't you goin' where you was headed?\" Dan continued. \"Why are you helpin' us here?\" \"Well, like I said, y'all need help gettin' Ben Wade to Contention. I figure I can take a few days time out of my way. I have to ask you, aren't you concerned about Charlie Prince comin' after y'all? I'm surprised y'all even got this far.\" \"We thought about that. Yesterday, we tricked them into thinkin' that we were sendin' Ben Wade off in a carriage for prisoner transport. Not sure how far it got, but it should definitely be enough to keep him off our trail for a while.\" \"That's…really smart. Y'all just may get him on the train without any trouble from his posse if you get there quick enough.\" \"That's what we're hopin' for.\" Before long, night fell and the traveling group all made a campfire and lied down around it to get warm and try to rest before they were off again the next day to get Ben on the train. Lilly sat next to William as he took out a deck of cards and started shuffling them over and over again. \"No,\" Lilly said, taking the deck from him. \"If you want a good shuffle, you gotta do it like this.\" She proceeded to show him what they called the 'bridge shuffle'. She performed it for him several times, quick as lightening each time. Then she handed him back the deck with a suave smile on her face. William didn't look pleased that she was better at shuffling than he was, but she really didn't care. \"Either of you ever been to Dodge City?\" Ben asked the two teenagers. \"No,\" William answered coldly. Lilly shook her head. \"Stop talkin' to them,\" Dan ordered. \"They way you're both shufflin' those cards, I took you for pros.\" \"I practice a lot,\" William said to him. \"It's the only thing my daddy ever showed me how to do, so I was gonna try to make him proud. Before I realized there wasn't nothin' I could do to make him proud, short of becomin' a boy.\" Everyone looked at her. They were all slowly seeing just why she was such a tomboy and acted so tough. She just wanted that approval from her father. \"You look mighty familiar,\" Ben said to Lilly. \"We ever met before?\" \"I think I'd remember meetin' Ben Wade,\" Lilly said coldly. \"It's the eyes and the hair. I know I've seen that somewhere.\" \"Well, you haven't seen me before. I can promise you that, lucky for me.\" There was a bit of silence before William asked Ben, \"You ever been to Dodge?\" \"Yes, indeed. Meanest, most beautiful dirty city there ever was. Saloon was just overflowin' with cattle drivers, and road agents, prospectors, gunslingers, gamblers, and women. Women who'll do things to you you'll never forget.\" \"They'll give you a disease you'll never forget,\" Doc Potter interjected. \"Not sure if I'm supposed to be offended by that or not,\" Lilly muttered. \"Sorry.\" \"Money in your pocket in Dodge City,\" Ben continued, looking over at William. \"You can have everything a man ever wished for. Everything a man comes to need. I got there on my own as a boy not much bigger than you.\" \"And how many men you killed since then, Wade?\" Dan demanded. \"How many families you destroyed?\" \"Quite a few,\" Ben admitted. \"Is it true that you dynamited a wagon full of prospectors in the Western Territories last spring?\" Doc Potter asked him. \"No, that's a lie. It was a train-full.\" William cracked a small smile again and Dan was obviously not very happy about that. William didn't seem to care. Lilly had to admit that Ben could make conversation pretty well enough though his topics left something to be desired. But that didn't change all the bad things he had done before. She would be quite happy to see him off to Yuma Prison. \"Well, Dan,\" Ben said standing up. Everyone grabbed their guns and held them at the ready in case he tried anything. Instead, he just looked at Dan and said, \"I gotta take a leak.\" Dan got up from the fire and the two men went into the woods so Ben could do his business. \"Miss Lilly, what are you doin' out here?\" Doc Potter asked her. \"It's dangerous.\" \"Don't call me 'Miss Lilly'. It's just Lilly. And I'm just tryin' to find my own way. This is just a detour. A nice detour. It's good to be travelin' with some other souls after I been on my own for a couple years. Even if one of them is an outlaw and the others don't respect me.\" She looked at Butterfield as she said that last part. He looked away from her guiltily, though she attributed his nervous actions to the fact that he just didn't want another kick delivered to him. \"We respect you,\" Doc Potter insisted. \"Could've fooled me. I know very well that pretty much none of y'all want me here because you think I can't handle any of this. But I can tell you that I've seen more tragedy in my sixteen years than any of you have seen in four at the best.\" Doc Potter was about to inquire more, but the sound of gunshots forced them out of their quiet moment. All of them bolted up and grabbed their guns. After a couple more shots fired, the two teens ran off to go find out what was going on and to help out Dan. \"William! Lilly!\" Doc Potter called. They got to the men and all Lilly saw was Dan on the ground.[Chapter 4] \"Mr. Evans!\" Lilly called quietly so as not to draw attention from the people shooting. It had to be Apaches. She told William they were entering Apache territory. She knelt down next to Dan and checked for any wounds. He was bleeding pretty heavily on his head where a bullet must've grazed him. The three of them got him up and raced back to their camp. Dan crashed down against the log and Lilly sat next to him as Ben loaded up a couple of guns. \"There's three of 'em,\" Ben said. \"Yours?\" Dan asked. \"If they were mine, you'd be dead.\" Ben got up with his gun and started after them. William pointed his pistol at him. \"Give me that gun, Wade!\" Dan called. \"Wade? Wade!\" Ben took off with the shotgun. Dan turned over, blood pouring from his forehead. \"Mr. Evans, you can't move,\" Lilly said. \"You'll only make it worse.\" She looked up at the other men. \"Watch him.\" Then she took off after where Ben had gone. \"Lilly!\" Dan shouted. \"Lilly, no!\" Lilly took out her gun and kept one hand on her knife in case she needed to whip it out fast. Some bullets flung past her, but most of them were aimed toward the camp. She found some Apaches up on a hill that overlooked the camp and she stealthily went up to them. Ben got there at the same time as her. His eyes widened at the sight of her and he looked kind of angry at first, but then he gave her silent orders that he would shoot two of them and she would need to take care of the other one. Lilly nodded and showed him her knife. Ben sprang up and shot two of the Apache while Lilly snuck up behind the other one and stabbed him in the back. Ben nodded to her in approval and the two of them headed back to the camp, having dispatched of all the shooting Apache. All the men were shocked to find Lilly returning with a knife in her hand that was dripping blood. \"I told you not to come this way,\" Ben growled as he returned. \"It was McElroy's decision,\" Doc Potter said quietly. McElroy must've been the man Ben flung over the cliff when she and William first arrived. \"I told you there'd be trouble.\" Dan and William aimed their guns at Ben who was still carrying the shotgun. \"Give me the keys to the handcuffs,\" Ben ordered. Dan took the key out of his pocket and looked like he was about ready to give it to him. But then he chucked them out into the field of tall grass where they would be impossible to find even if it wasn't nighttime. Ben angrily lifted up his foot and it collided with Dan's face, knocking him out. Lilly separated from the group a little to clean off her knife while everyone went over to Dan to make sure he was all right. Someone touched her on her back and she jumped a little. When she turned, she found William standing there with his hands up in surrender. \"Sorry,\" she said quietly. \"That was, uh…really brave, what you did.\" \"Don't mean it was easy.\" William looked at her hands and saw that she had a few bloodstains on them. But they were also shaking a little as she wiped the blood from her knife. \"You alright?\" She nodded, but didn't say anything. It was kind of strange for William to not see her smiling. She had been smiling since the second he met her, but now she just looked so…vulnerable. \"I'm guessin' that wasn't your first time doin' somethin' like that?\" She just shook her head and still said nothing. William put his hand on hers to get them to stop shaking. Lilly looked up at him and it would be lying to say that she didn't feel some kind of…connection in that moment. Her brow furrowed a little. \"Where's Ben?\" she asked as she looked around her. William ran off into the grass to look for him and Lilly went back over to the men. Butterfield was sitting to the side and Doc Potter was looking over Dan. Lilly tore off a small piece of her shirt and put it to the wound on Dan's head to stop the bleeding and clean it up a little. A massive bump was forming on his cheek where Ben had kicked him, but that would need something cold to get the swelling down and she didn't have that. After a few minutes, Dan finally blinked his eyes open and looked around. \"Take it easy,\" Lilly said softly still pressing the cloth to his head. \"You're pretty banged up.\" \"Where is he?\" Dan asked. \"He's gone,\" Butterfield answered. William came back through the grass looking really upset. \"He took the horses with him. I found this in the grass.\" He was holding the shotgun Ben had been carrying. \"Wait a second,\" Lilly said. \"He took off with Dakota?\" William nodded at her. \"I am gonna kill him.\" William and Lilly helped Dan get up off the ground. She tossed the bloody rag she had used into the campfire. \"What's the quickest way out of the pass?\" Dan asked of the others. \"He'll be lookin' for help gettin' his cuffs off.\" \"We're goin' after him?\" Doc Potter asked. \"Well, there ain't no reward for gettin' him halfway to that train, is there?\" The five of them put out the fire and started off to go find Ben Wade. Lilly ended up between Dan and William while Doc Potter and Butterfield lagged a little behind them. \"You know,\" Dan said to Lilly. \"I think you've now earned the respect of all of us. Showed you got guts the way you went after those Apaches.\" \"Yeah,\" Lilly muttered. \"You said earlier that you'd gotten into some scrapes with Apache before. What did you mean by that?\" Lilly was silent for a little bit and the two of them wondered if she was going to answer. Finally, she explained, \"I been travelin' for over two years now. Some time ago, I don't remember exactly when, I got into some trouble. Some Apaches captured me back when I was inexperienced and didn't know how to take care of myself. I was their prisoner for months on end. Or at least that's how long it felt. They did horrible things to me durin' that time.\" She took a deep breath and lifted up her shirt sleeve to reveal several pale lines sprinkled all across her skin that couldn't have come from anything but a knife. \"There's more than that on my arms, legs, my back, and my stomach,\" she continued as she put her sleeve back down. \"And they did more to me that I don't really want to talk about. So finally, after I couldn't take it anymore, I stole one of their knives and killed the one holdin' me captive. Then I took a rifle and shot maybe five of them and stabbed seven more. Then I freed Dakota and took off as fast as I could before they came after me. I can still remember the euphoria I felt as Dakota and I galloped away. I went into a town after travelin' for a while and bought myself my own knife and gun so I could be sure that I would never be captured again. I wasn't gonna let anyone think of me as a defenseless little girl any longer. That's why I knew what to do tonight with Ben. Because…I've done it before.\" Neither Dan nor William could come up with any words at what Lilly had just told and shown them. They were in shock that an innocent teenager like her had already been through so much pain physically and mentally. And she continued to hide all that pain behind her smile. William realized that this explained a lot of her actions. She must've been so nervous that morning when she was silent and jumpy because she was afraid that the Apaches she had seen were going to take her again and do more damage to her body. And she must've been shaking because all the memories from that time came back to her as she killed the man and cleaned off the knife. And he had been right about her being scared as they entered Apache territory right before they found Dan and the others. She must've been terrified about the risk of being captured again. William felt guilty for treating her so dismissively when she warned him about where they were. If he had known what she had been through, he wouldn't have been so cold towards her. \"Hey,\" Lilly said, her smile returning as she broke the silence. \"It was a while ago. There's no use thinkin' about the past, or else we'll never clearly see the future.\" \"You're a girl of wise words, Lilly,\" Dan said to her. \"That's what happens when you're forced to grow up at a young age.\" \"Say, Lilly, you said you're still lookin' for a place to stay, right?\" \"Yeah, I'm tryin'.\" \"Well, when all this is over, why don't you come stay with us at Evans Ranch for a little while? Maybe you can help work in the fields, and I might even be able to pay you for it.\" \"Are you joshin' me?\" \"Not at all.\" \"That would be fantastic! And I'll help in the fields, but you won't need to pay me for it. My payment will be a bed to sleep in for the night and some food to keep me goin'. I won't take any of your money.\" Lilly really liked Dan. So far, the only man she had ever had in her life turned out to be just one big displeasure, so she didn't have a very healthy taste of them. But Dan was so much different. She felt at ease with him and he made her actually feel wanted in this world. After suffering through things a young woman should never have to suffer through, she felt like she had finally found someone to take the place of the person who was supposed to be her father.[Chapter 5] They walked all through the night before they finally reached a small camp on the mountain that Dan was sure Ben had gone to. Lilly was in dire need of some sleep, but she forced herself to press on and get Dakota back from that no-good thief. Not to mention they were due in Contention in just a few hours. There were a lot of Chinese folks in the camp working their backs off. Most of them looked miserable and a lot of them were much too young to be working so hard. \"William,\" Lilly said as she lightly hit him when she noticed him looking at one of the workers. \"Stop starin'.\" He turned away from the boy he had been looking at and kept walking with her. Butterfield put his arm on Dan and they all stopped walking. \"Our horses,\" he said quietly. \"Dakota,\" Lilly said. They walked a little farther where they found Ben Wade tied up onto a stake with his arms over his head. Some Chinese worker was pumping up some wires while some other cowboy was putting the charged up wires on Ben's exposed chest. Lilly had to admire him for barely making a sound when the wires touched his bare flesh with an audible singe. \"What is goin' on here?\" Butterfield asked angrily. The Chinese worker took out a gun and aimed it at him, stopping him from walking towards them any further. \"Mr. Butterfield,\" some older cowboy addressed. \"All finished in Bisbee?\" \"Mr. Boles,\" he answered coldly. The Mr. Boles stood up and looked at the group. \"Better hurry. We're makin' the last blasts through the mountains this week.\" \"That's my prisoner. I'm takin' him to Contention, puttin' him on the prison train to Yuma.\" \"What prisoner?\" Lilly was getting tired of this old man dancing around the obvious fact that Butterfield was trying to get across. She just wanted to take out her gun and mow down this man. \"Come now, Mr. Boles,\" Butterfield said, losing patience. \"That's Ben Wade you have there.\" \"Ben Wade gunned down my kid brother in front of me six years ago in Abilene.\" So now he was looking for revenge. Couldn't he just get his revenge by letting them put him on the train to Yuma? When people sought out revenge in their own ways, Lilly knew it didn't usually end well. \"Your brother was a lyin', bilkin' card sharp,\" Ben said smoothly. Lilly couldn't help but roll her eyes. If there was ever a time for him not to talk, it was now. But that didn't matter to him. \"That is, if he's the deadbeat I remember. Could, of course, been some other deadbeat I killed that I forgot about.\" Boles nodded to the other cowboy and he put the wires on Ben's chest again and left them on a lot longer than all the other times before. The Chinese worker continued to aim his gun at them while he kept pumping the electricity on the wires. Lilly winced a little as Ben shook and let out a small cry of pain. She put her hand on William's arm, and to her surprise, he didn't push her away. \"You can't do that. That's immoral,\" Doc Potter said firmly. \"Morals got nothin' to do with it,\" the young cowboy answered with a smirk. Dan stepped forward a little. \"I was expectin' to collect a two hundred dollar reward for that man. I'm deliverin' him to Contention. I need that money.\" \"Need it bad enough to die?\" Now Lilly wanted to shoot down both of these arrogant cowboys. The younger one looked over at her and winked as he clicked his tongue. William lightly pushed her behind him a little and Dan stepped in front of both of them. While she normally would've pushed them aside and told them that she could take care of herself, it felt really nice for a couple of guys to be defending her. She had never had that before. \"Don't look at her,\" Dan ordered. \"Now, at least let us take our horses.\" Boles looked at Dan hardly. \"I got no problem with that. As long as you ride away, mister.\" \"Nice knowin' you, Dan,\" Ben said. Dan turned to leave when Doc Potter suddenly rammed the Chinese worker right in the head with a shovel. Dan took that opportunity to whack Boles and another man in the face with his shotgun and Ben lifted up his feet and rammed the younger cowboy in the face. Ben lifted himself up and got unhooked from the pole he had been forced on. Everything happened so fast after that that Lilly couldn't begin to explain what exactly went on. People started shooting at them, so Lilly took out her gun and shot back. William had gotten up on his horse and Butterfield was getting the rest of them that Ben had stolen. Dan took Lilly's arm and the both of them went to the horses. Dan seemed to be pretty protective of her, and she had to say that she liked the idea of someone looking out for her. \"Dakota!\" she called when she saw her beloved horse. \"Good girl.\" Lilly hopped up onto Dakota's back and the group all rode off through the mountain tunnels as fast as they could. Chinese workers scrambled out of the way to avoid being trampled by them. \"Did you see me get that one with the shovel?\" Doc Potter shouted happily. Suddenly, a gunshot rang out and Doc Potter slumped over. \"Doc!\" William said urgently. \"Doc!\" He put his hand on him to keep him on the horse as they continued to gallop. Lilly turned to find Boles and the other cowboys riding after them with their own horses and guns. She took out her gun and shot at one of the younger one. He let out a shout and she knew she had hit him. Bet he hadn't seen that coming. That's what he got for trying to hit on her. Dan and Ben gave William, Lilly, and Doc Potter an opening and they went through the tunnel first with the other two behind them. \"Dan!\" Ben yelled. Lilly slowed her horse a little and looked at what they were doing. Ben threw a roll of dynamite towards the tunnel and Dan shot it, making the tunnel cave in with Boles and the others stuck on the other side. Lilly and William got Doc Potter off his horse and laid him on the ground. There was a huge bloodstain on his coat and blood was coming from his mouth, coating his teeth. It was evident he had lost too much blood, so trying to stop the flow would be pointless. Dan ran over to them and knelt down next to the dying man. \"Did we make it?\" Doc Potter mustered out. \"Did we get away?\" \"Yeah, Doc,\" Dan answered softly. \"We did. Thanks to you.\" Doc Potter smiled weakly and then went limp. Lilly looked at the others sadly. When Dan looked to the distance, she saw that Contention was just a few miles away from them. 3:10 wasn't much longer away. They could make it. \"We gotta get movin',\" Dan announced. \"Wait,\" Lilly said softly. She closed Doc Potter's open eyes and looked over at William. \"Help me.\" Together, the two of them moved his body over to the side by the rocks. Lilly saluted him, just like she had to the men they had passed the day before. Then to her surprise, Dan and William came and stood on either side of her and saluted Doc Potter as well. Lilly smiled at the bittersweet moment, and then she mounted onto Dakota. The group urged their horses on and finally arrived in Contention.[Chapter 6] \"We need a place to lay low,\" Dan said. \"Keep him outta sight till the train comes.\" Butterfield rode ahead a little then turned back to the group. \"There's a hotel up here. I'll check us in. You ride around back.\" \"All right. Follow me,\" Dan said to the others. They rode to the back of the hotel, when he turned around. \"Hey, William, you and Lilly go keep a watch at the railhead. If you see 'em comin'—\" \"We'll let you know,\" William finished. \"And William?\" William turned and his father gave him an approving nod. He turned to leave and go to the railhead. \"Lilly?\" Lilly turned to face Dan. \"Keep him in line, will you?\" Lilly smiled broadly. \"Yes, sir.\" She urged on Dakota and followed William to the railhead. The two teenagers tied up their horses and then stood together keeping a strict watch on the land to make sure that Ben's posse wasn't coming after him. \"This has been quite the adventure,\" Lilly remarked as they waited. \"Was it what you wanted?\" \"Yes, but not all the death that came with it. I could've done without that part.\" She paused a little before saying, \"Hey, William?\" He turned to look at her. \"I gotta confess somethin'. That night we first met, I wasn't really goin' in the same direction as you. I just said I was because…well, because I was just tired of travelin' alone. I got nowhere to go. Nowhere at all. So when you told me what you was doin', I had to come along just so I had somethin' to do. I wanted real adventure. One that would prove I wasn't just some girl to shove in the corner. And…you were different than the rest. They all go out of their way to treat me nicer and then tell me how to live my life. You…were stubborn and rude and I loved it. You treated me like any other person. That means a lot. And...I maybe sorta thought that...you were kinda cute.\" William looked over at her. His warm crystal blue eyes for once made her go weak at the knees and she suddenly had an overwhelming urge to kiss him. He seemed to have the same idea because she saw his eyes gazing longingly at her lips and he slowly began inching his head toward hers. Suddenly, a faint noise in the distance forced Lilly, much to her dismay, to break apart from him. \"William,\" she said in a whisper. He turned around and saw a group of horses galloping straight for the tiny town of Contention at breakneck speed. It didn't take a genius to figure out who was on those horses. The two of them raced back to the hotel room. William quickly knocked on the door. \"Pa!\" he called. Dan opened it and looked at them. \"They're comin',\" William stated. Dan roughly pulled the two of them into the room and shut the door. Lilly saw that several more men were in the room, including the town marshal. \"They're comin' this way. We seen 'em.\" \"Where?\" Dan asked. \"About a mile out. Same way we come,\" William told him. \"How many are there?\" the marshal asked. \"Seven. Eight,\" he guessed. \"Which is it, boy? Seven or eight?\" Butterfield and Dan looked out the window. Butterfield looked back at them. \"Seven,\" he said grimly. The marshal and his men went downstairs to get everyone out of the building and guard it so Ben's posse couldn't break in. Dan, William, and Lilly all went to the window and looked down at the people who were trying to steal their prisoner from them. Lilly couldn't believe that she was looking down on none other than Charlie Prince. Some people considered him just as ruthless as Ben Wade if not more so. \"There sure are a lot of 'em,\" one the marshal's deputies said as he came back into the room and looked out the window. \"I didn't figure on it bein' the whole gang,\" the other said. \"The horses they're ridin' look about ready to die from exhaustion,\" Lilly added. \"They must've been gallopin' straight through the night. They all have to be worn out.\" \"Boss,\" Charlie called up. \"Boss! Boss, are you in there?\" Dan's eyes widened and he pushed William and Lilly away from the window. Lilly's heart began beating wildly, and she unconsciously grabbed onto William again. This time, he actually touched her hand in a comforting manner. \"What do you want me to tell him?\" Ben asked Dan. \"You tell him you'll write him a letter every day from Yuma,\" Dan said firmly. Lilly admired how he wasn't backing down from this. Ben laughed and stood up from the bed and went over to the window. \"You be careful, Wade,\" Dan warned. He and William readied their shotguns while Lilly kept one hand on her own gun. \"Charlie. Boys,\" Ben acknowledged as he poked his head out the window. \"Hey, Boss.\" \"Charlie, why don't you take the boys down to the saloon and buy 'em a drink?\" \"You okay?\" \"Oh, I'm fine. I'm just sittin' up here with my four new friends.\" \"Hey,\" Dan said from the side. \"That's enough.\" Charlie tossed Ben's hat up to him. \"Thank you, Charlie. Boys.\" Ben came back into the room with his usual hat on and then walked around and collapsed back onto the bed. \"Listen up!\" Charlie barked. \"Listen up!\" he yelled even louder. \"That's Ben Wade they have up there. Ben. Wade.\" A crowd started to form around him. This wasn't going to be good. \"Now, the Railroad intends to put him on the 3:10 to Yuma and hang him.\" \"What's he doin'?\" one of the deputies asked. \"We will give you two hundred cash dollars to any man who shoots any one of his captors.\" Lilly's breath hitched in her throat and she clung onto William even tighter. In response, she felt his hand grab hers just a little more. \"How much?\" someone called. \"Two hundred cash dollars guaranteed! Two hundred dollars guaranteed!\" Dan looked around the room at all the men. Then he looked over at William and Lilly. His heart went out to the girl when he saw the terrified look on her face. She had already been through so much fear and pain in her short life… People began gathering around Charlie saying they would join him. Then she heard, \"Well, you gotta shoot 'em first.\" They were dead. They were absolutely dead. People in this desperate town would kill for two hundred dollars and that was exactly what they were going to do. Lilly heard the sounds of multiple guns cocking and footsteps running to the hotel.[Chapter 7] \"There's gotta be thirty, forty more guns out there now,\" one of the deputies said as he looked out the window. \"Oh, enough of this,\" the marshal muttered as he headed to the door. \"Now just a minute, marshal,\" Butterfield said as he stepped in front of him. \"Look, look. If it's a fair fight, well, sure. I'd stay for that. A fair fight, that—that's a man's duty, but there's only five of us.\" He turned to look at Dan. \"I'm sorry, mister, but I'm not gonna die here today.\" He turned back to Butterfield. \"And neither are my men.\" Then he went out the door and left them there in that little room. \"Marshal,\" Dan called. \"You forgot this.\" He tossed his little star-shaped badge back to him. The marshal caught it, stood there for a second, and then left once again. \"Marshal!\" Butterfield called, slamming the door behind him as he went after the man. Ben got up from the bed and headed to the bathroom sink. \"Now, you see, Dan, generally, pretty much everyone wants to live. That means Butterfield too. He's gonna walk out on you. He's gonna come back up here, and he's gonna walk out on you. Now what you gotta figure is why you and your boy and this pretty little girl are gonna die. Because Butterfield's railroad lost some money?\" Multiple gunshots rang out outside from Charlie and the rest of Ben's men. They looked out the window and saw the marshal and all of his men gunned down dead in front of the hotel. A pointless surrender. \"Is that all of 'em?\" Charlie called up to Ben. \"Almost,\" Ben called back. He looked over at Dan. \"Your move, General.\" \"What do you expect him to say?\" William asked. \"I expect him to say somethin' that makes sense. Somethin' that might save the three of you.\" Dan leaned against the wall. \"Take a look, Dan.\" He didn't move a muscle. \"What's the matter? You don't want see?\" \"I'll see 'em soon enough,\" Dan said. \"What about you, kids? You wanna look?\" \"You both stay away from the window.\" \"Go on. Take a look.\" William and Lilly inched forward enough to see the men standing guard on their horses. \"Animals, all of 'em. They're gonna kill you and your father and your lady friend, William.\" Dan pushed the two of them back away from the window and from Ben. \"They're gonna laugh while they do it. I think you know that.\" \"Call 'em off,\" William ordered. \"Why should I?\" \"Because you're not all bad.\" \"Yes, I am.\" \"You saved us from those Indians.\" \"I saved myself.\" \"You got Lilly to help you kill 'em.\" \"She shouldn't have interfered. I could've handled them just fine.\" \"You helped us through the tunnels. You helped us get away.\" \"If I'd had a gun in them tunnels, I would've used it on you.\" \"I don't believe you.\" \"Kid, I wouldn't last five minutes leadin' an outfit like that if I wasn't as rotten as a rattlesnake.\" Lilly looked over at Dan. His son really had a way with words. She had no idea he could talk down this criminal in the way he was doing at that moment. She slowly walked over to the bed where he had sat down once more. \"Why did you let me help you with those Indians? You gave me directions on which one to take down.\" \"I didn't want you messin' everything up and gettin' me killed.\" She looked at him pointedly. \"Have you thought of who I reminded you of yet?\" \"No, and in a moment, I won't care about that no more.\" There was a knock on the door. Dan went to answer it and there stood Butterfield. \"Dan?\" he said shakily. He came into the room and grabbed his bags. \"I can't do it, Dan. And if I can't do it, you shouldn't do it either.\" Lilly shook her head. Ben had been right. \"They say discretion is the better part of valor,\" Ben said with a smirk. \"If you think you have an obligation to me or to the railroad, I assure you, you do not. I'm releasin' you.\" \"It's just you left, Dan. Just you and your boy and the little girl.\" If anybody called her 'little girl' or 'little lady' again, someone was getting shot. Ben seemed to notice her irritation because he smirked at her. \"Maybe he's right, Pa,\" William said to his father. \"Maybe we should go home.\" \"Well, what did Doc Potter give his life for, William?\" Dan said as he turned to face him and Lilly. \"And McElroy.\" \"Little red ants on a hill,\" Ben said. \"I'll pay you the two hundred, Dan,\" Butterfield said desperately. \"Right now. And you can walk away.\" He held out the cash for him to take. Lilly looked up at Dan for his decision. The offer had to be tempting for him. Dan actually chuckled a little. \"You know, this whole ride, that's been naggin' on me. That's what the government gave me for my leg. A hundred ninety eight dollars and thirty six cents.\" Lilly noticed William had a confused look on his face as Dan spoke. She guessed he hadn't known that little fact. \"And the funny thing is that when you think about it, which I have been lately, was they weren't payin' me so I could walk away. They were payin' me so they could walk away.\" Lilly was more than a little confused at this point in the conversation, but she knew it was the wrong time to ask anyone to clarify. \"Don't muddy the past and the present, Dan,\" Ben said from his chair. \"No, no, no, Wade. I'm seein' the world the way it is.\" \"If you take him to the train, Pa, I'm goin' with you,\" William said. \"I am too,\" Lilly added. \"No,\" Dan said firmly. \"Mr. Butterfield is takin' you both home. Lilly, you're goin' back to our ranch like I promised.\" \"No, I'm not goin' anywhere with him,\" William said adamantly. \"Neither of us are gonna.\" \"Yes you are,\" Dan told him. \"You need to watch over her.\" \"We're stayin' here with you.\" \"The three of you are gonna hold up in a room across the hall. You're gonna wait until we leave.\" \"I'll get them to Bisbee, Dan. I promise you,\" Butterfield said to him. \"Oh, you're gonna promise me a lot more than that, Butterfield. I want guarantees that Hollander and his boys will never set foot on my land again, and that my water's gonna flow. And I expect you to hand my wife one thousand cash dollars when you see her. You got money to spare.\" \"I can deliver that. Just get him on the train.\" Dan turned to Ben. \"You heard him?\" \"I heard him,\" Ben said smoothly. Dan turned back to the two teenagers. \"William, I want you to give this back to your mother.\" He handed him a very expensive brooch. \"I want you to tell her that it helped me find what was right.\" \"Pa,\" William said softly. \"We can't. We can't just leave you.\" \"I'm gonna be a day behind the both of you, William. Unless somethin' happens, and if it does, I need a man at the ranch to run things, watch over Lilly, protect our family, and I know that you can do that because you've become a fine man, William. You've become a fine man. You got all the best parts of me. What few there are.\" Lilly felt tears spring to her eyes, but she furiously blinked them back. After going through all the trouble of making herself out to be a tough girl, she wasn't going to blow it now. But the longer this moment dragged on, the harder it became to keep up her image. \"And you just remember that your old man walked Ben Wade to that station…when nobody else would.\" William slowly walked away towards the door where Butterfield was standing. Dan looked over at Lilly and noticed her eyes were beginning to shine. She was fighting those tears back something fierce, but they threatened to spill down her cheeks at any moment. \"Lilly,\" he said to her. \"If I ever had a daughter, I'd want her to be just like you.\" Without a word, Lilly threw her arms around Dan's neck and hugged him tightly. She let the moment last as long it possibly could, unwilling to release from the hold she had longed for her entire life. Dan's strong arms went around her tiny waist and he hugged her back. She squeezed her eyes shut and felt two tears finally drip from her eyes. Finally, she broke away from him and followed William to the door. Butterfield took them to a room across the hall and the two of them looked at each other worriedly, waiting for some kind of noise or indication that Dan was okay. \"William,\" Lilly said softly out of earshot of Butterfield. \"Look, I know you didn't like me very much on that day we first met.\" William looked at her guiltily. \"Lilly…\" \"Don't try to deny it. I know you didn't. Anyone could see that.\" She was right. He had disliked her a lot and he hadn't gone to great lengths to hide that fact from her. But now, here with her while his father was risking his life and knowing everything she had been through, he regretted every single nasty thing he had said to her. \"And that's okay,\" she continued. \"I know I wasn't the best company and I'm sorry about that. It's just that…I don't have a very healthy taste of men. You know, with my daddy bein' like he is and all. So…I don't really know how to act around them. And I hide all of that behind a smile because it's just easier that way.\" \"Lilly,\" William said. \"I'm the one who should be apologizin'. I was just like everyone else and figured that because you're a girl, you can't do nothin' that us guys can. But you've proven me wrong. I'm just sorry I was so awful when you had lived through complete hell because of the Apaches.\" \"William, it's fine. I don't care so much about that.\" She sighed heavily. \"Look, I'm no good with talkin' about my feelin's, but…I just want to say that—\" She was cut off by the sound of gunshots piercing the silent air which made all three of them jump.[Chapter 8] William and Lilly went back to the room where they had just been in and they noticed a copy of the Bible lying on the chair where Ben had been sitting. They took a look at it and saw that Ben had been drawing a very well-drawn pencil sketch of Dan looking out the window. One second of eye contact was enough for them. \"You know,\" Lilly said, \"we haven't done what we were told nearly the entire time we've been together.\" William smiled a bit, knowing what she was getting at. \"Why start now?\" she finished. They both took out their guns and left the room. William rammed Butterfield and Lilly aimed her gun at him, daring him to stop them. The two of them raced down the stairs and went out the back of the hotel. \"You got a plan?\" Lilly asked. \"No,\" William admitted. \"But I'll think of somethin'.\" \"Alright. I'm gonna help your daddy. Maybe I can buy him some time by blockin' a bullet or somethin'.\" \"No, that's too dangerous.\" \"It's a chance to finally prove I've got what it takes. Make people see I'm more than just a girl.\" William knew there was no changing her mind so he slowly walked forward. \"Ready?\" he asked her. \"William?\" William turned to face her. \"Just in case.\" And that's when Lilly took William's head in her hands and pressed her lips to his in a forceful yet passionate kiss. It would've been a lot better if the situation hadn't been so dire. They parted and awkwardly smiled at each other for a second. Then they quickly left to go to their respective places when they remembered the situation they were in. Lilly watched Dan and Ben collapse into a stockroom after Dan shot several people trying to kill him. Keeping an eye out and whipping out her gun, she raced to the stockroom herself as fast as she could. Shots fired at her, but she was able to dodge them all and shoot back at her attackers. She managed to hit a couple of them which helped draw them off Ben and Dan. When she caught up with the men in the stockroom, Dan aimed his gun at her instinctively. She quickly raised her hands up, and he was not at all pleased by who he saw. \"What are you doin' here?\" he demanded furiously. \"If you really thought I was gonna listen to what you said, you ain't been payin' attention. I'm gonna help you if it kills me.\" Dan saw no point in arguing further as that would just waste time when going up against a stubborn girl like her, so he took Ben by the arm. \"We're gettin' you on that train, Wade.\" \"Your son went back!\" Ben growled as he flipped Dan onto the ground. Lilly quickly ran next to him. \"The boy's gone, hero. The lady might be here, but he ain't watchin' no more. You still got that one good leg. Why don't you use it to get on home?\" Lilly looked up at Ben angrily. Why couldn't he just make this easy on them? \"Charlie!\" Ben called as he walked to the door. \"Charlie Prince! Hold your fire! I'm walkin' out!\" Dan sprang up and grabbed Ben and flung him onto the ground. Unfortunately, Ben was able to get on top of Dan and he began to choke him by pressing the chain on his handcuffs against Dan's throat. \"Please stop!\" Lilly cried. \"He's the closest thing I've ever had to a father!\" \"Well that's just too bad, ain't it?\" Ben said with a strained voice as he continued to choke Dan. Lilly aimed her gun at him, but he didn't seem to care about that. \"I ain't never been no hero, Wade,\" Dan choked out slowly. Lilly lowered her gun as she listened to what he was saying. \"The only battle I seen, we was in retreat. My foot got shot off by one of my own men. You try tellin' that story to your boy. See how he looks at you then.\" Ben looked down at him and after what seemed like forever, he finally removed the chain from his neck. Dan took heaving breaths and Lilly bolted over to him. \"Okay, Dan,\" Ben said. \"Mr. Evans, you'll be alright,\" Lilly said to Dan tenderly. Ben's head whipped over to Lilly. \"What did you just say?\" he asked her. \"I said he'll be alright,\" Lilly said wondering why he was looked so surprised. Ben looked at her as if he was studying her for a few moments. \"What was your mama's name?\" \"Anabella,\" Lilly answered, still confused as to why he was asking her such strange questions. \"I know why I recognize you. I knew your mama.\" Lilly felt her heart stop. \"What?\" she whispered. \"Anabella. Most beautiful and kindest woman I had ever met.\" He looked to the distance, lost in his own memory. Lilly's whole world came crashing down around her in a matter of seconds. \"You knew my mama?\" \"More than that. I loved her. I had never loved a woman more in my entire life. It must've been fifteen years ago now. I found her in this little town. She was there takin' a break from her life at home because her husband wasn't bein' good to her. She kept talkin' on and on about her beautiful baby daughter back at home.\" A tear dripped down Lilly's cheek. All thoughts about her mother had been wrong. \"She planned to run away with me and her daughter, start over. She made me want to raise a family with her and settle down, forget about the past. We was all ready to do that too. But some people came lookin' for me. She got hit by a stray bullet. I held her in my arms as she died. That was why she never came home.\" A couple more tears found their way to Lilly's face. All this time, she thought her mother left her with her unloving father for no reason, but now she found out that wasn't the case at all. All the horrible things she had thought about her mother came back to her. She had never felt so guilty before. \"I still remember the last thing she said to me. She looked me in the eye, and said, 'Ben Wade, you'll be alright.' You are just the spittin' image of her. Lilly, she loved you more than anything. Don't you ever forget that.\" She nodded and wiped the tears from her face. Now having a new understanding of one another, the three of them bolted up and took off across the roofs of the buildings, hopping from one to another. \"Boss, drop!\" Charlie screamed. They made it to the end of the roof. \"Can you make this?\" Ben asked. \"Yeah,\" Dan answered. He took hold of Lilly's hand and the three of them jumped over to the next roof, slid down on it, and crashed to the ground. \"Come on!\" Ben urged helping the both of them up. \"Come on!\" They all ran as fast as they could, dodging Charlie and the rest of the men as much as they could. Dan and Lilly threw shots back towards them to stall them and keep them as far away as possible. The three of them made it to the train station and were almost inside when a shot hit Dan and he fell to the ground. \"Mr. Evans!\" Lilly cried. She and Ben quickly dragged him into the station before anyone shot him again. Ben dragged a huge desk in front of the window to block out the shots. The three of them sat on the ground panting heavily from the long sprint. Dan was bleeding from several different wounds and all of them were worn out. Lilly looked at Dan's foot and she gave him a tiny smile when she saw that he had been shot on his bad leg. Lucky him. \"What…what time is it?\" Dan asked the clerk who was cowering behind his desk. \"About ten past three,\" the clerk answered, looking at his watch. \"Where's the 3:10 to Yuma?\" \"Running late, I suppose.\" \"How late?\" \"Beats me. It gets here when it gets here.\" \"Those dang trains,\" Ben said with a smirk. \"Never can rely on 'em, huh?\" Dan tried to load up his shotgun again as Lilly took another piece of her shirt off and wiped away the blood on his face for him. \"You know,\" Dan said quickly. \"I ain't stubborn.\" Ben looked at him with a face that made Lilly just want to laugh. \"Excuse me?\" \"You said I was stubborn for keepin' my family on a dyin' ranch.\" Ben just continued to stare at him, waiting for him to continue. \"It's my son, Mark, the young one? He got tuberculosis when he was two. Doctors said he'd die if he didn't have a dry climate.\" \"Why are you tellin' me this?\" \"I don't know,\" Dan shrugged. \"I guess I just wanted you to know that I ain't stubborn is all.\" Ben smiled at him and after a second, Dan and Lilly smiled back. The three of them just sat there, waiting for the train, and smiling at one another. Those few seconds were some that Lilly would cherish forever. \"Well,\" Ben said. \"As long as we're makin' confessions…\" \"Yeah?\" Dan asked weakly. \"I've been to Yuma Prison before. Twice. Escaped twice, too.\" \"Well, do us all a favor,\" Lilly told him, \"and stay there this time.\" Once again, the three of them chuckled lightly. \"Lilly,\" Ben said to her. \"I've seen those scars on your arms. Don't feel like you have to hide them. Those are your battle scars and will get you that respect you deserve.\" Lilly smiled a little bit at his surprisingly kind words. A train whistle sounded and there it was. The 3:10 to Yuma. They were so, so close. If Dan could just get Ben on there, he'd be safe. Ben put on his hat and the three of them cautiously went over to the door. \"First car,\" the clerk told Dan. \"Sliding door.\" Several gunshots hit the door and almost hit Dan. Suddenly, the cattle escaped from the pen and began trampling Charlie Prince. Lilly looked out and saw William blasting his pistol into the air urging all of the cattle out of the pen. \"That's your boy,\" Lilly said to Dan. Dan looked at her with a smile on his face. \"That's my son.\" He turned to Ben. \"Now.\" Lilly stayed back as the two men raced from the station to the first car on the train with Dan shooting at as many people as he could on the way. Dan tapped on the sliding door and Ben climbed up into the car and into the cell in the train for the prisoners. \"He did it,\" Lilly said whispered to herself. \"He got him on the train.\" Her smiled faded as she saw Charlie walking up behind Dan with his gun raised. \"DAN!\" she screamed. \"NO!\" she heard Ben yell. Then a horrible gunshot rang out. Lilly watched in horror as Charlie Prince aimed his gun at Dan and fired a bullet into his back. \"NO!\" Lilly screamed at the top of her lungs. Charlie shot three more bullets into his chest and Dan sank to the ground, his blood tainting the yellow car. Ben climbed out of the train car and looked down at Dan. Lilly watched as several people tossed Ben's old gun to Charlie who then tossed it to Ben. Ben made eye contact with Lilly and motioned with his head for her to come over. Her wide eyes questioned his motives, but when he gave her another calm look, she thought about the kind words he had spoken to her in the past few minutes and slowly walked out of the train station and towards him. \"Do not shoot her,\" Ben ordered. Lilly walked to Ben as the eyes of his posse all bored through her. Her heart was pounding loudly and she feared for her life, not knowing exactly what Ben wanted. When she got to him, he handed her his gun without a word. She looked up at him and he gave her a small nod. Her hand tightened around the gun so much, it started to tingle from lack of proper blood flow. First she shot all the other men standing around them and then she shot Charlie Prince a total of six times in the chest, one for each time he shot Dan and two more for the two hundred dollars that he was offering for someone to kill them all. If the fact that she just killed Charlie Prince, with Ben Wade's gun no less, didn't make men respect her, she didn't know what would. She stared at all the dead bodies she had shot down. Ben gently took his gun away from her and that's when she quickly went over to Dan's body with multiple tears spilling from her eyes. \"Mr. Evans?\" His eyes were still open and he was hanging to his life by a small thread. William ran over next to her and looked at his dying father. \"You done it, Pa,\" he said softly. \"You done it. You got him on the train.\" \"You're a hero, and you always will be. Especially to us.\" Dan smiled weakly. William got up and furiously pointed his gun at Ben. Lilly watched as Ben just stood there, waiting for the shot to be fired. \"William,\" Lilly cried quietly. \"Don't.\" The shot never came. William lowered his gun and went back next to Dan. \"Pa,\" William said softly as he looked at the body of his dying father. \"Mr. Evans, thanks for being a daddy more to me in two days than my own ever was in sixteen years.\" Ben took his gun and to everyone's shock, boarded the train. The train began moving and soon, his horse began to gallop next to it. William and Lilly sat next to Dan watching the life slowly leave his eyes. They each took one limp hand and held it tightly. \"William, I want you to listen to me,\" Lilly said firmly. \"Your daddy is a good man. The best I've ever met. Don't you listen to what anyone else says because he is a good man.\" \"She's right, Pa.\" Dan weakly took the two hands that were holding his and placed them together. William and Lilly looked at each other. Then Dan's eyes closed and he was finally put out of his pain. More tears slid down Lilly's cheeks and some even rained down William's. \"He always respected you,\" William said to her. \"He didn't care that you were a girl. He respected you. I'm gonna do what he wanted, and I'm gonna take you back to our ranch. You'll finally get that permanent place you been hopin' for. That's all he wanted for you.\" Lilly tearfully removed the hat from Dan's head. Then she took off William's hat and replaced it with Dan's. \"You look just like him,\" she smiled through her tears. The two of them saluted Dan then they shared a very tight and tearful hug. Dan had done it. But he had done more than just gotten Ben Wade on the train to Yuma when everyone else had backed out. He had allowed Lilly to feel what it was like to have a father who loved her. And that was all she ever really wanted. ","Summary":" Special extra amazing tens of thousands of thanks to my best friend Will Cloud for making the amazi"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"The Shepherd","Author":"Sevinne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4158978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Welcome to my first fic! Since this is only the prologue, I'm not going to ramble on with a big introduction. (We'll take care of that in the first chapter :D) Prologue \" The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul; He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me, Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies; Thou anointest my head with oil; My cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.\" When they buried my brother Terrence, they may as well have buried my father. That was the day that he started drowning, carrying the bottle around with him like some sort of wicked talisman. Whatever evil it was supposed to ward off, though, had already gotten him; he just didn't know it. I watched him deteriorate inside of the alcohol and grief. I watched him go from a respectable doctor to a wreck of a man whom nobody trusted with their broken bones to something that was not a man at all. By that point I had to start dragging him home after work and laying him into bed, taking off his shoes and wiping the sweat off of his face. After a while he stopped getting out of a bed at all, which made some things easier and other things harder. I didn't have to bear his weight all the way across town anymore, but he couldn't pay for the house when he wasn't making any money. I was barely seventeen and without a husband, so I could hardly save myself from going down with the sinking ship. It fell to me to take care of Matthew Slater, the man who'd served in the war and beat darkness off the front porch with a broom. His wife died giving birth to me, and he raised Terry and I by himself. Somehow, the death of his son got him where the death of my mother didn't. He never married again, but he never started the slow process or drinking himself to death, either. Terrence was shot down in the middle of the Arizona desert. I imagine it was a dirty, disgusting way to die, amongst the dust and the sweltering heat, but that's only in the times that I dare imagine it, and that's not often. I usually push any actual thoughts of his death from my mind and replace them with my newfound need for vengeance. Some people -- no, a lot of people -- blamed Terry for his own death. They waited a few months after the funeral to voice their real opinions, but they voiced them all the same. They said that if Terry hadn't gotten involved, he'd still be with us. If that were true, I'd sit here and wish that he'd kept his nose in his own business, but somehow I don't think that it would have made a difference. My brother was always plagued with the problem of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. This time, he happened to be within earshot of a robbery. And, just his luck, it was Ben Wade and company doing the robbing. If there ever was a man without a trace of a conscience in his head, it was Ben Wade. My brother took the same path from his house every time he came to visit us. When they found him, his horse was still on the path, but he wasn't. The way the authorities figured it, Terry heard guns and went over to investigate. I suppose the theory is that he got a little too close, because he was shot in the throat. He bled to death after a few minutes. I used to wonder what he thought about during those final moments, looking up at the endless blue sky. Maybe he thought about Miranda, his wife, and the baby that they had on the way. Maybe he thought about me -- I'll never know. I'd give anything to be able to ask him. After we got the first rent notice, I decided it was time to take a job. Why I chose the one I did is still beyond me. I knew perhaps better than anyone what kind of person alcohol turns a man into, so getting myself hired as a barmaid wasn't an action that allowed for any relief of home life stress. I learned soon enough, though, that there were some perks to serving beer to the empty shells that warmed the barstool vinyl. Not only did they tip well, but they talked well, too. I saw a great many criminals come through the doors and drink their sorrows away, and when they had enough drinks in their system, they'd talk to me. That's how I got it into my head to go after Ben Wade. I figured that he'd come back someday, and I'd hear one of his plans and get him arrested before he knew what'd hit him. Men are far too trusting of pretty girls with their hair tied back. They don't know that we do it only to hear their secrets better.[Chapter 2] Alright, let's take care of the necessaries... I do not own any character from the movie 3:10 to Yuma, remake, original, or otherwise. Any characters (such as Will, Jocelyn, Matthew, and Tommy) that you don't see in the movie are mine and I'd appreciate your asking permission before using them. As you know, this is a romance fic. It's currently rated T, but that might change, depending on how I'm feeling. If the story suddenly disappears, it's probably because I've upped the rating. Like I said, we'll see. Please don't be shy, I want lots of reviews. Thanks for reading! Chapter One: Morning The sun never rose before the town did; it was always dismayed to find that it was late in waking. Farmers crawled out of bed at the cock's crow and their women came after them, and within the reaches of the town's more congested buildings, some people never went to sleep at all. One of these people was Matthew Slater, seventeen year widower and the recent recipient of a rather unfortunate loss. Terrence Slater's murder had shaken the entire town, and had shaken his father enough that there was no bouncing back. He could spare his daughter, but he couldn't spare his son. Wilhelmina had taken her father's descent into depression rather well, all things considered. She had kept him composed during Terry's funeral and even had him going to work for a few weeks afterwards. Of course no one blamed her when Mr. Slater took his early and dishonourable retirement -- she had handled the awkward situation very gracefully, taking a respectable job as a barmaid with the not-so-respectable Jocelyn James, who crossed her legs at the thigh when sitting and draped her dress sleeves off her shoulders. Wilhelmina, however -- in spite of her insistence that everyone call her \"Will\", which was, quite frankly, a boy's name -- seemed to have maintained some sense of propriety, even in the presence of the promiscuous Miss James. She showed up for work every day, on time, and took shorter lunch breaks than any of the other women she worked with. When she was finished at the end of the day, she went home to take care of her father. While the self professed \"Will\" made it clear that she had no time for courting, the people of the town (particularly the women) were convinced that she'd be married in no time. She had, after all, inherited her mother's good looks. She was tall and had a decent amount of meat on her bones, enough to fill out her dresses and turn heads when she waited tables. She had her mother's same brown curls and forest green eyes, the same innocent, childlike look to her face. It was unfortunate that her brother had died just when the men started to notice how much she'd come into herself; they were intimidated by the new quietness that came over her after Terry was gone. From what the town saw, the two of them had been close. Terry had taught her how to ride a horse and shoot a gun, and on the latter he had taught her exceptionally well. If she weren't a girl, Will would easily have been named the deadest shot in town. It was also her femininity that prevented her from doing what, it was rumoured, she wanted to do since her father slipped into his physical stupor. There had always been talk of Will petitioning the mayor to allow her a temporary position as doctor, at least until her father regained his previous good health. It was common knowledge that a new doctor had yet to be found, so obviously Will's attempts to break into the position had been unsuccessful, if she'd made them at all. It was so difficult to separate the truth from the lies when it came to the talk that accompanied women who walked together on the streets or passed each other in the market; some things were said purely for the sake of viciousness. Though who would harbour any viciousness towards Will was a near impossible question to answer. For the most part, in spite of the elderly women's mild disapproval of her, Will was left alone. She'd gotten this far without a helping hand, so no one saw any point in offering one now. Will woke at the crack of dawn. Her body had trained itself to awaken when the sun came peeking over the horizon to the point that she no longer found it difficult to open her eyes and dress in the weak light. She was awake at this time even on the days when she didn't work, simply because the routine had become etched into her mind. She had never been the type of girl who worried too much about how her clothes looked; most trends, like the corsets Jocelyn wrestled herself into, required an extra pair of hands to help get on. Will had grown up without a female presence in the house and had been thusly denied the simple pleasure of restricting her air supply with a stretch of fabric and ivory. Somehow she had managed not to care. She tied her brown hair back, loosely so she wouldn't get a headache as the day wore on. She could tell from the way the air shuddered on the other side of her window that the heat was going to be absolutely hellish once the sun had risen fully, and she'd be stuck inside the bar where the air pressed in with no notion of personal space. It was already too close to light a fire in the stove, so her father would have another cold breakfast today. Will knew he wouldn't mind; most lunch hours she came home to find his bread and jam untouched on the rickety table beside his bed, and him lying in the tangled sheets with a near-empty bottle resting against his belly. Some days he was asleep; other days he had his head tilted back and was pouring a steady stream of amber fluid in between his cracked lips. On these days he did not eat lunch and did not recognize his daughter. \"Morning, darlin',\" he mumbled now as she came in with his plate of food. \"You're looking just as pretty as ever.\" \"Thanks, Daddy,\" she said, and kissed his withered cheek. \"Sit down, sweetheart, lemme look at you.\" She sat on the edge of the bed and the rusty springs yawned beneath her. Her father's rough hand brushed her face gently, his brown eyes nostalgic. \"You're just like your mother,\" he said softly. \"Have I ever told you that?\" \"This would be the millionth time, I think,\" she said, and laughed. He smiled as she got up and set his breakfast on the table. She paused for a moment before picking up the empty bottle that occupied the space beside a black and white picture of Terry on his first horse, his dark hair flopped in his face and his teeth exposed in a wide grin. \"He was so happy about that damned horse,\" said Mr. Slater gruffly, following Will's gaze. \"Fell down and got right back up again. Never seen 'im laugh so hard.\" He sighed and took a drink out of the bottle he'd slept with. \"Daddy, will you try to eat today?\" Will asked timidly. He was always volatile when Terry's name came up. \"For me, will you try?\" He turned his head on the pillow and stared out the window at the ramshackle barn, empty of Terry's favourite horses. The only one that'd stayed was Will's Sam, the trusty old steed that took her to the bar every morning. She'd be able to hear him soon, crying for his share of attention. She crept away from her father's bed and hesitated in the doorway, wishing there were something more she could do. \"I love you, Daddy,\" she whispered, and got no reply. She closed the door quietly on his blank face. \"Arthur asked me to marry him this morning,\" said Jocelyn, playing with the ring on her finger. Will, elbow deep in a tub of soapy water, raised her eyebrows. \"Did he now?\" she said, unsurprised. Arthur had been smitten with Jocelyn even before she'd bedded him. \"What'd you say?\" \"I told him I'd need some time to consider,\" she replied. \"He gave me the ring anyways, said it was mine even if I said no. Awfully sweet of him.\" \"He's a sweet boy,\" said Will, sounding too much like a mother even though Jocelyn was three years her senior. She felt around the bottom of the tub for the dishes she'd missed. She always missed something. \"That's what's getting me, I think -- maybe he's too sweet.\" \"Is there such a thing?\" Jocelyn shrugged. \"I dunno. I mean, he's fine with unmarried sex, he's good with kids, he holds the door and tells folks off for talking funny about me. But I dunno about marrying him. What if he's just going through a kindly phrase what wears off once I say I do? And think if he's not the one. Then the real one comes along and finds me unavailable -- don't laugh, it's very serious! What if the real love of my life comes along and finds me with Arthur and I spend the rest of my life pining for another man? That hardly seems fair to either of us.\" Will smiled to herself but managed to keep a serious tone. \"So what're you gonna do?\" \"Gosh, Will, I dunno. What would you do in my shoes?\" \"I can't fit into your shoes, Josie,\" said Will, taking the dish tub up into her strong arms. \"Everyone knows that.\" \"But say you could,\" Jocelyn whined, following her as she took the dish tub out the back door. \"What would you do, if my shoes were yours?\" Will dumped the dirty water out onto the cracked earth with a heavy whoosh. Two knives tumbled out and hit the ground, the ones she'd missed. She muttered a curse as he picked them up, wiping off on her apron. You could hardly tell. \"If my shoes were yours,\" she said, inspecting the knives, \"I'd tell my Arthur to talk to my Daddy first. There's no way your father will let you run off and marry a blacksmith's son who lacks brains like a toad lacks hair. Then you have your excuse not to marry him.\" \"And if I decide later that I do want to marry him?\" \"Then you do the romantic thing and run away together. If he says yes to that, he's a keeper.\" Jocelyn grinned. \"He'll love that.\" \"I'll bet. But really, if any man asked me -- really me, not me in your shoes -- to marry him just now, I'd say flat out no. I haven't got time for a husband. \"You'd best not let Mrs. Garrloom get wind of that,\" said Jocelyn darkly. \"She'll be figuring you for some kind of loon.\" \"Mrs. Garrloom couldn't find her own ass with both hands and a map,\" replied Will, and Jocelyn giggled. \"But say you meet the right man,\" she crooned, \"and you fall in love ...\" \"And we get married and he starts telling me that I need to stay around the house because the world is no place for a woman,\" said Will, drying out the dregs of water in the bottom of the dish tub with a grubby yellow towel. \"And gradually I stop riding horses and coming to the bar and I forget how to speak my mind or shoot a gun, and then we have a whole whack of babies and I'm chained to them anyways so all the other things that came before legal matrimony stop mattering. No thank you.\" \"Jesus, Will, I'm thinking about getting married!\" \"Sorry,\" said Will dispassionately. \"But anyways, Arthur's a good man, the only good man who's ever proposed to you. He wouldn't cage you up like some shameful thing what ought to be hidden.\" \"What makes you think you'd marry someone like that?\" Jocelyn asked curiously. \"I have poor judgement.\" \"Come on now, you do alright.\" \"I manage. But I'm sure it wouldn't take a whole lot of cunning for some fiend to sweep me off my feet. Then I'd be royally -- \" \"Customer!\" Jocelyn hissed through a painful looking smile. Will looked up from the dish tub and had to squint to make out the face of the figure who had stepped inside to avoid the brutal sunlight. She sighed. \"That's not a customer,\" she said, \"that's only Tommy.\" Thomas Levine took off his hat and held it with his shaking hands, flicking his gaze from Jocelyn to Will nervously. He looked a wreck, just like he always did: bony cheeks and watery eyes, an anxious smile. His wiry presence was unnerving; it was the reason he couldn't get a girl. He popped into the bar every once and a while to talk to the only two girls in town who weren't technically allowed to laugh at him. Not that Will would have anyway -- she felt sorry for him more than anything else, and it wasn't as if he was doing anyone any harm. He kept to himself mostly, escaping his mother's needy cries when he could and trying to avoid being called a ninny. \"Hey sweetheart,\" said Jocelyn. \"What can I do ya for?\" \"I'm not b-buying, thanks Josie,\" said Tommy, taking his usual seat at the deserted bar. \"M-my mother would k-kill me if she found me s-spending money on the drink.\" \"Smart woman, your mother,\" said Will, smiling. \"How's she doing? Don't see her around a lot these days.\" \"S-she stays inside mostly, takes care of the baby. She d-doesn't much approve of this place.\" He looked around, laughing shakily. \"I think she w-worries about you t-two. She talks about you all the t-time.\" \"Is that so?\" asked Jocelyn, frowning defensively. \"What does she say?\" \"S-she just talks about the d-dangers of w-women in b-bars,\" said Tommy as quickly as he could with his stutter, struggling to placate her. \"Y-you know how she -- how she is, Josie. M-my mother d-doesn't have any idea what she's t-talking about m-most of the time.\" \"Now now,\" said Will, \"don't you let Jocelyn James trick you into speaking ill of your mother. Miss James can be a very sneaky one.\" \"S-sneaky, sure. Jocelyn -- is that a ring on your finger?\" It became immediately clear that Jocelyn had been containing her impatience for him to notice this detail; she squealed and wiggled her fingers under his nose. \"Sure is,\" she gushed. \"Arthur asked me to marry him this morning!\" \"The blacksmith's son?\" \"The very same. Now, I asked Wilhelmina Slater how she thought I should answer -- \" presently she glared at Will, \" -- but she's such a cynic, I couldn't make heads or tails of her opinion. You're a nice sensitive boy, Tommy, what do you think I should say?\" Tommy blushed scarlet and became immediately flabbergasted, stumbling over his words. Jocelyn laughed. \"Never mind, it's alright -- I'm sure I'll be able to figure it out. And so what if I do marry him? What's the worst that could happen?\" \"We've already been over that scenario,\" Will reminded her. \"True, but I don't shoot guns or ride horses so I don't figure I'd be missing much.\" She held her hand out at arm's length and examined the ring in the sunlight. \"I've more than half a mind to say yes,\" she murmured, her eyes taking on a dreamlike quality. \"Say what you like, Will, but settling down don't seem half so bad as you put it, at least not from where I'm standing.\" Will rolled her eyes for Tommy's benefit and he gave another nervous laugh before he stood. \"You're not leaving already!\" Jocelyn cried, tearing her eyes from her hand. \"I was just getting used to your company, Tommy Levine!\" \"S-sorry, Josie; I really have to g-go. I'll c-come back tomorrow, maybe.\" \"Hmph,\" said Will once he was out the door. \"Maybe indeed -- I don't think a flood would keep Tommy Levine at home, what with that wretched mother of his. She's probably wringing her hands right now, wondering where her baby boy's gone.\" \"You really ought to work on your optimism, Will,\" said Jocelyn matter-of-factly. \"Being around you is right depressing.\" Ben Wade knew for a fact that he was being greedy, riding back the way he was, but using his current place in the world for reassurance, he'd decided not to care, and that was that. He was followed in his decision by the ever-faithful, never-questioning Charlie Prince, who was pretty much leading the rest of the team with his gun. The crew were sheep, Charlie was the shepherd, and in the small but grand scheme of things, Ben was God. There was a certain amount of arrogance that came with knowing this of oneself, and Ben held no illusions about it. He was an arrogant man. The true God knew he had earned the right. He'd been to this town six months ago, this one they were headed to now. He'd stolen a fair amount of money and shot a fair amount of men, stirring up the dust and the bloodlust in the hearts of the townspeople. Normally six months wasn't quite long enough for said dust to settle, but he was Ben Wade, and he planned to walk through it as it still hung in the air. There was a stage coach what ran through the town and out past it, carrying a great deal of money. Caution would be necessary of course; it always was and he never worried. It was a big enough job that he'd have to try something different, transport wads of the cash separately, but it'd work. His trust in the plan was unwavering. It would work. The sun was high in the sky now, looking down at them disapprovingly. Let it. He'd be finished before noon, and then they'd head into town for a drink. He loaded his gun and waited.[Chapter 3] Firstly, thank you for the kind reviews and I'm very sorry for neglecting to update. I tend to fall behind with these kinds of things and (well) everything else. I just remembered as I was finishing this chapters that there are a few things you should probably know: This is set in Arizona, because I wasn't creative enough to pick a new state, but it's set a solid few years before the movie takes place. I guess you could say it's kind of about how people become the way they are. So that's enough cryptic messaging for now... read read read! Chapter Two: Common Knowledge Will did not hear the gunshots being fired outside of town, and upon future reflection, she would later decide that it wouldn't have mattered either way. There were no precautions she could have taken against her life being turned so completely upside down. It played out in her head over and over again, and it always turned out the same way. Had she heard the gunshots, Will would have paused as she poured drinks, doing a non-visual double take. She would not, of course, have believed her ears. But when four more shots rang out across the Arizona skyline, she would have known for certain that something was wrong, that trouble was afoot not too far off. She would have put down the bottle of whatever alcohol she happened to be pouring and taken a moment in the back room to collect herself. She would have been startled but unafraid, and certainly not panicky enough to ask Jocelyn to work through her approaching break so she'd have some backup if the afooted trouble arrived. No. When Josie came to the back room to check on her, Will would have said that she was just getting a new keg because the old one was nearly out. Jocelyn would not have cared enough to question and would have gone on her break in fifteen minutes with nothing on her mind but visiting Arthur at his father's shop. But Will didn't need to lie about the keg or worry about the repercussions of gunshots because she didn't hear them, and when it really came down to it, this changed nothing, because Jocelyn went on her break and Will was left to tend the bar and everything got on as it would have done anyway; it was just all the more surprising when the band of criminals piled in. Will had never seen an outlaw up close before and therefore had no way of knowing what they were when they walked in, the sunshine attacking her eyes and clouding her vision of their faces. They carried a lot of guns, she noticed, but this was Arizona and everybody carried guns; she herself kept a pistol under the counter to protect herself during her shifts. The real fishy thing was the way they walked, the confident swaggers that seemed at the same time to be a conscious effort, like blending in was a practiced skill. By the time they started pulling men out of their seats and leading them to the door, Will had pegged them and steeled herself. In her heart of hearts, there was only one true criminal, and she knew his face well from the wanted posters. Will recognized Ben Wade the first time she saw him: not as tall as she'd expected, but with a concrete presence that more than made up for it. She recognized Charlie Prince, the understatedly notorious right-hand man who had the stillest hands she'd ever seen, and the bluest eyes. She recognized various faces, names, all gunmen, all killers. Men like these could kill boys like Tommy before anyone could blink, could draw, shoot, and take off as easy as the sun shines or the wind blows or the heat comes off the sand in waves. In roughly five seconds she worked this out, and was unafraid. It didn't take her long to figure out the degree to which Ben Wade was in charge. The men didn't seem to want to sit down until he did; they loitered around the tables and shuffled their feet until he had settled himself at one end of the bar, at which point they joined him. When he tipped his hat to her, they all mimicked him. He ordered the drinks and Will, understanding the hierarchy, poured his first. He didn't look at her, and she was glad, because she didn't think she could have handled herself if she'd been made to meet his eyes. A cold fury was pulsing through her, turning her blood thick and syrupy and making her head pound. The same hands that gripped the glass were the hands that had held the gun that killed her brother, left him to bleed in the desert. She could shoot him right now, she thought as she screwed the cap back on the alcohol and returned it to its place on the wall behind the bar. She was considering it, too, taking the pistol out from under the counter and shooting the bastard right between the eyes. She was a quick shot, and it wasn't doubt that stopped her; it was her father. He was sitting at home right now, waiting for her to come and feed him dinner. Will could have killed Ben Wade if she wanted to, but she imagined that the still hands of Charlie Prince wouldn't remain so if someone took his master from him. Will would die just as surely as Wade. \"The wagon's ready in the back,\" said a male voice from behind her. She cooled, listened. \"James and Arden are loading it up. It's small. Two horses will take it, easy.\" Will felt a chill creep up her spine, an electrifying bout of excitement. A wagon meant they were moving something. Money. \"Good,\" said another man who could only be Ben Wade. \"We'll ride across the border. You'll meet us there later.\" \"Me? Boss -- \" \"Yes you, Charlie,\" said Ben Wade. \"You're the only person I trust not to run once you've got the wagon. We'll leave today. In one week, when the chaos has died down, you'll wait until it gets dark and then you'll follow us. We'll meet you at the Hotel Reina in Nogales. Can you handle that?\" \"Of course,\" said Charlie Prince, opting to be flattered by his boss's offering of trust rather than insulted by the condescending tone to his voice. \"Then we don't have a problem, do we?\" Will heard him drain the rest of his drink and set it down on the bar. \"Excuse me, miss.\" She turned around and kept her face determinedly expressionless. He smiled politely and she felt every inch of her revolt from within. It took all of her strength not to show it. \"Room for one,\" he said. \"A week's stay.\" She took his money and got him his key. He stared at her strangely, examining her face in a close and concentrated way that was unnerving. She kept her eyes fixed firmly on his, refusing to be weak and turn away. \"You look familiar,\" he said at last. \"Have we met before?\" \"I'm sure that I'd remember our meeting, Mr. Wade,\" she said dryly. He chuckled. \"Yes, I'm sure you would,\" he said, shifting in his chair as if to see her from a new angle, \"but I'll be damned if those aren't the greenest pair of eyes I've ever seen. I knew a girl with eyes like that once.\" Will slid the room key across the table to him. \"I'm not her,\" she said gently. He smiled. \"No,\" he said, \"I suppose you're not.\" He got up and his company followed him, replacing hats and pulling pants up with their hands looped beneath their belts. Even Charlie Prince, who'd been chosen to stay behind, got up to see Ben Wade out the door. They exchanged a brief and quiet goodbye at the door, none of which Will caught. Ben Wade tossed her one last look over his shoulder before he left, and she set her jaw. She would not do him the honour of letting him see her smile. Charlie Prince looked much smaller and very alone once his comrades were gone. He didn't seem to know what to do with himself, and the air became thick with the silence that filled the empty room. Will should've said something to him; it was her job to make small talk with men who had nothing else to do, but she couldn't think of what to say. He was holding the key in his hand, watching his fellows leave on horseback. \"Can I do anything else for you, sir?\" Will asked at last, but it didn't matter; he didn't seem to hear her, to remember that he was not alone in the bar. After a few minutes it must have occured to him because he turned around, but he didn't answer her question. He smiled in a way that was not entirely friendly and then left, walking down the hall to, she guessed, find the room whose number was marked on his key. She watched him go. When his back had disappeared, she started clearing away the glasses that they'd left on the bar, the wheels in her mind turning. From what she'd heard, she could figure out most of what was going on. Ben Wade had just stolen money. A good amount of money, it sounded like, otherwise he wouldn't need a wagon to transport it. He was going to let the authorities put their heads and false pretences back on, giving Charlie Prince an easy out. He'd bring the money to them in Mexico and they'd disappear, once again slipping through the sheriff's fingers and under the radar. He was clever, Will had to admit, but he obviously hadn't counted on her having a head attached to her shoulders, because he hadn't considered the consequences of telling an outsider his entire plan. So Will started to devise her own. She wasn't a bad person by nature, but she was human and she had needs. One was money. She and her father couldn't keep going the way they were; they needed to pay for their water, their food. Another was revenge. She hated to think of Ben Wade living the rest of his life thinking that he could take and do whatever he wanted. He should be made to pay for his crimes. Now she had a way to do that. It was a simple enough plan. Maybe part of Will's problem was that she never paused to think about whether or not it was too simple, whether she wasn't giving the infamous Ben Wade (and his followers) enough credit. It's difficult to say whether this kind of thought process would have helped her. She knew when Charlie Prince was planning to leave. One week from that day, he would wait until night and then he'd hook up his wagon and disappear. All she had to do was kill him before he skipped town. She'd take some of the money out of that wagon: enough to make sure that she wouldn't have to worry about herself anymore. Then she'd report Ben Wade's location to the sheriff so he could send one of his little scouting parties out and arrest him. Ben Wade would be put into prison and hung like any other man who stole from someone else. He would be cut down to size and destroyed. Will smiled as she put the glasses in the washing tub, her dress sticking to her waist as she moved. Who said revenge was best served cold? Charlie Prince wasn't the type of person who enjoyed being idle. He loved planning for a job, loved the thrill of success. He knew that it was his responsibility to Ben Wade to stay behind and take care of the wagon, but it didn't make him any less uncomfortable to have to sit alone in the hotel room like a watch dog, waiting for one night, then the next, then the next, until he knew that the boss had reached Nogales and was safe. Charlie's loyalty to Ben Wade was not something to be suspicious of on any count. It had been created out of debt by an honest man who had no reason to pretend that he was anything he wasn't. To assume that Charlie Prince had some ulterior motive was to assume that he'd beat around the bush if he did. He wouldn't. If he'd wanted something more than trust from Ben Wade, he would have taken it long ago. Charlie knew in some deep place that Ben Wade didn't necessarily need him. He was an asset, certainly; he could shoot better than anyone else in the outfit besides the boss himself and he didn't particularly care what man the gun was aimed at. He didn't need to question why a man's life should be taken. Sometimes things just went bad.[Chapter 4] I just wanted to take a minute to thank you all for the kind reviews. Just by the way, I'm still expecting more, even though this chapter isn't exactly explosive. Chapter Three: Type Matthew Slater had not eaten that day. It would seem that all he had managed to do was lie in bed and sweat, the salty liquid congealing in the folds of his wasted neck. But Will knew better; the numerous empty bottles strewn across the bedroom spoke of a trip to the liquor store. Indeed, as she took the bottles downstairs to set on the kitchen table, she noticed that the jar of money she kept on the mantle was considerably emptier. She'd been telling herself for months that she needed to move it, to stow it safely away in her own bedroom, but she had yet to do the chore. It was like a final act of admittance, a farewell to the father that once had been. She didn't want to give up on him. She wanted to believe that half a year was not such a long time. She dipped a cloth into a bowl of cool water and wrung it out before wiping the sticky residue off of her father's face and neck. He was staring out the window where sunset was approaching. Dusk was a very gradual thing in town: dark came slowly, swallowing the main street into crimson glow and shadow. Then the sun performed its swan song, blood red light exploding across the sky for a few brief but eternal moments before disappearing behind the flat horizon. Will couldn't tell if he was really observing these magical seconds or if he had retired to his drunken abyss for the night. He hadn't spoken a word to her since she'd come in, and her conversation with him would have been equally as stimulating had she been talking to a brick wall. \"You'll never guess who came in today,\" she said, plucking a stray hair out of the water on his forehead. \"Real outlaws ¾ not just the petty thieves who usually keep me company.\" She sighed, held his empty eyes with her own. \"I'd tell you who,\" she murmured, \"but I think it'd only upset you. It certainly gave me a turn.\" \"Takes near an apocalypse to do that,\" Matthew rasped. \"Tell me who it was.\" Will paused; she was unaware that he'd been listening and was now unsure if she really wanted to tell him what had happened in the bar today. She wasn't sure if she felt comfortable with her father knowing that Ben Wade thought she looked familiar, thought her eyes were the greenest he'd ever seen. \"Charlie Prince,\" she said softly. If she couldn't tell him the whole truth, she'd tell him half of it. \"Charlie Prince,\" he repeated. \"One of the most wanted men in Arizona. Did you talk to him?\" \"Some,\" she replied. \"He didn't seem the talkative type.\" \"I don't imagine so.\" A thought passed over his face, a realization. \"Was Ben Wade not with him?\" he asked. \"Never heard of Charlie Prince going anywhere without Ben Wade.\" \"I'm sure he was close by.\" \"I'm sure…\" His eyes started to droop under the weight of memory and alcohol. \"If he'd been there, Will, what would you have done? Would you have killed him?\" \"No, Daddy,\" she whispered. \"I don't think I would have.\" He nodded slowly, his head dropping. \"You're a good girl,\" he said. \"I know I don't tell you enough… but you are…\" She held his hand as he crossed the border into that seductive country Sleep, his chest rising and falling steadily as his breathing fell into an easy rhythm. Her lower lip began to tremble as he went, and then her shoulders, and by the time he had fallen in deeply enough, she was shaking all over, the tears pouring down her face. She got unsteadily to her feet and shuffled awkwardly out of the room, one hand over her mouth. In the hallway she sank to the floor, her back to the wall, and cried in earnest. She feared sometimes that the story of six months ago would never stop haunting her, that she'd always be plagued by these instances in which she could not reign her tears to a halt as she thought of Terry's face in the last time she had seen him. She feared sometimes too (and this fear was worse, infinitely worse) that she would forget that last time, that someday his face would slip a notch in her mind and be lost forever. Already the wear and tear of the months had taken their toll on Terry's everlasting smile, blurring its edges in the back of her mind. Still, within a few moments her eyes had run themselves dry and she found that her hands had stopped trembling. She took a few deep, experimental breaths, and though they still shook in her throat, they did not overwhelm her into more tears. She relaxed, resting her weary head on the wall behind her, watching the dying light sink lower on her father's bedroom door. He did not call out to her, did not ask if she was alright. The drink had lulled him into apathy; she may as well have been alone in the house. The past few months had made her wonder whether she shouldn't just sell their land ¾ the barn, too big for one horse, the house too spacious for an unmarried woman and her bedridden father. The real Matthew Slater would have been scandalized by the very suggestion of leaving the plot that had harboured him all his life, but Will didn't think this new version would mind, or even notice. A worried sort of satisfaction brewed within her as she thought about the riches concealed in the wagon behind the bar. Within a few weeks, leaving her home would never again cross her mind as a plausible decision. She would stop measuring her waist with her hands to see if she'd lost any more weight from scraping meals together in meagre portions. There'd be no need to marry, even, not if she could manage by herself. Though she was not quite eighteen, she was dreading the idea of forever confining herself to one man's hand, one man's affection. To bearing a man's children, sacrificing her freedom in favour of bending over cradles and carrying soft little people on her hips. She enjoyed children, but they had always been kept at a safe distance. That the idea of having her own was mortally terrifying served as an omen, a warning not to follow in her mother's footsteps. Will frowned, puzzled. She hadn't thought about her mother in a long time. Mrs. Slater was, naturally, an inconsistent force in her daughter's life, and as such Will knew very little about her. Terry used to tell her stories when they were only children. They'd spend whole afternoons talking about the time that he'd spent with her, about the smell of her perfume and the touch of her lips on his forehead. Later, when she was alone, Will would indulge in these stolen memories and pretend they were hers. Now that Terry was gone, she had only the old stories left. If Matthew had spoken seldom of his wife before, his words had become even more scarce now. Will went out to the barn and tended to Sam, shovelling out his stall and checking his water. She touched the velvety part of his snout and kissed it gently. \"Things are going to turn around for us,\" she promised. \"Starting today, they're going to turn around.\" Sam didn't answer; he never did. Will liked it that way. The last thing she needed was someone else giving her answers to questions she'd never asked. She knew what she was doing, though maybe not what she was getting herself into. If someone had told her not to do what she wanted to do in the current situation, she wouldn't have listened. She'd be working the night shift in a few days, a good time before Charlie Prince was due to leave. In a point of fact, Wilhelmina Slater had indeed crossed into a territory from which there was no return.[Chapter 5] I'm so, so, so sorry for not updating for so long. I just checked my email today and got all these Favorite Story reminders and my heart broke. I really do apologize, and again, because I know this isn't the first or last time I'll neglect you. I'm a horrible person. I know. Because I was so eager to update, I think this chapter ended up being kind of rushed. Please tell me in your reviews whether you thought it was all right; some of my friends have called my writing slow, and I want to know if this is better. I love you guys. Really, I do. And I'm sorry again. Chapter Four: Misery The night was hotter than the day when Will finally took what she perceived to be her last sunset shift. No way she was going to continue working as a barmaid after this. No more having her wrist stroked while she was pouring drinks. No more stepping outside to catch some measure of an ashen breeze. No more being ogled but never respected. With money she'd have rights, and everyone would call her Ma'am. It was a dream come true, fate dumping such good fortune into her lap. Revenge and a new life all in one go. So she shouldn't have faltered. But she did. Working days, she acted normally, discreetly reviewing her plan again and again. She had it down to the point that she was troubleshooting in her sleep, coming up with solutions to any problem that might crop up. She'd resolved just about everything that she could think of, but there was one little kink: she was scared. She'd never killed a man before. Certainly Charlie Prince was no innocent, but he was a man nonetheless. It didn't enter her mind to be frightened of him specifically (Why should she be? She'd never heard of Wade's gang doing anything to women but breaking their hearts), but in an ambiguous kind of way, she was frightened for him. Charlie Prince had promised to him no place but hell after death. Could she really do that to someone? Sure she could. She was Will Slater, dammit. And really, he had it coming, what with his being a murderer and all. The night of reckoning came fast and, as though sensing that the cause of Will's internal moral dispute was about to erupt, the bar patrons left early. Will polished the pistol that was under the counter and laid it neatly on one of the tables. She sat down and stared at it. It was kept loaded, but neither she nor Jocelyn had ever been in a tight enough fix to need it. She had seen one of these before, but this number didn't look the same. It was cold and steely and menacing, and it seemed to speak to her very clearly. Don't do it. She swallowed in the darkness. She hated the night shift; there were too many shadows in the big room, too many places that could conceal the monsters of her nightmares. She wondered if Charlie Prince's eyes would still be blue in this light. Christ alive, she was losing her mind. Best to do it now, then. With a mind came a conscience, and she didn't want that back. She picked up the gun and made for the rooms. Charlie Prince prided himself on being fast. He was fast to get his guns out, fast to react, fast to get the situation over and done with. This particular situation was slow and disappointing, but it had taught him something already. He was a fast learner. He knew off by heart what floorboards creaked in the hall that lead to the room he was staying in, and where his breathing echoed off of hollows in the walls. He could hear people coming down the halls even when they were dead silent, which no one really was. So she must have been very good, because he didn't hear her until she was right outside his room. Normally he wouldn't have worried about someone passing by, even if it was the dead of night. But she paused, and then it was too long for a pause, then it was a hesitation, a wait. He couldn't hear her breathing but he knew she was no man by the smell of her when he leaned in close to the door. Men didn't wear rose oil. He hadn't smelled that in a long time, not since he was a child with a mother. The boss was the one who was fond of women. Charlie Prince was fond of no one. He slipped into the shadows beside the door and waited for her, knowing she'd come in gun first. He'd never had an attempt on his life by a woman before. He'd never killed a woman before. He thought it would be interesting. Will swung the door open quickly; the doors creaked when pushed slow. The room was darker than she'd anticipated, and she held tightly to her gun, keeping it pressed to her waist so she could feel its reassuring weight. The bed was empty and the bathroom door was ajar, the room beyond pitch black. She had no idea how she could have been so stupid. His hands were warm, at least. She loathed being touched by cold hands. He put one over her mouth and used the entire free arm to clamp her hands to her sides. She didn't drop the gun, but he wrestled it from her. Years later she would reflect upon it and wonder exactly how it was he had managed to throw her off course so completely, but he did. The gun was gone and she was pinned to his chest. \"Don't scream,\" he whispered in her ear, \"or you'll be the sorriest person in the state. Do you understand?\" She sighed resignedly and nodded, still shockingly calm. \"Well, fuck,\" she said dryly, but from behind his hand, it sounded more like she wanted to kill a duck. This was the one scenario that was the most likely to happen, and the one scenario she hadn't counted on. Arrogance rendered a man blind, she remembered her father saying. She never was one for following good advice. She lifted her right foot and stomped on his, but he didn't let go. She squirmed and tried all possible means of slipping out of his grip, but he held fast. Even if he did release her, what was she going to do? Flee? She had no doubt that he would recover quickly and grab her again. This was ridiculous. \"Are you going to kill me?\" she asked, easily giving the impression that she didn't care. Really, she was thinking about her father in bed, Sam in his stall, Jocelyn coming in tomorrow, Tommy sitting at home with his horrible mother. She didn't want to die, but she wasn't going to beg. She wouldn't give him the satisfaction. Charlie took a moment to answer. He wanted to kill her. Desperately. It should have been easy. \"Why were you going to kill me?\" he asked instead of answering. \"What do you know?\" \"I'm… I'm not going to tell you!\" Women. \"I'm the one with the gun,\" he said. \"It doesn't matter.\" \"Do you want to die?\" \"Does it matter? You'll kill me either way.\" She had him there. He turned her around and pushed her against the wall, holding her by her throat. She stared at him defiantly with green eyes. Shit. Green eyes. \"The barmaid,\" he said. This was problematic in the extreme. She knew where the money was (but he'd checked it this morning; why hadn't she taken any?). She knew who he was. She knew where the boss was headed. She knew where the boss was headed. \"Did you tell anyone?\" he demanded. She coughed, pushing at his arm. \"Who would I tell?\" she asked. \"The law.\" \"And they'd confiscate all your money and give it back to some bank,\" said Will, incredulous at how easily he'd dismiss her for some good little girl. \"What good is it to me if it's there?\" He sighed. If it was really money she was after, he could just pay her off. But at the same time, he couldn't risk her running off and telling the sheriff once she got paid. The boss would be ambushed and Charlie would be held accountable. He really did have to kill her. And he'd never killed a woman before. His foot throbbed. Fragile. Sure. \"You've put yourself in a world of trouble,\" he said. \"Oh, I realize that. What are you going to do, Charlie Prince?\" she asked. \"Put me out of your misery?\" Jesus, she was bold. \"No,\" he said. \"Better.\"[Chapter 6] I just wanted to add this note, as I forgot to answer a question in one of your reviews... Terrence (Will's brother) does not appear in the movie; he is my character too. I didn't mention that in the first chapter, but I'm telling you now. Sorry for any confusion. I'd like to apologize once again for not updating. I understand completely your fear of cliff-hangers. I'm updating early to try and rid myself of guilt. I can assure you that any time I don't update, it's for a good reason. Thanks so much for your kind reviews. There are only four lines of dialogue in this chapter, but I feel like you learn a lot about Charlie and Will, so I'm hoping to hear from you all again after you've read. Chapter Five: Onward When she was five years old, Will had gotten into a fight with Terry over whether or not she was irrational. Being five, she had no idea what irrational meant, but he said it like an insult so she took it to be one, and argued her case as best she could without an accurate definition of her offence. Terry had won, though she'd never given in to his victory. Looking back on this last week or so, Will finally had to admit defeat. She was irrational. None but an irrational woman would listen so intently to illegal information, then try to use it for her own purposes. None but an irrational woman would go to Charlie Prince's room with the intention of actually killing him in his sleep, especially when he was due to be leaving after dark and would thus be awake anyway. At this point, she had passed Irrational. She was now at the border of that simple state, Stupid. After their brief scuffle and exchanging of words, Charlie had his Will most impolitely over the head and dumped her, unconscious and bound at the wrists and ankles, into the back of the wagon. When she woke up, she felt as though her head might split open, and her limbs ached from spending the night on the hard wagon floor. A large canteen of water was sloshing obnoxiously next to her ear, and beneath that, she could hear the wagon wheels creaking as they moved sluggishly onward. The heat was ridiculous; the dampness of her dress had evolved to a fully fledged soaking. She was sure she smelled horrible, but she wasn't in fine enough company to be concerned. Getting into a sitting position was quite a feat; every time the wheels made contact with a rock, the entire wagon jostled and she lost her balance. She wriggled like a beached fish and pushed herself backward with her tied legs. Eventually she found a way to sit with her knees against her chest, her back on the wagon wall. Heavy crates tottered ominously on either side of her. Some she recognized as bank crates; others must have been full of Charlie's supplies. She could see no knives or warped metal or other sharp ends with which to cut her bindings. She supposed if she rubbed the rope against the crates fast enough, the rope would snap. That or catch fire, which was not a risk she was willing to take. Besides which, her shoes were missing. Out of the end of the wagon she could see a long stretch of desert, the kind of ground that would not be particularly agreeable without shoes. She really was in quite a fix, and the worst part was not knowing where she was going to end up. She had some idea, of course. Charlie Prince's predetermined destination was the Hotel Reina in Nogales, Mexico. Will had never been outside of Arizona, but it was well known that Mexico was safe ground for Ben Wade and a number of other outlaws; they weren't wanted there. Once Charlie Prince crossed the border with the money, Ben Wade and his outfit were in the clear. The way she figured it, she'd be dumped in Nogales and the criminals would be on their merry way, at which point she'd still have no money, and her information would be useless to boot. She had no idea how she could have been so completely selfish. Her father was probably sitting at home right now without breakfast in his belly, waiting for a lunch that wouldn't come. Or maybe he wouldn't notice her absence at all. He would tell no one that she was missing and no one would know and no one would come looking for her. She'd already more than proved that she was useless when it came to a game of wits with Charlie Prince; she wasn't going to get out of this alone. Her best bet was to walk carefully, treat this like the delicate situation that it was. She sincerely doubted that Charlie Prince had a good side for her to try and get on, but being a notorious criminal had to call for some measure of logic. If she could convince him that it was in his best interest to let her go… She watched him driving for a few moments. There was a definite awareness to him; he knew she was awake. From what she could gather, he was uncompromising in essence, a man of few words. He wasn't about to waste his breath on the likes of her, but chances were, if she talked, he'd listen without taking an active role in the conversation. She needed to get started on him right away, but back here, she was too easy to ignore. She took the ropes around her wrists between her teeth and tugged. He'd tied them tightly, but he had been in too much of a hurry. All they'd take was patience. He heard her little intake of breath when she woke up, heard the ropes rubbing together as she began working on her escape. He was preoccupied with other things, and was faster than her besides. He wasn't worried about her trying to leave. What he was worried about was the boss, sitting in the hotel seducing some waitress. They were on a tight schedule this time around; they weren't even spending the night in the Reina once Charlie arrived. They needed to get on, as was always necessary with large loads. But because he had been so distracted by her the first time he saw her, it was largely possible that Ben would delay their progress in order to spend some time in bed with Green Eyes. Maybe it was better just to kill her. And that wasn't a problem. The \"just\" was the problem. It was sticking, somehow. He'd never had to think about whether or not to kill someone before, because he'd never regretted it afterwards. It was what he did. It came naturally. Now, though, when faced with killing her , he was finding himself debating over it as if it were something he had to actually think about. What was worse was that he was thinking of it as more of a joke than a feasible option. It wasn't a God thing. Sure, Charlie believed in God and the Ten Commandments and all of that, but he wasn't afraid to kill or steal or make bad people out of good ones, because the type of person he figured God for wouldn't care. He didn't tend to lie, because lying was for people who wanted to keep secrets, and he had no illusions about himself and therefore did not need to keep the dark, dirty pieces of his soul from anyone. If it mattered to someone, that was their problem. He'd never killed a woman because Ben had told him not to, and Ben's word was law. Ben had this thing about women that Charlie could never understand; they were all beautiful, all sacred, all worth good manners and charm. He never saw them as talkative or irritating, or if he did, he never said so. Charlie didn't question Ben's command, but Ben explained nonetheless: any woman could be some man's wife, some baby's mother. They were but humble outlaws. Who were they to take a much needed woman from someone else's life? Well, Charlie thought, a woman was worth no more than a man, and more often than not worth less than the man she was married to. He didn't think Green Eyes was married. She didn't look the type, and he'd never heard of a married woman working in a bar. He hadn't seen a ring on her finger when he was tying her wrists together. The scorching heat was coming off the sand in more than waves; there were fucking oceans out there above the horizon. His palms were slipping up and down the reigns and he wouldn't be surprised if there was a puddle on the seat of his pants. Everything was sticky and heavy and just sitting was exhausting, like a giant hand was trying to push him down but he just kept staying up. Foam was streaming down the sides of each horse and they were moving at least ten times slower than Charlie had anticipated. Another thing he hadn't anticipated was having a second mouth to feed and water, a second body taking up space. If worst came to worst, they'd stop in Sierra Vista and regroup. He didn't think it'd be that bad, but you never could predict just what was going to happen. By the time Will got the ropes off, the sun had lowered considerably in the sky and her hair was drowning in the sweat on her forehead. She got the ropes off of her ankles with ease once her hands were free. There were red marks where they had been and the air moved over them like water, cool and refreshing. She didn't feel the sense of accomplishment she thought she'd have felt. Instead, she just wanted a long, hard sleep. The bedroll that was curled up in the corner on the other side of the wagon was most tempting, but she was on a mission. If she didn't get him to turn her loose today, she'd be riding shotgun all the way to Nogales, and there'd be plenty of time to sleep until they got there. She pulled herself to her hands and knees and crawled around the tottering crates toward the front of the wagon, There, she all but dragged herself up to the bench beside Charlie Prince. He seemed unperturbed by her sudden appearance and undaunted by the heat. She hated him already. The plan was to start ragging on him like only women could do, make him sorry for taking her like this, make him turn around. But Will was never much of a talker, and her plans rarely went accordingly (such had she gotten herself into the present situation). She found herself saying, \"How long until we reach Nogales?\" \"It's a week's journey in good conditions,\" said Charlie Prince, as though they'd already been having a conversation and this was just a new topic for them to discuss. \"Are these good conditions?\" \"No.\" She lifted the loose strands of her hair off the back of her neck and tucked them into what was left of the bun she'd put in yesterday. There was no point in asking how long the journey would take with the heat and the extra cargo. He'd already put her off conversation; his cold indifference was unnerving. She swung her legs around so they faced forward, matching his, and rested her cheek on the wagon frame. With any luck she'd fall asleep.[Chapter 7] Hello again, and happy Canada Day for those of you in Canada, or for you Canadians in other parts of the world. Holla! So we've got some more dialogue in this chapter, some more personality development, and some foreshadowing (see if you can spot it). I think I'm doing a better job of updating... right? Trying to get back in your good graces. I know this one's a little short. It's really bugging me that lots of my chapters seem to be that way... I'm going to work on making them longer. Read read read! Chapter Six: Bone Lonely Places There wasn't a single moment to search the wagon. For someone who seemed to have all his attention focused on the path forward, Charlie was incredibly observant. He moved when she moved, heard everything. Whenever she shifted one of his crates, he looked back at her with eyes that could have created a skating rink in hell. Eventually, she gave up. She wasn't really sure what she was looking for. Not money; she knew where that was. Something sharp, maybe, so she could make another attempt at killing him, although she didn't think that would do her a whole lot of good at this point. It may have looked like they were going in a straight line through the godforsaken desert, but she knew better. If she took over this wagon, she'd be lost in a matter of hours and dead in a matter of days. So the only thing there was to do was wait, and that she did. Charlie stopped the wagon when it got too dark to see and set up a fire, upon which he heated up beans and the driest biscuits Will had ever eaten. She made a point of not complaining. She knew how fast the temperature dropped in town, but she'd never experienced anything like the sudden biting cold that came in the middle of nowhere when there were no clouds in the sky to hold heat. Charlie grudgingly threw her a blanket and she took it without expressing her gratitude, clenching her teeth against the shivers that shook her and enduring like a weathered traveller. She couldn't imagine why someone would live like this willingly until she laid on her back and looked at the stars. There were thousands of them, stretching out beyond her vision, beyond the ground, it seemed. The sky was a huge, endless canopy of punctured ink. She felt like if she reached high enough, she would scoop away glowing handfuls of fire. Suddenly, her suffering -- not just now, but all the suffering in her entire lifetime -- seemed entirely irrelevant to her, to the world. It was so big, her problems were just a pinprick in its massive finger. \"I never realized the sky was so big,\" she said. She thought she heard Charlie laugh, but she couldn't be sure. When the morning came, the silence between them buzzed. Charlie picked up his sleeping mat and rolled it into a cylinder before throwing it unceremoniously in the back of the wagon. Will did the same with her own blanket and jumped in after it just soon enough, for Charlie had already grabbed the reigns and started moving. Breakfast was cold leftovers from dinner; Will sat up next to Charlie and ate quietly, watching the horses move. She wondered how Sam was doing, if anyone was thinking to take care of him. It had been a little over a day, so surely everything was moving on without her. Who was taking care of Matthew Slater, alone in his bed? What had Jocelyn said to Arthur? \"Are you married?\" she asked at one point. She thought she saw him startle, but he hid it well. \"Don't start asking questions now,\" he said. \"Just making conversation, Charlie Prince. If you travel without talking all the time… well, I wouldn't be surprised if you're just as crazy as they say you are.\" They stopped at midday to give the horses a rest and a drink, and Will got out of the wagon to stretch. She reached up and pulled her hair out of its bun, running her fingers through it to separate it. She'd never before wished so desperately that she didn't have any to worry about; it made the back of her neck damp and her skin itch. She caught Charlie looking at her from the horses' other side. \"What?\" she said. He continued looking at her, unperturbed. She was suddenly, painfully aware of every small movement she made, the shifting of her hips, the way her body curved. She always felt this way when men cast their eyes on her, like her dress was too tight. She refused to drop her eyes. \"Did I say anything?\" he asked. She watched him carefully. \"No,\" she said, \"I suppose not.\" \"Get back in the wagon,\" he said, hopping up. She fell back from the horses a little ways. \"I'm going to walk for a while,\" she said. Charlie shrugged and urged the horses on. She was good looking. No, that was an understatement. She was good looking before. With her hair down, she was something else. He'd always been able to restrain himself, at least better than anyone else in the outfit. About a million other things came before women. He was a busy man, and women took up time. They were good for one thing, but it could never just be that one thing; they wanted to talk, and then they wanted to get married, and then they wanted children, and then they wanted you to stay home and take care of the children. She'd caught him looking at her and hadn't said much of anything. Maybe she really wasn't the marrying type. Of course, it didn't matter what type she was. What did that have to do with anything? If he decided he wanted her, he'd have her and that would be that. If he decided he didn't (which, he was sure, would be the case; her very presence was irritating in the extreme), he'd put up with her until Nogales. Either way, he was leaving her there. She walked just behind the bench on the wagon where he sat, so he couldn't quite see her but could hear her footsteps underneath the horses' hooves digging into the dirt. He would have liked to take a walk himself; his legs were cramping up. But he knew the kind of exhaustion that so easily overtook people who exerted themselves without necessity. She'd get tired. She'd asked him if he was married. How could he possibly be married with the kind of lifestyle he lead? It was the most idiotic question he'd ever heard. It had already been a day and a half and he wasn't nearly as far along as he'd like to be. He'd heard her last night, what she'd said about the sky. He, too, had never realized such a thing. The sky was fucking enormous. How was he ever going to get to the other side when it was so big? He was getting delirious. It was the heat. It was the smell of roses. They were all he could smell, beyond the rank scent of horse coat and the dry stench of desert sand and the harsh blast that was the wind. They were all tainted by roses. He clenched his fingers down on the leather reigns, stilling them. His hands were shaking. His hands never shook. Will could remember, vaguely, a song about God. She didn't remember the words, exactly, just a woman's voice humming the tune, a woman with a voice like an angel. This memory had always followed her around, perhaps because she had no idea who the woman was. She used to think it was her mother, sometimes, in her private hours when she lay in bed. She used to think that perhaps her mother had not died in childbirth after all, that she had lived long enough to sing her baby girl sweet church songs before she fell asleep every night. There was a bone lonely place inside of Will that longed for this to be true, although she knew it couldn't be. Losing a mother (even a mother that you never had, not really) is like losing your home, and the earth it stood on, and the sky that stood above it. It was like counting the stars and having each one you looked at flicker and die out. She had been there for her mother's funeral, just a baby. She wondered who had held her while they spoke the sad words and people cried. Her father had told her that she'd cried at her mother's funeral, that it looked like a black sheet were mourning because she was so small, she couldn't be seen beneath it. She wondered if he were the one that held her, if they held each other while each of their stars fell from the sky. The morning after she'd looked at the stars, outside by the fire, she'd pulled rocks out of her calves and felt like the unluckiest person in the world. Her suffering was irrelevant, perhaps, but it didn't stop it from being there. With such a tiny view into a great big world, all contained under a greater and bigger sky, how could she not muddy the difference between important and not? What she felt was the only thing she would ever feel.[Chapter 8] I know it's a bit early to be updating again, but this chapter just poured out of me. The past two were a little boring, I noticed, so this is where things start to pick up. Chapter Seven: Balance To say that it all went wrong on the third day would imply that it was once going right. Will was sure that she was going to have scars from all the gravel that became somehow embedded in her legs as she slept during the night, and even the stars did not make up for the aching loneliness of not hearing the swish of alcohol in her father's bottle just down the hall. She didn't think she'd miss such shallow things as that, that and good food, something to rise to in the morning, gossip with Jocelyn, Tommy Levine's mid-afternoon visits. She had felt like something was missing ever since Terry was killed, but now she was beginning to see just how much she had taken for granted. How did people get used to snapping off their roots like this? On top of that, her brief bouts of conversation were few and far between. She had never disliked silence, had enjoyed it, in fact, for she held company with many people who simply talked too much. But she'd never gone two and a half days speaking as little as she had. She got a funny, tingling sensation in her throat, like her voice were dying and trying to tell her. Her mind started buzzing with all kinds of things that would have liked to be said but were stuck inside. She started walking outside of the wagon more and more often during the day so that she could at least mouth the words, outline the things that she'd say if she were sitting on the end of her father's bed or standing behind the bar. Not that she'd be there, if she had the choice. She was actually doubting, now, that she'd be able to go back to working at the bar. It had proved to be very dangerous, exposing oneself to the talk of criminals. She was in this mess because she'd offered herself the opportunity to dabble in other peoples' business. She needed to pull herself away from that, if she needed to do anything, for she knew within reasonable doubt that it would not be long before she committed the same offence. This guilt, too, ate at her as she spent hour after hour in the baking sun with her three silent companions (she had begun to count the horses). So things were bad. But, in hindsight she realized, they got worse in a hurry. She wouldn't have seen the city so early on if she hadn't grown so accustomed to the look of a flat horizon. It was just a little dot on the skyline, but it was unmistakable: civilization. Charlie caught her looking easily enough. \"Don't go getting any ideas now,\" he said. \"That's Sierra Vista. We're stopping there, not staying the night, not pausing for any funny business. You make to run, I will shoot you. Do you understand?\" Will sighed. \"Why would I think of leaving?\" she asked. \"I'm having such a truly wonderful time.\" \"A yes or no will work just fine.\" \"Yes,\" she said, \"I understand.\" \"Good. Now sit down and shut up. We'll be there before it gets dark.\" \"Then what?\" \"Then we'll be there.\" \"No,\" she said, exasperated, \"after that.\" \"I suppose I'll get what I need to get, and then we'll shove off.\" \"You'll just walk into a store?\" she said. \"I've got two legs for it.\" \"Oh good then; my powers of observation fail me not,\" she said. \"Do you not think people will recognize you?\" \"No.\" \"Okay,\" she said in surrender. \"I recognized you, though. You might want to watch out for that.\" \"I'll take it into consideration,\" he said, in a tone that suggested she shouldn't hold her breath. \"Your conversational skills are truly lacking,\" said Will as she retired to the back of the wagon. Charlie Prince's company was about as good as having no company at all. They continued moving through the uneventful desert. It took a few hours for them to get close enough that Will saw the first building, if it could be called that. It was really more of a shack, far too small to give her the impression of danger. \"What is that?\" she asked. \"Someone's house?\" Charlie didn't answer, so she figured it was something he wasn't happy about. She studied it more closely and recognized it as a legal outpost, a jail in miniature where they'd keep drunks who were disturbing the peace. That meant that men of the law would be hanging around. She felt her heart leap. If she could just attract their attention somehow, let them know what kind of trouble she was in… if she could point out to them who it was that drove the wagon, surely she'd be saved. She shifted around. \"I'm just going to -- \" \"You're going to stay put is what you're going to do.\" She would have expected nervousness, but she knew by now that Charlie Prince didn't do nervous. His voice rang with authority and confident calm, and she did as she was told. She looked around for something with which to make noise when they were closer. There was nothing. She almost disbelieved the fact that she'd surprised him, he was so prepared for a hostage. The minutes ticked past and the distance between the wagon and the outpost grew smaller. Will could feel the sweat on her forehead beading and sliding down, but she was too uneasy to move to wipe it off. She wanted to be inconspicuous, knowing that if she attracted Charlie's attention, she'd be bound and gagged and shoved behind something with no hope of getting loose in time. Finally, from her position at the opening of the wagon's canvas, she watched them go past the edge of the porch in front of the shack. A man was standing on the porch, an officer with a wide brimmed hat that blocked his face from her view. Charlie cast her a quick look and she moved farther back in the wagon, her eyes on the twin pistols in his belt. Determined? Yes. But not suicidal. \"Hold up there, mister,\" said the law man. \"That's an awfully big wagon you've got there. What's your cargo?\" \"Nothing special, sir,\" said Charlie Prince. Will was sure the law man didn't catch the venom beneath the polite tone. She looked again at the pistols. Someone was going to die here, if she didn't make a move. She climbed up from the back of the wagon and made herself evident to the law man. Better kidnapped than killed. Better four more days of this boredom than another person dead in the dirt. \"Excuse me, sir,\" she said. \"We're just passing through. On our way to the border, you see, to take care of my sister's kids. She's very sick.\" \"Sick sister, is it?\" the law man said, looking up. Will felt her stomach drop. \"Now Miss Wilhelmina, I happen to know for a fact that you've got a dead brother, but not a sister to your name.\" Charlie looked from Will to the law man to Will and seemed to deflate slightly, recognizing the bad luck he'd come across bringing her along. Tough shit, Will thought bitterly, and gave the law man a smile that was more of a grimace. She recognized that double chin, those weak, knobbly hands, those endless dark eyes. The irony was far too cruel. \"Mister Hammond,\" she said. He smiled a near-toothless, slimy smile, looking her up and down in a way that made the blood turn to bile in her veins. \"Lord,\" he said. \"You're not a baby anymore.\" \"We really are just passing through,\" said Charlie. \"None of us need any trouble.\" \"The only trouble to be had will be yours, Mr. Prince,\" said Mr. Hammond. \"Oh yeah -- I know who you are. You've caused us quite a lot of trouble in these last few months, driving your money back and forth. I'll have you know that if you draw your gun on me just now, there'll be hell to pay.\" \"What hell?\" said Charlie, drawing anyway. \"You shoot me, and I will have you for gunning down an officer of the law. You don't really want that, do you?\" \"I could care less.\" He cocked the gun. Mr. Hammond smiled. \"Shoot me, then,\" he said. Will sighed. Only men. \"Okay,\" she said, \"so the way I figure it, there's no point in anybody shooting anybody. If you were going to arrest us, you would have done it by now. What is it you want?\" \"I could do with some money,\" he said, \"but now that I think of it, money's an awful common thing.\" \" What do you want, Hammond?\" Hammond grinned and turned to Charlie Prince. \"You can get on, no trouble to be had,\" he said, \"so long as she stays here.\" \"Fuck you,\" said Will. \"She's of a certain use to me,\" said Charlie. Hammond laughed. \"I'm sure she is.\" \"Alright, Mister… Hammond, was it?\" said Charlie. \"The way I see it, you've got two options. Option one: You go back inside and enjoy the rest of your quiet day, and have another one tomorrow and the day after that. Option two is the stupid option. Option two says you make a fuss and don't go back inside at all.\" \"Or,\" said Mr. Hammond, \"option three says -- \" \"There is no option three,\" said Charlie, and shot him. \"You know,\" said Ben Wade to the dark haired waitress he was in bed with, whom he knew spoke not a word of English, \"there are some people who believe that every action has an equal reaction.\" It must have been a few hours before the cavalry arrived. Mr. Hammond lay in the dark, his chest heaving, blood coming out from under his shirt and from behind his teeth. He looked up into the eyes of the sheriff and said, \"He shot me.\" \"Who shot you, Hammond? Who?\" \"Charlie Prince… came by… big covered wagon… full of money… had a girl with him…\" \"Can you describe the wagon, Mr. Hammond?\" asked one of the other men standing in the sun. Mr. Hammond grinned, his teeth outlined in red. \"I most certainly can,\" he said.[Chapter 9] Chapter Eight: Introduction Will turned away, her hands instinctively rising to hide her face. After the shot had echoed and faded out, she exhaled shakily, and in the silence that followed, she heard -- it was illogical, certainly, but she could have sworn to it -- the blood pouring from Mr. Hammond's wound, making little trails in the dirt. She turned around, her hands still foolishly raised, saw a flash of crimson and sweaty skin, and had to snap her eyes shut again. She was the farthest thing from squeamish, and did not think it was the sight of blood that had made the bile rise so quickly in her throat. Rather, it was the way her world had turned on its head in the span of sixty seconds. There was no such thing as security, as home, as life. Or, at least, it didn't matter as much as she thought it did, not when man could play God so easily. Charlie hopped off the wagon, dust rising in his wake. He walked to where Mr. Hammond lay and nudged him with the toe of his boot. The faint rasping sound that came loose was not enough to assure him that another shot need be wasted. He turned around, looked over the wagon's canvas, but it had been a clean shot: no blood splattered. Good. He put his gun back in his holster. Will watched all of this with what would have been curiosity, had her body been able to register it properly. The occasions upon which she had experienced this same dulling of the senses were few and far between: Once, thirteen years ago, midwinter -- this she remembered vividly, the snow on the ground, the frost on the windowpanes, and the way it took only moments for tea to cool and water to freeze -- she had caught some airborne malady and started running a fever. Matthew Slater (pre-bottle Matthew Slater, Matthew Slater with son and sanity) had tried everything in the book, every foul tasting syrup and herb in stock, but Will had remained plagued by fever-dreams and shockingly hot to the touch. Eventually there had been no other choice: he drew her a cold bath and carried her, shivering already, her temperature differed so from the one outside, to it. The shock was immediate, sprinting up her limbs and into her brain as soon as her toes touched the water. She recalled a blur of colour and a rather lot of screaming, and after that, the initial pain died down and the kitchen swam; she heard only the one of her father's voice, not the words or the expression in them, had only a general idea of cold, not an understanding of the feeling itself. The second time had been when Terry died -- when they told her he was dead. The pictures of the world had not flowed together then, as they had in the cold water; they stopped. What were words. What was time. Where was Terry. \"Is he dead?\" she asked. Charlie didn't answer. She didn't need him to. He took his original place behind the reigns of the horses, and she sat next to him, and, if not for the roaring in her mind, it would have been as if what was had never been. The wagon lurched forward. \"You didn't have to kill him,\" she said. When he didn't respond, she continued, \"You could have just left me there. You could have --\" \"I'm not doing you any favours!\" said Charlie sharply. \"What I did -- and everything I do, just so we're clear -- is for me, about me, for the greater good of me. You don't even come into it.\" Will raised her eyebrows slightly. She hadn't been expecting such a speech. \"Well good,\" she said at last. \"That means don't have to thank you.\" \"What you have to do is keep quiet,\" Charlie muttered. \"There wouldn't have been a situation if you hadn't run your mouth.\" \"Don't flatter yourself,\" said Will coolly, crossing her arms. \"In all seriousness, I think he would have died either way.\" \"You said it didn't have to happen,\" said Charlie before he could stop himself. \"No, I said you didn't have to do it. I never said that you wouldn't or that your nature pointed in a different direction. What I mean was, had you paused, thought about it, you would have realized that there was a whole other possible outcome.\" Christ, but she could talk. And the word part was it made a kind of sense. She was one of those people, he realized -- one of the ones who could sell you something you didn't want, make you commit a crime when you had no reason to, make hurting yourself sound like a plan. The Boss could do that, too, convince you to sell your soul for the price of a bank wagon. He frowned without really noticing that he was doing it. \"What's your name?\" he asked. This, at least, called for a ceasefire as she paused to think about it; he could almost hear the wheels turning in her mind, working to figure out whether or not she really wanted him to know such a thing. \"Will,\" she said, with an air of resignation. \"My name's Will.\" \"Will,\" he echoed, \"as opposed to… won't?\" \"Will as opposed to Wilhelmina.\" \"I see.\" This amused him. He didn't know why it amused him. \"Did your father name you, Will?\" \"My father is none of your business.\" Charlie chuckled. \"I suppose you'll say the same thing if I ask you how you know Mr. Hammond.\" \"I will.\" \"Well, then. It seems we've run out of things to talk about.\" Will sighed, and then said something that, to Charlie, was as surprising as it was accurate: \"You should have just killed me, Charlie Prince.\" \"He was driving the wagon,\" said Hammond as they lifted him onto the back of a horse. The metallic taste of blood was on his tongue, rising up in little streams from the place where the bullet had torn through his left lung. He was too arrogant to see Death standing on his doorstep, but there it stood all the same, ever patient for the clock to strike the right hour. \"Will Slater -- that's Wilhelmina Slater --\" \"Matthew Slater's little girl?\" said one of the men. \"The one who's gone and disappeared?\" \"The same,\" said Hammond, irked only slightly by the interruption. \"She's sprouted up since last summer, though. Wouldn't have recognized her, not for her mama's eyes.\" \"D'you think Prince kidnapped her?\" Hammond, beginning to doze now: \"Hell if I know, but it didn't seem that way to me. Seemed pretty quick to spring to his defence, for a kidnapping victim.\" \"And Ben Wade wasn't with them.\" Hammond was starting to feel dizzy, starting to feel uneasy. \"No,\" he said forcefully. His ability to speak was deteriorating, his words meshing together. \"No, he most certainly wasn't… but if Prince was going… Wade will be…\" \"Hammond? Hold on, okay? We'll get you to a doctor.\" Hammond shook his head, trying to clear it. \"Wade will be…\" Death stepped forward now, reached his hand out in greeting. \"By God, he'll be close.\"[Chapter 10] Does my long (long long long long long) absence even merit an excuse? No. So I'm not going to give you one. Instead, I am going to give you an action packed chapter, which I hope will at least kind of make up for things. As usual, not going to promise that I'll do better, because chances are, I won't... But I will say, whenever my favourite authors don't update, I hold grudges, so if you don't review, understood, and taken as punishment for being neglectful. (Know, however, that I am working on Chapter Ten.) Chapter Nine: Sees the Line They didn't even clear the town line before the cavalry caught up with them. The sun hit the horizon in a flash like a wink from a dragon's eye before the glare was cut by the flat line of the desert. The main street was closing down, signs being turned around, children disappearing with their hands in their mothers' hands. Will sat in the back of the wagon with her hands folded in her lap, nearly ready for sleep, though sleep would surely not be visiting her. By the time the first bullet was flying, she'd decided that if she never heard a gunshot again, it would be too soon. The bullet ripped through the wagon's canvas and landed in Charlie's right shoulder with a short tearing sound, fast enough that he didn't even have time to curse before he'd fallen backward like a gutted fish. Will flinched out a little scream, instinctively pushing herself away from the fallen body. The horsemen who had thrown the bullet came curling out from behind the buildings of the main street like smoke, their horses multicoloured blurs of foaming pelt. The few women remaining on the street ran for the last door remaining open, a dry goods store. The bell on the top of the door jangled every time the door passed back and forth between delicate hands. Will looked around for something to cover the wound with and, when she found nothing, covered it with her hands, the blood flowing up from between her fingers like a rising tide. Charlie watched her with an expression of perplexed surprise on his face. \"What are you doing?\" he asked. Will opened her mouth to answer him but was interrupted by the man who rode up to the back of the wagon. He was holding a smoking pistol up next to his face, which was broken into a wide grin. The horse looked about ready to fall over, and the man himself was skinnier than what should be physically allowed. Will felt her stomach turn. \"Wilhelmina Slater,\" the man said. Will nodded, not taking her hands off of Charlie's shoulder. \"Yes.\" The man pointed the gun at her, still grinning. \"You'd do best to step out of the wagon now, miss. Hands where I can see them.\" Will stood up slowly, ducking her head to avoid hitting the top of the wagon. The hot air hit her like a brick wall at the opening, and she had to squint to see past the sun's reflection on the still hot sand. It burned her bare feet when she dropped lightly to the ground. The man's horse was close enough that she could see the fine curves of its bones, the way its veins twisted around the muscle of its snout. She wiped her bloodied palms on the skirt of her dress and looked up at the man, who, still grinning, gestured toward his comrades with his gun. Will took a quick look into the wagon, where Charlie Prince was lifting himself up off the floor, before walking over to where the other men were dismounting their horses. \"Go in and get him,\" said the grinning man, backing away from the opening of the wagon, \"and cuff her.\" \"What?\" Will stepped back before the men even had a chance to step toward her. The man pulled a small handful of fresh bullets from the pocket of his vest and started taking the used ones from his gun, tossing them into the dirt one by one, replacing them with the new ones. \"Mr. Hammond expressed a certain suspicion about your behaviour, when you and Mr. Prince rode through,\" he said, putting the leftover bullets back in his pocket. \"He said for a kidnapping victim, you were pretty quick to avoid trouble from the law.\" \"Mr. Hammond threatened me,\" Will said. \"Any suspicious behaviour on my part would surely arise from his being the way he is.\" \"Nonethess, you have been found with a criminal in your party,\" said the grinning man, \"and a man of the law has been shot. You will be treated as guilty until such a time as you are proven innocent.\" \"And how long will that take?\" \"I imagine you'll be required to stick around town until a fair trial can be held,\" he said. \"Though I have to say, you haven't got a lot going for you. What's your story, Wilhelmina? A drunken doctor's no good for nothin', and I heard that's what your father is. Maybe you needed money.\" \"Pretty girl like you should have no trouble with money,\" said one of the men who'd approached her, the one with handcuffs dangling in his fist. Sweat had trailed through the dirt on his face, pooling in the lines between the fat on his neck. His lungs rumbled as he breathed, the watery rasp making spittle fly from his lips, which he licked swiftly enough that Will couldn't tell if she had seen it or not. \"I could think of a couple things I would pay a pretty girl like you for.\" Will reached over, quick as lightning, and pulled the man's pistol from its holster, pressing it against his temple. \"Is it part of the job description, for every cop in this town to be a pervert?\" she asked. \"Now, now... don't go doing anything foolish.\" \"Funny.\" She cocked the gun. \"I'm thinking it might be the most intelligent thing I'll ever do.\" She pulled the trigger without giving herself time to think twice, and almost immediately after, a second gun had fired, and the grinning man fell backward off of his horse. Charlie swung his legs off the end of the wagon and landed on his feet, stumbling around in time for him to see Will turn her gun on the man who flanked her right, shooting him square between the eyes. He heard footsteps behind him and turned, firing at a man as he pulled his gun from his holster. Will had run around to the front of the wagon, where three other men were dismounting their horses, reloading. She cocked the gun twice, shot twice, and two of them hit the ground, leaving her gun empty. She pulled the trigger compulsively, as though pulling it would put bullets back in the chamber. The man, half off his horse, laughed until a bullet tore through his throat, splattering blood in an easy streak on the ground. Charlie looked at Will from the other side of the dead man's body, the quizzical look still on his face. She glared at him and tossed the useless gun to the ground. He opened his mouth as if to say something (in retrospect, he couldn't think of what there was to say), but a wave of dizziness washed over him, and the sky tilted, and he was on the ground. As the adrenaline drained from her body, Will paused. He'd lost enough blood that if she left him, he would die. She could take the wagon and turn it around, find her way back home with more money than she could ever have dreamed of having, more money than she'd even planned on stealing. But it wasn't about the money, was it? Really, it never had been. She walked over to Charlie, knelt down, and opened his jacket to inspect the wound. \"The bullet went through,\" she said. \"That's good.\" Charlie coughed. \"Great.\" She closed his jacket again. \"If we get you into the wagon, I can fix this. I know how to dress a wound and treat a patient. I can save your life.\" He frowned. \"Why would you do that?\" \"For the greater good of me.\" She bit back a smile. \"Do you want to live or not?\" Did he say yes? Did he allow her to help him off the ground and heave him into the wagon? Did she put temporary bandages on the wounds, to stop the bleeding? Did she pull the wagon out off the main street and beyond the town line, watching the buildings get smaller and smaller as she left them farther and farther behind? Did she stop to clean the wound and wrap it properly? Did Charlie Prince remain unconscious until long after Wilhelmina Slater had fallen asleep, at which point, did he wake up, look at her, and wonder both what on Earth he had gotten himself into, and what she was planning? Did he disregard his uneasiness and return to a fitful sleep? If the answer to any of these questions were no... well, what more would be left to say?[Chapter 11] First, you'll probably remember (I hope you'll remember) that in the previous chapter, I said Charlie remained unconscious until after Will was asleep. This was true, until I decide that I'd scratch that itch I've been having to add some actual conversation. Hope you'll forgive me. There's also a bit of a supernatural element in this chapter; I tried to make it subtle and not corny, but it was completely intentional. So I updated pretty quickly this time, right? Maybe deserving of some reviews, right? Maybe? Chapter Ten: Don't Forget She had to hold both of his shoulders to pull him into a sitting position, which she imagined was more painful than Charlie Prince let on. From there, she hauled him to his feet, standing close enough that she could brace his weight if he fell over, though he wouldn't let her take it otherwise. He staggered his own way over to the wagon and found his own way up, half-walking, half crawling back to the place where his original pool of blood lay, where he sat beside the water canteen, his chest heaving. Will leapt up lightly after him and opened his jacket and the underlying shirt. When asked, he told her which trunk he kept the blankets in, and she opened it up to find them stacked untidily, still covered with dust from the previous night's camp. She pulled one out and ripped it with her teeth, tearing out first squares, covering each opening of the bullet's trail through Charlie's shoulder, then stripes, tying them around tightly to hold the bandages in place. By this point, Charlie's head was rocking, his eyes rolling, and when she'd finished and took his place behind the reigns, he had passed out of consciousness. She had told him to try to stay awake, but she wasn't about to enforce it. She only needed him alive. The main street was still deserted when she left town, but she didn't expect it to stay that way for long; somewhere, someone would get up the guts to leave their shelter and go for help, at which point she was sure more people would be coming after them. She could no longer hide behind her innocence; she had shot those men, too. It was dark by the time they were far enough that Will thought it fair to stop. She couldn't judge what time it was, nor where she was; she could scarcely see her own hand in front of her face. She lit a lantern and started a fire as the temperature began its steep descent, the sweat from the day cooling and encrusting her skin. She badly wanted a bath, but she wasn't about to waste water when they had neglected to pick any up today. Instead, she poured some into two of the glasses in the trunk Charlie kept near the front of the wagon, one for drinking, the other for soaking the dust out of new rags for Charlie's wounds. The silence was more uncomfortable than she would have predicted; she thought she would have become accustomed to it after the many hours she'd now spent in Charlie's presence. His words were seldom and none of them friendly, and usually when he opened his mouth, she preferred that he didn't speak at all. Now, though, in the flickering light of the fire, she felt as though she would have killed again (and again and again) for someone to be breathing next to her, not even talking, just existing in a conscious state. She'd never missed Terry so much in her life. She imagined him now, sitting beside her, lighting a cigarette on the fire, his long legs splayed wherever they'd happen to fall when he flopped to the ground in the careless way he always did. \"You're work, Will,\" he said. \"I can't even count how many times you told me you couldn't stand the sight of me. Now I'm gone, you can't think of what to do with yourself.\" Will looked up at him, studying what little of his face she could see in the dim light. He was exactly as she remembered him. \"I didn't mean it,\" she said softly. \"Every cruel word I ever said to you was a lie.\" \"No it wasn't. Not in the situation, anyway.\" He laughed. \"You have such a temper, you know that? How's a husband ever going to love you, if you get angry at every little thing? You need to learn to take life as it comes. Ride the river.\" \"What is this, a fucking life lesson?\" She tossed a log onto the fire, tears brimming in her eyes. \"I don't need any more of those. I don't need any more of this character building bullshit. I don't need you here to preach, I just need you here. I need you.\" Terry shrugged, stubbing out the remains of his cigarette in the ashen ground. He left enough of it that he could have continued smoking. He always did that. \"You're doing fine,\" he said, and chuckled. \"You're doing everything right.\" \"Then why am I here?\" \"You know why. Don't tell me you don't. It wouldn't be happening if it wasn't supposed to.\" Terry glanced back at the wagon, as if it were about to spring on him, and turned back, shrugging his coat further up on his shoulders. \"Don't worry,\" he added. \"He's going to die.\" Will looked away from the fire. \"What are you talking about?\" Terry stood, brushing dust off of his pants. He took a deep, hearty breath of desert air and shook his head rapidly, as though he were a dog trying to get dry. He then turned down to her and smiled. \"I love you,\" he said. \"Don't forget.\" She stared him out into the darkness, and then he was gone. \"Who are you talking to?\" Charlie asked, making her jump. He was sitting at the end of the wagon, his legs dangling over the edge. \"No one,\" said Will, turning around. \"I hoped you weren't going to wake up again.\" He gestured to the clean bandages she was drying by the fire. \"Then what's that?\" \"Prudent planning. Are you going to get down from that wagon, or do I have to help you?\" Charlie pushed himself off the edge of the wagon and walked over to where she sat, sitting across from her, his back to the fire. \"You're going to have to turn around,\" she said, moving. \"I need the light.\" They switched places, his face to it, her back to it, and she pulled back the shoulder of his shirt so she could see the bandages she'd tied on earlier that day. The blood hadn't even soaked through. She began peeling them off. Charlie watched her quietly, but he was itching, and when he couldn't take it any longer, he said, \"Where'd you learn to shoot a gun like that?\" \"How come you get to ask questions and I don't?\" \"This isn't an equal sided situation,\" said Charlie sharply. \"If I ask you a question, you answer it.\" \"What're you going to do if I don't?\" asked Will, laughing. \"Really. I've got it figured that you're not going to kill me. And trying to make any sort of peace with you is torture enough. What have you got to threaten me with?\" \"Say I don't get you home okay,\" said Charlie coldly. \"Your father will die.\" Will tied a knot in the bandage she was wrapping, snapping it against the wound in a way that she knew would hurt, even if he didn't say anything. \"You keep your mouth shut about my father,\" she said. \"You don't know anything about him, or fathers at all for that matter. I know your kind. You all may as well have come together in a gutter somewhere.\" Charlie pulled back and hit her across the face, calm as you please. Will felt her lip cut against the sharp edge of her tooth, and, when the aftershock had died, wiped the blood there, glaring at Charlie with flint in her eyes. \"Women don't talk to me like that,\" said Charlie simply. Will's hand shot out like lightning, striking Charlie's brow. He felt his head jerk back in an explosion of pain and recovered, reaching out to hit her again. She caught his wrist. \"Men don't hit me,\" she said, the blood welling on her lip and crawling down. Charlie stared at her incredulously. \"I'm not going to apologize.\" \"I don't expect you to.\" She picked up the bandages she'd dropped and continued with her methodical work, her hands moving fluidly. For the life of him, Charlie couldn't think of a thing to say. Then, grudgingly, he said, \"So where'd you learn to shoot like that?\" Will, just as cool, replied, \"My brother. He's dead. Where'd you learn?\" \"My father.\" With this out, there was little left to say. After Will finished, she put the rest of the bandages back in the wagon and rolled out the mats beside the fire, curling up with her knees pulled to her chest. Charlie waited until her breathing found its rhythm before sitting up to look at her. Asleep, her brow was still creased as though she was deep in thought, her lips in a taut white line. Men don't hit me. What was he supposed to do with a statement like that? If he couldn't control her, he'd have to kill her, but he'd never been wounded and on his own. He hadn't been on his own, period, for a long time. He'd always had the outfit surrounding him, the boss in front of him, something to do, someone to look to. Being alone out here under the gigantic sky made him feel like losing his mind might be just as easy as drinking or breathing or falling asleep. Maybe even precisely like that, like falling into a sleep from which there was no waking, rolling over and finding himself in an ocean of incoherent thoughts and women whose men did not hit them. And how, for God's sake, did she still smell like roses, after how many days of sweating out her skin? He could smell her over here, feet from her, could smell her from the wagon, where he'd lain unconscious. The smell filled his dream with flowered nectar like blood and the long green stem, the thorns and the rubbery leaves. He rested his forehead on his knees and covered his ears, breathing in the musky scent of his clothes, the cigarette smoke from saloons passed through, the sweat, the fresh air that was rarely more than still in the oppressive heat of the day. He wanted to squeeze the tender necks of the roses, hunt them down to the last petal and destroy them. Sleep came to him like an old friend, put its arms around his shoulders and eased him down, whispered something in his ear that could be anything but English. Charlie listened anyway, as he listened to everything around him, as words he'd never been intended to hear ate away at him. What was it she'd said? I didn't mean it. Every cruel word I ever said to you was a lie.[Chapter 12] Chapter Eleven: Hellfire They were the worst dreams he'd ever had. First, he was standing alone in the desert. The wagon and the girl had disappeared, as had his gun, his clothes, his shoes. All around him, sand stretched out like millions of lazy snakes lying belly flat and useless, snapping at the soles of his feet and reflecting the blazing sunlight into his eyes. The sky had caught fire. Up above him, it raged an inferno, spitting drops of flame down onto the ground, hissing, spattering like hot oil. From within it, a woman looked down at him, her face like a collection of all that had ever been, her hands reaching down to catch him in her grasp. He ran from her, but his feet grew heavy and the sand swallowed them. He tripped and fell into the rose garden. The thorns cut at him. They tore into his flesh tiny words he couldn't read but knew to be the broken oaths of men as wicked as he. One rose caught sight of the hole in his shoulder and grew there, its stem in front of him, its bloom behind him, its petals dropping onto his back and burning. He scrambled to his feet and stumbled through the harsh vines that curled around his legs and pulled him back. He broke them as he stepped forward, forward, and their thorns left red marks around his ankles like the leftovers of bindings. Above, the sky was beginning to burn itself out like all fires did, the edges growing blacker and colder. He felt himself begin to shiver as the sweat on his body froze, and then he felt the woman's hand on his back, hot and damp, and he turned to shove her away and saw fear in the mighty face. The fire burned out in her. Her eyes turned to ash and her open mouth leaned forward to swallow him. Then it changed. He was standing waist-deep in the middle of a lake, his feet not touching the bottom but more water, and below him he could see strange creatures moving in the depths. Great fish with hair on their faces and human skin along their bodies rubbed against his bare legs and slithered onward, looking up at him with empty eye sockets, flicking their bone tails and moving jerkily like newborn babies. He tried to push himself out of the water, but the water was thick and soupy and pulled him down as he fought against it. When his head went under, he saw the bodies: the hundreds of men floating underneath the surface in funeral shrouds, their hands reaching up and finding more nothing. Terrified, he swam blindly, swam faster than he could because he'd never learned to swim, swam with his legs kicking wildly and his arms propelling him forward, swam until he hit the bottom of the lake and fell through, fell from the sky and into the camp. Green Eyes sat on a rolled up blanket and Ben Wade sat next to her, tending a fire even though it was broad daylight. When she saw him standing there, she stood up and threw her arms around his neck and pulled his face down to hers and kissed him so hard it almost went right through him. She pressed every curve of her body into every crevice of his, and the lake water that dripped from his skin soaked through her dress. One of her hands crept down his chest and between his legs, and he started shaking all over again. She bit his bottom lip and drew blood. He pulled away, gasping, and she raked both her hands down the front of him, tearing away long strips of flesh deep enough that the blood that poured from the wounds poured rhythmically with his heartbeat. Her mouth was covered in it, her lip split as though from a harsh blow, the bridge of her nose crooked and swollen, her eyes blackened and half closed. Her dress wasn't wet from water, after all. There were three holes in her stomach, and liquid was pumping out of them and blooming across her torso, racing down her skirt, dripping into the dust. He put his hands over the wounds, trying to stop the bleeding, but it trickled through his fingers and warmed his palms. Behind her, Ben Wade stood up, carrying the iron stick he was using to poke the fire. He stood behind her and drove the iron through her body, through Charlie's. She coughed, spraying his face with blood. He opened his mouth, trying to say something, unsure of what, before his vision tilted at a most peculiar angle and they were both in the dirt. Her skin went pale and her eyes turned grey from green. Ben Wade stood over him and stepped on his neck, a gun in his hand now instead of the iron stick. He put the gun in Charlie's open mouth and pulled the trigger. Charlie screamed, inhaled, and screamed again. As soon as he did, he became aware of himself, aware of the cold on one side of his body and the flickering heat on the other, aware of the clothes on his body and the serrated pain in his shoulder. He heard himself screaming and closed his mouth to try to stop it, but all he managed to do was muffle the sound. He felt small, strong hands on him and opened his eyes. There was blood everywhere. Will was kneeling over him, her dress soaked in red. He had her wrists in his hands. \"What's going on?\" he demanded. She shook her head quickly, as if to say she didn't know. \"You were yelling in your sleep,\" she said. \"You tore off your bandages.\" He released her and she fell back a little ways, making room for him to sit up. The pain was intense. He turned his head to the side and threw up into the dirt, his stomach heaving and his body shaking. The fire was still blazing. It made him sweat. It made him nauseous. \"Lie down,\" said Will, easing him onto his back. \"Careful.\" He did, avoiding the bile only a foot away, the smell of it turning his stomach. He had never shaken so hard in his entire life. It made his head rattle against the ground. \"Jesus, you've made a mess,\" she said, inspecting the wound. It had gone ragged from his clawing. She poured water over the wound to further inspect the damage. Some strips of skin were hanging, others missing, and there were deep grooves where his fingernails had anxiously eaten at the open flesh. She tore him new bandages and removed his ruined shirt, making him sit up so she could rewrap the shoulder. He sat quietly, letting the soft sounds of fabric rolling calm his shaking. \"What were you dreaming about?\" she asked him. \"Nothing,\" he said instinctively. She kept wrapping, tying fabric and pulling it over itself, patiently. He reconsidered, and described the dream for her, scene by scene, skipping over the part where she'd kissed him and he hadn't stopped her. She listened to him impassively, concentrating on the job at hand, and when she was finished and he was still talking, she watched him try to explain himself as though he were a school child and she were his teacher. He refused to look at her, especially when he had to stumble over the transition from arriving at the camp to Ben Wade driving the iron through their bodies. He watched the burning embers at the bottom of the fire instead, the brightness stinging his eyes and giving him tunnel vision. \"You always talk in your sleep,\" she said when he was finished. He looked at her, wanting to know what she'd heard. \"Most times I can't understand it,\" she said, shrugging. \"Sometimes I can.\" She stood up and went to the wagon to retrieve a meal cup from one of the crates, into which she poured water before holding it out to him. He tried to take it but pain shot through his arm, so she held it to his lips and tilted. He gulped at it eagerly, letting it douse the fire in his throat, and coughed as it crept down at strange angles. \"Slow,\" she said, \"slow.\" He wasn't sure how it happened. There was no moment of anticipation, no moment that he intended for it to happen; he was looking at her one moment and kissing her the next, and the cup fell from her hands and into the dirt with a dull, metallic sound, and her breath came in one quick gasp and she tried to push him away but he held fast, one arm around her waist, one hand tangled in her hair. She made a small, indignant noise that only egged him on. When he released her, she glowered at him, her chin trembling with rage. He half expected her to hit him again, but instead, she grabbed him around the neck and kissed him, pressing her mouth into his just like she had in the dream, hard like a fall from a horse's back, knocking the wind out of him. He had to work to match her. It was hateful, that kiss. It made him feel like he'd swallowed hellfire. She flayed him alive for nearly a full minute in a clutch of teeth and tongue, and then, just as suddenly as she'd started the thing, she disappeared into the darkness of the back of the wagon and did not return. He had half a mind to follow and have the rest of her, but he doubted he could so much as stand straight. So he shifted carefully and lay back on the bedroll, looking up at the stars and the moon that hung in the sky like a pregnant belly. His body hummed, not with ecstasy or satisfaction or even curiosity, but with an animal hunger that tunnelled under his skin and made him want to rip free of it. Never before had he so wanted to eat his gun. He grasped at sleep but it wouldn't come to him. He lay awake in the gathering dawn.[Chapter 13] What's this? A semi-timely update? Madness, I say! Merry Christmas, to those of you who celebrate it. To the rest, safe and happy holidays. Chapter Twelve: Namesake Will woke late, something that would be a luxury if not for the sweltering heat that accompanied the afternoon sun. She rolled over and hit her head on the crate that had her wedged against the wagon wall and opened her eyes in a brief moment of confusion to inspect her surroundings, the canvas that stretched over the top of the wagon, illuminated by sunlight and turning the air to golden honey. She sat up cautiously, her movements tiny to match the tiny space, her bones stiff and her muscles cramped after the long night in confinement. Raising her arms above her head in a stretch, she caught a streak of red in her vision and quickly brought her hands before her eyes. There was dried blood on them, falling away in flakes. It had saturated the front of her dress so the fabric was stiff where dry. Some places were still wet. He'd been screaming in his sleep. He talked most nights, more now that he'd been injured than before. A majority of it was garbled, and a majority of that left her in ignorance; she woke to it briefly and fell back asleep unconcerned. Sometimes – rarely – she would keep her eyes open and watch him as he murmured to himself, and on these nights she was rewarded with names she'd never heard of and references she couldn't understand. Once or twice he'd startled himself into waking, but last night was something else entirely. She'd never seen so frenzied a look as the one in his eyes when first he opened them, and the way he'd grabbed her wrists, she could have been a runaway train he was trying to drag into the ground. The gruesome nature of his dream unsettled her as he described it. She had tried to act as though she had heard its equivalent a million times before, and she thought she had been fairly convincing, as she could be when the situation called for it. Beneath the facade, however, she was disturbed by visions of women made of fire, vicious rose gardens, lakes where the dead swam in their funeral shrouds... not to mention the prophetic scene in which a rod of iron had been thrust through her body. The nights being as cold as they were way out here in the desert, it sometimes felt as though the blood were retracting from the edges of her limbs back into the center of her, as though it knew the places it would be needed most, the places it would most likely be spilled. She shifted around carefully in the cramped space and peered over the top of the crate that had pressed down on the top of her head through the night. Beyond the end of the wagon, the ashes from the fire still smouldered slightly but the rest of the camp – the bedrolls, the utensils from last night's dinner – had disappeared. Charlie Prince was nowhere in sight. She glanced over her shoulder at the bench and gave a little start when she saw him sitting there. He was staring straight ahead into the endless horizon of the desert, both sets of reigns gripped in his hands as though he were ready to drive. Will looked away from him as quickly as she could, trying to play as though she had known all along where he was sitting. She felt suddenly embarrassed, like a child with her hand caught in the cookie jar. This man had tasted her mouth last night – it was a strange thing to have to admit, and the admitting itself made her feel as though she had disrobed in front of him too. For those few moments, no clothing had separated them, no air, no dividing line of dried skin, and he had known her in perhaps the most intimate way a person can be known. There was the other way, too, she supposed, but women did that for things as common as money. A kiss was something that was bestowed. Charlie Prince had gone inside her and taken it, and she had gone inside him and taken it right back. There was no avoiding it. It sat between them like a third horse, breathing softly and exuding heat. She tried to lower herself back into a casual seated position without making noise, but as soon as she moved, Charlie turned around and caught her eye. The expression on his face was readable only enough to be intimidating, and she swallowed dryly. He inclined his head in a way that indicated she should come and sit next to him, so she got shakily to her feet, ducking her head to avoid the canvas ceiling, and climbed over the bench to sit down. He flicked the reigns once and the wagon lurched into motion. Once the horses' feet got into a steady rhythm, Charlie hung the reigns and pulled out his gun with a terrifying calm. \"What are you doing?\" Will asked as he opened up the cylinder and shook the bullets into his palm. He put one back in and spun it shut. \"Motivating you.\" He cocked the gun and pointed it at her. Will's breath hitched in her throat and her stomach swooped low. She opened her mouth but no sound came out. \"Your name,\" he said. \"W-what?\" she stuttered. \"Um – W-Will. Will.\" He squeezed the trigger. Will jumped and the gun clicked hollowly. \"Who named you?\" he asked. Calmly. Will's chest shook as she breathed. \"My mother,\" she said. \"My mother named me.\" He pulled the trigger again. \"Why?\" \"Um. Because.\" She sought out a lie, but none materialized, so she told the truth. \"My name is Will because when I was born, it's what my mother called me. They put Wilhelmina on my birth certificate because it was my grandmother's name and they assumed that's what she meant. She died that day, so I never got to ask her; I only ever heard what my father told me when I asked.\" She said it all impossibly fast, like she used to when she was still in school and they asked her questions whose answers she knew but didn't understand. She waited and he pulled the trigger again. \"You haven't asked me anything!\" \"Yes I have. You never answered.\" She racked her brains as he cocked the gun again. Of course. \"Mr. Hammond was the law in our town,\" she said. \"When I was thirteen, my family held a Christmas dinner and he attended. My father and I had an argument that night and I went upstairs to my room. Hammond followed me and...\" Charlie didn't pull the trigger this time. \"And?\" \"He kissed me,\" said Will forcefully. \"My first kiss. When I pushed him away, he acted as though I had somehow solicited... like I had been leading him on. I tried to make him understand, but he got angry. Violent. He... broke my nose. And my wrist, when I tried to run away from him and he caught me. No one could hear over the party. That night, my father came in to apologize for yelling at me and I told him what had happened. He and some of his friends ran Hammond out of town. I'd never seen him so furious... Hammond was lucky he didn't kill him.\" She glanced at Charlie. The strange, indescribable expression had not left his face. \"And the other night,\" he said. \"Who were you talking to?\" \"Terry.\" She paused, realizing Charlie didn't know who Terry was. \"My brother,\" she added. Slowly, deliberately, Charlie turned the gun away from her face and toward the open desert. When he pulled the trigger, the bang like the crack of a whip reverberated in Will's ears. She flinched and squeezed her eyes shut for a few moments, until she could hear Charlie replacing the bullets he'd taken out. \"There,\" he said. \"That wasn't so difficult.\" Will stared at him until his gun was safely back in its holster, at which point she let herself relax. \"You look like hell,\" he said. \"Seems appropriate.\" She picked at the dried blood on her dress. \"Do I get to ask you now?\" \"I don't suppose I can stop you.\" She paused for a moment, trying to decide if she really wanted to know the answer. Then: \"How did you know about my father?\" \"I don't understand,\" he said, but she could tell from the little nuances of his face that he did. \"The night after you got shot,\" she said, \"you reminded me that if I didn't get home safe, my father would die. You don't know me from Eve. How would you know that my father is dying?\" Charlie shrugged. \"I'm not the only person who talks in their sleep.\" It occurred to her then that she had things in common with Charlie Prince. Aside from the obvious things like arms and legs and lungs, they could both ride a horse. They could both shoot a gun. She was sure that he knew as well as she did the places to hit a man in a fight. Contrary to her earlier statement about his father, he was the product of two people, had parents, maybe brothers and sisters. He hadn't always been the face on the wanted posters. He had fallen into step with Ben Wade somewhere, but before that he had been just another person. In the moment that he glanced over at her as he picked up the reigns, he was that person again. Briefly, probably not for more than thirty seconds, they were no longer outlaw and civilian, captor and prisoner, assailant and victim: they were two people whose paths had happened to cross in the wake of tragedy. She attacked him then, leapt up with a roar and slammed into him so they both went flying off the wagon and into the dust. Unperturbed, the horses kept walking, the wagon moving steadily away from them as she landed one, two, three punches on his face, tearing open her knuckles on his teeth. Blood flowed from his mouth before he lifted his knee to her stomach. She felt the air leave her body as it buckled involuntarily and he flipped them so he was on top of her, pinning her down. His hands went to her throat and he squeezed. As he bore down on her, the blood from his lips dripped onto her face, a sickly painting. She clawed at his hands, trying to loosen his grip, but he held fast, letting go only when her vision blurred and her eyes began to roll. He slid off of her and she rolled onto her side, coughing into the dirt. \"What in pluperfect hell are you doing?\" he demanded. Will shivered and fell back, breathing hard. \"I killed those men,\" she said, \"the men who shot you. They could have had families, wives and children. I knew that. I knew and I did it anyway.\" \"They tried to kill us.\" \"No, they tried to kill you,\" said Will forcefully. \"They tried to arrest me. But for some reason, that was enough.\" Charlie stood, wiping his mouth on his sleeve and looking at the wagon, which was moving steadily farther away as the horses continued to walk. \"Get up,\" he said. \"Those horses won't stop.\" He started walking, leaving her to pick herself up out of the sand and hurry after him, the heat of the ground swallowing up her bare feet and setting fire to them. She considered stopping, lying down, letting the desert envelop her and whoever should walk past next find her dead or alive. She had thought that people like Charlie Prince could not possibly understand their nature, that no one would behave so immorally if they didn't think that their actions were justified. But as Charlie Prince walked away from her, walked as though no weight had ever fallen on his shoulders, she realized that there was such a thing as understanding an evil act without needing to forgive it. When she thought of those men, lying with their heads split open and their blood turning to dust in their veins, it wasn't remorse she felt, but confusion. She had vowed to kill Ben Wade the day the sheriff had knocked on her door, her brother's blood still beneath his fingernails, for he had helped move the body. In many ways, though, she was just like Ben Wade, and just like Charlie Prince. She had killed those men not without consideration of the consequences, but without sentimentality. A tear slid down her cheek, and then another. You're doing everything right, Terry had told her, as though this had all been mapped out and she was only following directions. She wondered if this was what her mother had intended in naming her Will – if she had meant the will to survive even when the situation rendered death to be morally preferable. When a person found themselves on common ground with Charlie Prince, it became one such time.[Chapter 14] Whoa-ho! An update! I just checked my email for the first time in ages (I use a different email account for fanfiction than for personal stuff), and I had a lot of messages from one new and incredibly enthusiastic fan. (You know who you are.) I was deeply flattered by your praise and decided to write, in spite of the fact that I have absolutely no time for it anymore. Still intend to finish this story. Hang in there. Chapter Thirteen: Green That night, the sun tripped but, it seemed, did not fall completely. The wagon stopped when the air began to cool and Charlie got a fire going, split a can of beans with the girl even though he wasn't even approaching hungry. She picked at her own portion, and he was willing to bet she was feeling the same kind of sick he was, the sick of knowing that everything was about to come to a head, once they reached the dirty yellow spot that perched on the horizon. The light Nogales threw dulled the stars and drained the ink from the sky. He saw her staring at the place where they both knew the city was, regardless of whether or not they could actually see it. There was no way for him to know what it meant for her – not unless he asked her, and he was already worried that his curiosity was getting the better of him. She confused and fascinated him in a way he could only attribute to the natural ways of women. They made it their business to torment men, to fill their dreams with visions of fire and roses and their stomachs with more lust than a body should be able to survive. Being alone with her for only a few days, he'd had to grapple with this insanity countless times, the desire was so strong. And the desire only awakened other things, things like anger and fear and hatred, things that had him wanting to wrap his hands around her throat just for existing, things that got both easier and harder to bear every time she spoke. Her words distracted him and soothed him in an elemental, instinctive way, and for that he only wanted to kill her more, because it only sharpened the edge of his agony. \"How many days now?\" she asked. \"If we move fast, we'll be there by nightfall tomorrow.\" \"How fast can we move?\" \"Fast enough.\" He offered her the bean can and she waved her hand in refusal. He put it down next to the fire. \"What will you do after this?\" she asked him. He caught a chuckle in his throat, held it there. \"I'm not about to tell you,\" he said. \"Made that mistake once already, and look where it's gotten me.\" \"I don't want to know where you're going. I just want to know what you'll do.\" \"What I've been doing, I imagine.\" \"Which is?\" \"I thought you were intelligent,\" he grumbled. \"I know you're a thief,\" she said. \"That doesn't tell me anything.\" \"What do you want to know?\" She looked up at him and an understanding passed between them. Charlie Prince had seen forests before. Beyond the deserts of this barren state, the wombs of the world were fertile, lush with water and wood and green. At the outfit's cabin in the mountains of Colorado, trees exploded with wide leaves like open palms, collecting dew in the morning, whistling lonely songs at night. Charlie Prince had stood on the inside of windows that had never known curtains, watched the leaves burst out from claw-like branches, turning them soft, watched tiny flowers bloom alongside the delicate bushes. It was all so exhibitionistic, so bewildering. The first time he retreated there, he was used to hard sand with cracks so deep you could almost hear them. In Colorado, the world opened up to him, showed him water when he'd only known fire, showed him green when he'd only known red. Looking into her eyes, he felt like that all over again, like green was an alien language he couldn't understand, let alone speak. Her green spoke of forests where the air was sultry and fine, where tendrils reached out and lapped the sweat from the back of your neck and the bottoms of rivers were dense with moss so soft, even the rich couldn't afford it. An Eden for godless men. He realized he didn't need to explain to her the knife's edge he walked. Tomorrow, they would arrive at Nogales and would part ways, probably never see each other again. She didn't know anyone who knew him, and he didn't know anyone who knew her. There would be no speaking of this, no way for it to haunt them. \"I want to know what you do, when you're not robbing wagons and terrorizing bars,\" she said. He shook his head, prodded at the fire with a long, thin stick. \"I've never been the artistic type,\" he said. \"Never been the talkative type either. The truth is, between aiming, shooting and killing, this life is the only one I've ever been good at. When I'm not robbing wagons and terrorizing bars, I'm waiting to. I'm the one on the wanted posters. I'm exactly who anyone would tell you I am.\" \"No you're not,\" said Will. \"That man would have killed me.\" \"Maybe I still have plans to.\" She smiled. \"Maybe you already have.\" \"No.\" He tossed the stick aside. \"I didn't kill you... I don't know. I've never killed a woman before. I've never been the one driving a wagon to a rendezvous either. Killing you... it felt like bad luck waiting to happen. That was stupid, though. It was worse luck, keeping you alive. Hammond on top of everything else.\" \"He would have recognized you whether I had been there or not.\" \"I could have paid him off, if you hadn't been there.\" \"You could have left me.\" \"No, I couldn't.\" He paused, added: \"You would have told him everything. Nogales, the rendezvous. There would have been law all around that place by the time I got there.\" He thought for a moment. \"You didn't have to shoot those officers,\" he said. \"I've said that before.\" \"Why did you?\" \"It felt like the right thing. Maybe if I had thought about it first, I would have done something different.\" \"You ever killed a man before that?\" She picked up a handful of dust, tossed it into the fire. It crackled and sparks flew off the tiny rocks. \"No,\" she said, \"never. Deer. A wolf once, after a herd of cattle. Killing a man wasn't as different as I thought it'd be.\" She considered, said \"I'm not sorry.\" From the inside pocket of his jacket, Charlie pulled out a small silver flask that caught the light of the fire and threw it over to Will like a wink. He unscrewed the cap and drank cautiously, minding the fragility of his shoulder as the joint turned. Will hesitated when he offered it to her. She made a point of not drinking. Then again, there was something so pivotal about this moment, this decision that hung between them as he held the flask out to her. She took the flask from him, poured the sharp, stinging liquid down the back of her throat, bit the burn like catching a bullet in her teeth, and from that moment on, she didn't look back. ","Summary":" Welcome to my first fic! Since this is only the prologue, I'm not going to ramble on with a big int"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"For the Love of William Evans","Author":"licensetokill0108","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4214124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I don't own anything. Well, except Elizabeth and her family. It was about lunchtime when Mark Evans came riding into the yard. I'd heard a little of what had happened in town the day before, so when he came instead of Will to tell us, I knew something was wrong. \"Mark Evans, what brings you here?\" my sister, Rachel, asked as soon as he dismounted from his horse. \"Well, Ma needs a cup of flour and Will asked me to bring a message to Elizabeth,\" Mark replied, tying up his horse. \"A message? Why didn't Will come to tell me himself?\" I was dreading the response. \"Well, I reckon he would if he was still here.\" \"Still here? Where'd he go?\" Rachel asked before I could respond. \"He went after Pa. Said he could ride and shoot better than all the men who left with him, so he had a right to go too.\" \"Where'd your pa go?\" I asked, even though I'd already heard about Ben Wade in town. \"I'm not sure, but Ma said Pa had to take Ben Wade to Contention to catch the train. I also overheard them talking about how Pa might not come back, so he wanted Will to stay and take care of Ma and me,\" Mark explained, before going into a coughing attack. \"Come on,\" I said, leading him toward the house. \"Let's go inside. I'll get the flour your Ma needs and you can tell me Will's message.\" Rachel gave me this look as if to say, 'you better come back out here because I'm not finishing these chores alone'. \"Don't worry, I'll be right back, Rachel.\" As Mark and I came into the house, I lead him to the kitchen and I sat him down on one of the dinning room chairs. I went and got the flour and an extra jar, then came back to the table to talk to Mark while I measured out his flour. \"One cup right?\" He nodded. \"I'll give you a little more just in case. So what's the message?\" \"He said, 'Don't pay any heed to Charlie McDonald. He's not worth it and you deserve better.' I'm not sure what he meant, but he said you'd know,\" Mark told me, looking puzzled and apologetic as if he was sorry he couldn't answer any questions I had. \"Don't worry, I know what he means. He's crazy, but I know what he means. My question is though, why didn't he tell me himself?\" \"He left, I don't know why he didn't tell you sooner though, he's been mumbling to himself about this for almost two weeks.\" \"Hmm…okay, thanks. Well, here's the flour,\" I said, handing him the jar. \"And when, well, if he comes back, ask him to come see me as soon as possible.\" \"Sure, thanks, Elizabeth. By the way, where is everyone?\" \"Well, Ma and Susan are in town getting supplies and food and John and Pa are out with the cattle.\" \"Oh, Ma wanted me to thank your Ma for the flour and to tell John 'Happy Birthday'. Will you pass on the messages for me?\" \"Of course, bye Mark and thanks for the message.\" \"You're welcome. Bye Elizabeth,\" he said, heading back out to his horse. As I was putting the flour away I heard him say good-bye to Rachel and then Rachel's pounding footsteps coming up the porch, into the house. \"So, what was the message?\" Rachel asked, sitting at the table and looking at me expectantly. \"Not that its any of your business, but he said Charlie McDonald was no good and not worth the time of day,\" I said, importantly. \"Oh, what does he know, he's only fourteen. And so are you, you're way too young for Charlie.\" \"I'm not interested in Charlie. Will only thinks I am because of the errands you keep sending me on to find information about him.\" \"Did you tell Mark that, because if you did…\" \"No, Rachel, your secret's safe with me,\" I interrupted. \"I would never betray a sister of mine. That would be wrong.\" She looked at me for a long, hard while before saying, \"Fine, I believe you. Now help me finish the chores before Ma and Pa return.\" William Evans and I have been best friends for years, ever since his family moved here because of Mark's tuberculosis. Well, John and me have been his best friends, at least since Richard died. Richard is, well, was my twin. When we were three, Richard was diagnosed with TB, and like the Evans, the doctor told my parents that the warm, dry climate of Arizona would help him live, at least for a while. When Will moved in to the ranch next to ours, him, Richard and I became instant best friends, we told each other everything. Even our parents became great friends like we did, and Mark became the little brother I never had. Richard was doing so much better and everything seemed to be going so well. Life was good. Then one night in late November, Richard had a major coughing attack and suddenly his health went down hill. Within three months, he was gone. Since he was my twin, I think I had the hardest time dealing with the loss of him, and Will was always there when I needed him. Ma and Pa were real distraught over the whole thing, so having Will was a gift from God to help me through it. I'm the fourth child out of five, so being a middle child got me lost in translation a little with the rest of the town, even though he was my twin. I guess Will was so nice to me because he was afraid of it happening to Mark and knew I felt so bad, but it did kind of make us closer. John and I also became close after Richard's death and that's probably why he and Will became close too. John is the oldest of us kids at seventeen years old. Then there's Rachel who is sixteen, but she acts like she's thirty and the queen of the world. We fight a lot because she uses me to get boys to notice her. She can't wait to get married, settle down and have a lot of kids. Right now, she's in love with Charlie McDonald, or so she tells me. She recruited me to find information about Charlie so that's probably why Will thinks I am interested in him. I almost laughed when Mark told me Will's message because Charlie is five years older than me and I have no interest in marriage, at least for now. Next is Richard and I, twins, but he was born five minutes before me. No one thought that we would all make it out all right, but Ma, Richard and I all stayed alive and well. Richard was the family favorite, everyone knew. He was an all around great person, didn't even complain about the chores or work Pa made him do. He would have done big things, changed the world. He wanted to build buildings and bridges, and he would have been great at it, but I guess God had different plans for him. Susan is the youngest, born a year after Richard and I. Let's just say I don't think she was planned, but she and Rachel are Ma's favorite, perfect little darling girls. They always obey our parents and sit quietly reading or sewing, the poster children of perfect daughters. Me, on the other hand, I like helping with the cattle and horses, running around getting dirty, but Ma likes to try and force me into a way of life I don't like. She wants me to marry as soon as possible, I guess so that she can make me someone else's problem. I'm worried about Will. He has a tendency to run headfirst into problems and situations that get him into trouble. I really hope he and Mr. Evans come back safely, I know how painful losing someone is, and losing two would be horrible. He's a little rough around the edges, but Mr. Evans is like my second Pa and Mrs. Evans, my second Ma because of how much time I spend over at their house. I think I see and tell them more than I do my own parents. I'll go and help Mrs. Evans while her two men are away, at least to help Mark with the cattle. I'll ask Ma when she gets home tonight. Will cared enough to tell me to stop thinking on Charlie McDonald because he's bad news. Everyone knows he is lazy and mean to kids. Its real sweet that Will's looking after me with Richard gone and John so focused on his education. Will also said that I deserve better, which could mean that he…No, he's my best friend, he can't think that way about me. Well, thinking back on the message Mark brought me from Will, I knew one thing was certain. I am in love with William Evans.[Chapter 2] I don't own anything, except of course Elizabeth's family and Charlie McDonald. Mr. Butterfield kept his promises and more. After the train left with Ben Wade on it, Mr. Butterfield arranged for a casket and Pa to be sent home. Paid for it himself, didn't even take it out of the 1000. He took me back to our ranch. Well, I recon he did, I was a bit dazed the entire time. All I really remember about when we got home was Ma hugging me for almost the entire day and when she wasn't, she was arranging for Pa's funeral or hugging Mark. She wanted to bury him under the tree next to the barn. In fact, she didn't even scold me for sneaking out of the house. It wasn't until the next day that Mark gave me the reply from Beth to come visit her. For a while there I'd forgotten all about her and Charlie. I figured I'd go that day because her family needs to know about Pa anyways, especially if they are to come to the funeral. Plus, I need to see Beth, just to make it okay, take my mind off of things for a while. Riding up to her house, I could hear laughter coming from inside. How I wish I could laugh like that right now. After tying my horse up to the hitching post, walked up to the front door and knocked. I could hear the laughter stop, then a chair scraping back against the wooden floor and the light footsteps of a girl coming to answer my knock. When Beth's face appeared in the doorway, it was like a weight was lifted off my shoulders and I let out a breath I didn't realize I'd been holding. \"Hello, Beth,\" I said, feeling better just by looking at her. \"Will!\" she shrieked, throwing her arms around my neck. \"I was so worried about you. When Mark came and told us you were gone, that you'd followed your Pa and Ben Wade…I was afraid that you weren't coming back.\" I didn't say anything. I could see her family in the room behind her, and I was afraid that if I said anything I would not be able to hold back the flood of tears that were threatening to escape from behind my eyelids. She pulled back to look at me. \"Is everything alright?\" I shook my head 'no', but my attempts to keep from crying were futile as a tear escaped my eye and trailed down my cheek. She pushed me onto the porch before turning back to talk to her family. \"I'll be right back, we're going to go talk in the barn.\" She grabbed her coat and then backed out onto the porch, closing the door behind her. We stood there for a minute as she pulled on her coat and the tears began streaming quietly down my face. I hadn't really been able to mourn for Pa, what with Mr. Butterfield looking on the entire trip back. Beth grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the barn, then up into the hayloft. \"What's happened?\" she asked simply, pulling out a handkerchief for me to use. I hated crying in front of her, but I couldn't stop the tears from coming. I began telling her the entire trip from saving all of their lives to sitting holed up in the hotel and then finally about watching Pa get shot and killed by Ben Wade's gang. Of course I told her about Wade killing his entire gang because of Pa's death, but it was a minor victory compared to losing my father. Once in the barn, telling my story, I let the tears flow. She's my best friend; of course she would understand and not think any less of me because of it. \"Beth, I figured I could come talk to you because you know what I'm going through, what with Richard and all,\" I said, watching her flinch at the mention of her twin's name. \"I mean, you saw, you watched someone you love die right before your eyes too. I supposed you to understand. I'm sorry, I know it's hard to talk about and I shouldn't have…\" \"Will,\" she interrupted, taking my hands in hers. \"I'm fine, you needn't apologize about bringing up Richard; I'm not going to break. But watching my brother slowly fade into nothing and seeing your Pa brutally murdered are…completely different. I don't think I could stand here and say I know exactly how you feel, because I really don't. But, Will, I'm glad you thought about it enough to trust me.\" \"Shit, I shouldn't have come. Now you probably are going to go out and have a good laugh about me with all your friends. I should go,\" I said, quickly standing up and making my way toward the ladder. \"No, Will, I would never. Plus, you and John are basically my only friends anyway,\" she said in an obvious attempt to lighten the mood by mocking her lack of social companions. \"I meant I was glad you trust me enough to let me see you like this. I don't think any less of you because of it. In fact, I probably would have thought less of you had you shown no remorse over losing your Pa. I know how much you hated him for never doing anything to stand up for himself or the rest of your family. Anyway, I don't know how I would be able to handle this if it was my Pa, especially since Richard. Is there anything else on your mind you wanted to talk about?\" I wanted to tell her everything. Every thought or feeling I'd had since first meeting her, but instead I just shook my head and said, \"No, nothing.\" \"Oh, that reminds me, about Charlie McDonald, I'm not interested in him,\" she said, giggling, but I couldn't see what was so funny about it. \"Rachel is! She just recruited me to find information about him and possibly drop hints that he should woo her. I don't like doing it, but she's my sister and these bad errands she makes me do always lead to us becoming closer and it also prevents her from telling Ma everything I do. So, don't worry about Charlie McDonald. But, if Charlie isn't good enough for me, who, might I ask, would be?\" There was this mischievous twinkle in her eyes and I knew she was trying to pry the name of a secret admirer out of me, but I wasn't going to budge. I just smiled at her. \"Anyone and everyone is better than Charlie McDonald, but you will not get any specific names out of me, missy,\" I said, laughing. At least now she made the tears stop. \"Thank you, Beth.\" We sat there talking for maybe another hour before I had to head home for dinner. I don't want to leave Ma for any long periods of time right now, she needs me to be strong for her. I guess that's why I was so glad to have Beth to be weak in front of. She didn't need me to be steady, strong and constant like Ma and Mark did. Wow, come to think of it, looking back on all our years of friendship, she was always there when I needed her. I remember the first day met. It was two days after we'd made it to the ranch and we hadn't met anyone yet. I was angry that we'd had to move, my whole life was back in Massachusetts but I knew Mark needed the Arizona climate to help his tuberculosis. I'd gone out riding with Pa to go meet the neighbors and get some supplies in Bisbee. As we came up to their house I could see a boy and a girl, about five years old playing in between the house and the barn. The girl saw us first and ran over to the barn. \"Pa, new people coming!\" she shouted before pulling the boy over to the front porch and hiding behind a post. A man, whom I assumed to be her Pa came out of the barn and walked up to our horses with a shotgun in one hand. \"Hey there, who're you?\" he sounded a bit suspicious. \"Hello,\" Pa replied. \"We're you're new neighbors just across that hill there; came to say 'hello' and meet you. The name's Dan Evans, this here's my oldest, Will. My wife, Alice and my other boy, Mark, are back at the ranch settling in.\" At this point a lady with two other girls came out of the house and a boy, I guessed to be a little older than me came out of the barn. \"Well, welcome. Sorry about the hostility, one never can be too cautious out here. The name's Henry Johnson. That's my wife, Jane, with our daughters Rachel and Susan. The boy over by the barn is my son, John, and…\" he trailed off looking around the yard, obviously for the two who were here when we first rode up. \"Now where in the name of heaven could they be?\" He seemed to be talking more to himself than anyone else. \"The twins, Richard and Elizabeth are around here somewhere…\" he trailed off. Then suddenly, the twins appeared next to their Pa, as if by magic. \"Pa, you know I don't want to be called Elizabeth,\" the little girl said, tugging on his pants leg. \"Well, then, can I call you Beth?\" I asked, a sudden confidence coming over me. \"Everyone calls me Elizabeth anyway, but I guess you could call me Beth,\" she replied, screwing up her face as if thinking really hard about it. \"My favorite aunt is Beth, that's why I thought of it,\" I said, smiling at her. I'd only known the girl two minutes and already I could tell we'd be great friends. \"We should get going, Will,\" Pa told me, then he turning back to the family. \"But Alice will be grateful to hear of four females living so nearby. I know being the only girl gets to her sometimes.\" \"I'd love to have tea or coffee with her,\" Mrs. Johnson told us, walking toward our horses. \"Tell your wife I'll be by later to meet her, and I'll bring a cake too.\" \"But, Ma, I wanted some of that cake,\" Beth whined, running over to her ma. \"Stop complaining and be nice to our guests.\" \"I'm sure Alice would love to see your children too, Mrs. Johnson. Plus, Elizabeth can come, play with Will and get her own slice of cake. They seem to be about the same age,\" Pa said, smiling down at Beth. \"Alright, sounds wonderful,\" said Beth before turning toward the house. \"Come on, Richard, let's go play.\" \"Elizabeth, what do you say to our guests?\" her Ma scolded. \"It was lovely to meet you, Mr. Evans, Will,\" she said, curtseying to us, then running behind the barn with Richard trailing after. That afternoon they came over and her, Richard and I were inseparable ever since. That's how Beth both got her name and became the best friend I could always talk to. She knows what its like to have a brother with tuberculosis, how they always seem to get the attention. I may have missed Massachusetts for the first few months, but Arizona brought me something Massachusetts never had, someone I could spill my deepest secrets to and who wouldn't judge me because of it. Review, please! Comments, questions, criticism, anything is gratefully accepted…[Chapter 3] The Funeral The night afternWill came to see me, I asked Ma to let me go over to the Evans'nranch and help them with funeral preparations and everyday tasks. nHow distressed Will was today, I knew he'd crack if he was leftnthere alone. Also, from his descriptions, Mrs. Evans needed a break. Ma said I could, sonthe next day I took my horse and rode out to their ranch. I gotnthere right on time, or so it seemed. Mrs. Evans was sitting at thentable, weeping quietly and Will and Mark were right outside gettingnready to go wrangle the cattle. I rode up toward the two boys so asnto tie my horse to the fence. \"Good Morning,nWill,\" I called, leading my horse toward them. Will looked up,nstartled. \"Morning, Beth. nWhat're you doing here?\" \"I thought younand your ma might need some help with everything, and by the looks ofnit, I was right,\" I said, nodding toward the doorway as Willnmounted his horse. \"Ma!\" henexclaimed, attempting to get to her. \"She must have waited for usnto leave before…\" I stopped him from going toward her. \"I'll take carenof her, Will. You and Mark need to go get the cattle, I'll be herento help for a while.\" As soon as Will andnMark had ridden off toward the herd, I turned my attentions back tonthe doorway and Mrs. Evans, still sitting there, quietly sobbing intonher handkerchief. I walked up to the doorway and knocked quietly. \"Mrs. Evans?\" \"Oh, Elizabeth, Inwasn't expecting you,\" she said, turning her face away quickly. \"No, don'tnworry about it, I'm here to help. Just tell me what you need donenaround the house.\" She looked up atnme, and the gratefulness in her eyes was enough to know that I'dndone something good. I puttered about for a few hours, cleaning upnand straightening the house. Then I got lunch ready for the entirenEvans family, at least what was left of it. After a while, Mrs.nEvans' weeping slowed until she finally stopped, probably out ofnexhaustion. She sat at the table, still quiet, just staring out thenstill open doorway, lost in thought. It was about sixnhours after I arrived that the house was clean, lunch was made, andnWill and Mark came riding up to the house. Seeing her sons, a smilenspread over her face, and for the first time in five hours, shenspoke, talking to her sons and welcoming them home. I stood in thenback, out of the way of the grieving family. I knew how hard it wasnto lose someone special and close to one's heart. I figured they'dnwant to talk and reminisce alone as a family, so I snuck out the backndoor and made my way home for lunch. The next day, Willncame over to thank me, said they'd finally gotten to really talknand mourn after Mr. Evan's death. I was just glad to help, Willnhad always been there for me after Richard's death, and Mr. andnMrs. Evans had supported me in their own way as well. Will had also comento bring the message that his pa's funeral was to be tomorrow atntheir ranch. I assured him we would all be there and Ma came out andntold him to tell his ma that we'd do all we could to help. In the end, Rachelnand Susan made a casserole stew for afterward and Ma and I baked ancake and arranged the flowers Susan and I had picked earlier. Inasked Ma if I could go early to help Mrs. Evans and make sure thatnWill was okay, but she told me no because we were all going early tonhelp out. She also gave us a special message that Mrs. Evans was notnto lift a finger at all today. After Ma and Pa putnon their mourning clothes and Rachel, John, Susan and I were all innour Sunday best, we took the carriage out because Rachel and Susannwere complaining about riding horses in their Sunday clothes, notnthat we had six horses anyway, but Ma made me ride in the carriagen\"like a proper lady\". Truth be told, I didn't care none toonmuch about being proper, I just wanted to get over there fast becausenI knew it would be awful hard on Will today and he'd need time withnjust me so he didn't have to be strong. I didn't care, I likednbeing his shoulder; he was, after all, the love of my life, whethernhe returned the feeling or not. When we got to thenEvans ranch, Mr. Butterfield was already there, talking to Mrs. Evansnin hushed tones. Ma knocked politely, even though the door was opennand Mrs. Evans came to help us with our gifts of food and flowersnwhile Mr. Butterfield shrunk into the background. Ma refused thenhelp, but hugged Mrs. Evans for a long time, Pa standing next to themnwith his hand on Mrs. Evans shoulder in silent support. John wasnstill outside, tying the horses up, Rachel and Susan put the food onnthe table and I put the flowers next to Mr. Evans' closed casket. nI placed my hand on the lid in quiet mourning and 'goodbye' thennI turned around to see Will watching me. \"Goodness, younscared me,\" I said, walking toward him only to be enveloped in anhug. \"It's okay,nWill,\" I said, stroking his back. \"I'm scared Inwon't be able to hold it together,\" he whispered in my ear. \"I'll be herento back you up, signal me if you need me to come interrupt someonengetting particularly emotional,\" I whispered back. \"What's thensignal?\" \"Motion behindnyour back, I'll keep watch, I promise.\" Just then Marknappeared behind his brother and startled me more than Will had. Henlooked like he'd been crying, so I opened my right arm to invitenhim to join our hug, which he gratefully accepted. I could tell Willnwas having a problem holding it all in, but my almost younger brothernneeded me to help him too. We all stood therenfor about five minutes, Mrs. Evans and my parents, and Will, Mark andnme, hugging. Then when Rachel and Susan got bored and felt awkwardnenough standing there, they began to arrange chairs, and then pushednthe table against the dinning room wall. John came in and joined us,nthen after some silent signaling, John took Mark aside and I pullednWill out to the back of the house. Out of the corner of my eye I sawnthe tears in his eyes, so I walked a little faster in my attempt tonget him out of the house. Unfortunately, Mr. Butterfield had decidednthat that was a good place to sit too, so we startled him as much asnhe started us when we walked up. He, being very paternal to Willnsince the incident, came over to try and soothe him. I knew Willndidn't want this, so I quickly pulled Will out toward the grass. \"Sorry, Mr.nButterfield,\" I called over my shoulder as we ran through thenfield. We had to get away from there, and fast. I could feel thenhigh grass tugging at my skirt and stockings, but I didn't care. nHopefully Ma would understand that helping Will was more importantnthan my Sunday clothes. I don't know hownlong we sat there, but almost all of Bisbee was there when we camenback. Ma gave me a warning glance, but I'd explain later. We camenin holding hands, and I got a few disapproving looks from people whoncould only imagine what a messy-haired, dirty clothes girl and annequally messy boy would have been doing out in the field for so long.n They were wrong, of course, and I told them so by glaring, I didn'tncare if they were my elders. I was not that kind of a girl, plus,nI'm like a sister to him anyway. I stayed by him as long as Incould, but Ma came up and began to pull me outside, scolding me fornmussing my Sunday clothes and how I was ruining the funeral. She'dnbegun picking dead grass out of my hair when Will came out to findnus, my knight in shining armor. \"Mrs. Johnson,ndon't blame Beth. I needed her to comfort me and I couldn't letnMa see me cry. It's my fault her clothes are ruined and when I getnthe chance, I'll pay for new ones or make them myself or whatever Inhave to do to get her out of trouble.\" Ma stopped picking at mynhair and went to give Will a hug. I mouthed a 'thank you' to himnonce she turned her back on me. Ma began to consol him. \"Oh, my dear boy,ndon't worry about her clothes, small items, she'll grow out ofnthem by spring anyway. I just want the best for your father.\" \"Thank you, Mrs.nJohnson. Now, may I steal Beth back, I need her,\" he said, smilingnand my heart soared. He needed me! \"Of course,\" Mansaid, kissing the top of his head, then Will grabbed my arm pullingnme back into the house. When I passed Ma, she struck her hand out tonget one last bit of grass, and then let me go. As soon as we werenback inside, he begun to take over where Ma had left behind andnpulling stuff out of my hair. \"You really donhave a lot of shit in your hair.\" The rest of thenfuneral went pretty smoothly. Rachel and Charlie flirted a lot andnWill and me got off unharmed by either parent though Mrs. Evansndidn't seem the type to spank or anything like that, especially notnat a time like this. My family stayed behindnto help clean, then my parents left swiftly, calling us kids to comentoo. I hugged Mark and Will, curtseyed to Mrs. Evans then ran out sonI wouldn't be scolded. Will and I would talk tomorrow. We talkneveryday.[Chapter 4] The Aftermath of Contention Will and I met upnthe day after the funeral in front of his house. I convinced Ma tonlet me continue to help Mrs. Evans. \"Morning, Beth,\"nhe called to me as I was dismounting my horse. \"Morning, Will. nHow're things today?\" I asked after tying up my horse. \"Hmm…slow,\"nhe said, a cup of coffee in his hand. By the looks of it, no onenelse was up and no breakfast has been made. \"Mark and Manaren't up yet, but they need to go to Bisbee for supplies. I havento make sure the cattle are watered and fed. Help me?\" \"Of course, butnfirst, I'll make breakfast. Don't wake them up yet, let themnsleep,\" I said, walking toward the kitchen. \"Wouldn't dreamnof it. They ran this place all by themselves for days. I alreadynfed and watered the horses and milked our new cow.\" \"Ooo…a cow,\"nI said, mocking him. \"Shut up, it'sna big deal, Mr. Butterfield gave it to us yesterday,\" he said,ntaking a large sip of coffee. There was something that didn'tnsmell too right in the house. My sniffing landed me at his mug. Intook it out of his hands and took a sip myself only to gag and sendnmyself into a coughing fit. \"What is that?\"nI asked, between coughs. \"Coffee,\" henseemed puzzled by my question. \"Want some?\" \"Ugh, no, thanks.n That is not coffee. It tastes more like dirt. Didn't your manever teach you something as simple as making coffee?\" \"No, I figured itnout myself this morning and I'm damned proud of myself too.\" \"Will, you cannotndeny that this tastes bad,\" I said, seriously. After a minute henbacked down. \"Okay, fine, it'snshit. I know it tastes like shit, can't you let me pretend atnleast to have one victory.\" \"Your life isnvictory enough for now.\" I knew I probably shouldn't have saidnthat because he got real quiet, so I turned my attention back tonbreakfast. \"Eggs soundngood?\" I didn't turn around. \"Defiantly.\" A few minutes laternI had eggs, potatoes and coffee (proper coffee) made for all thenEvans' and I even taught Will how to make the coffee himself. Itnwas then and only then did I let him wake his ma and Mark. Mark was out first.n He came out and without saying anything, dug straight into the eggsnlike it was the last food on earth and he was a starving whale. Willncame out after he'd woken up his mother and said she was gettingndressed, and then he ate too. I had just sat down with a cup ofncoffee, I'd had breakfast at home, when Mrs. Evans came out lookingnflustered and embarrassed. \"Good Heavens,nElizabeth. Why didn't you wake me, I'm so sorry you had to makenbreakfast all alone.\" \"Actually, Willnhelped. And I taught him to make a proper pot of coffee. When Infirst got here, he was drinking something that tasted like dirt.\" \"These eggs arendelicious, Elizabeth,\" Mark told me after he had swallowed anparticularly large mouthful of eggs. \"Yeah, Beth,nthey're great,\" Will agreed. \"Well, MissnJohnson, I hope you aren't wooing my boys with your eggs,\" Mrs.nEvans teased, laughing and taking a bite herself. \"Of course not,nyou still make the best eggs in all of Arizona, Mrs. Evans.\" \"Well, thesenmight give mine a run for their money,\" she praised. I justnblushed and took a sip of coffee, I had, after all, learned to cookneggs by watching her. Mrs. Evans than looked from Will to me andnshook her head in disbelief. I looked up to see Will staring at me,napparently lost in thought. After they werendone eating and Mrs. Evans and Mark had left for Bisbee, Will and Inheaded out to wrangle the cattle. We found them about a quarter milenaway grazing. After, we began our trek home again. He talked thenentire time about his trip to Contention, especially about Ben Wade. nSuddenly on the way back he stopped talking all together. I hadn'tnreally been listening, more staring at the ground, but when henstopped talking I quickly looked up only to see him staring at menagain. \"Thank you, Beth.n Today at breakfast was the first time I'd seen my mother laugh inndays.\" \"Sure,\" I said,nblushing in embarrassment and just smiled at the ground again. \"Wenshould get the cattle in.\" He didn't bring up the subject again,nbut resumed talking about his trip the entire way back. I stayed all daynlistening to Will's endless talking. I helped with lunch, and thenntold Mrs. Evans that if she made dinner, I would clean up. She wasnvery grateful for all my help. I know this because she kept tellingnme all day long. After dinner, Will was sitting in a chair at thentable while I was cleaning up. Mrs. Evans was putting Mark to sleepnand giving him his medication. \"…and did Intell you, Ben Wade said Dodge City was the place where a man couldnget everything he would ever need,\" Will was saying. \"You could getneverything you need here,\" I mumbled to myself, getting angry. \"What?\" \"I said, youncould get everything you'd ever need here,\" I told him, louder,nputting down the cloth I was drying with and turning around. \"Forngoodness sake, Wade, Wade, Wade. Will, he's all you've talkednabout since you got home. In fact, I think you've probably talkednabout him more than your own pa.\" \"It's just thatnhe was nicer than people make him out to be.\" \"He's anmurderer, Will! He probably said all those things to gain your trustnso that you would let him go,\" I argued. \"No, he reads thenBible!\" \"Well, if you'renso in love with him, why don't you go run off and join his gang ifnyou like him so much! Or better yet, why don't you just go andnmarry him!\" I yelled. I couldn't take it anymore. \"What is going onnhere?\" Mrs. Evans came out, hands on her hips. \"I'm sorry,nMrs. Evans,\" I said, putting my head down in shame. \"I'mnfinished cleaning the dishes, I should get home. My parents will benworried.\" \"If they werenworried, John would have come to check on you by now,\" Will argued. \"If I don'tnshow up tomorrow it's because Ma wouldn't let me come,\" I said,nignoring Will. \"Well, thank younso much for all your help,\" Mrs. Evans said, seemingly flustered. \"Good bye,\" Insaid, grabbing my coat and bonnet on the way out. I paused brieflynoutside to pull them on, and then I began walking toward my horse tonleave. I heard the door open and Will's heavy footsteps coming upnbehind me. \"If you don'tnshow up tomorrow, can we meet up somewhere to talk?\" \"Not if it'snabout Ben Wade,\" I said, trying to control my anger. \"Don'tnworry about me, I've been in enough of your harebrained schemes tonprotect myself.\" I was trying to saddle him, but Will wasnfrustrating me and it wasn't working as hoped. He took the saddlenfrom me and saddled my horse for me while I watched angrily. \"It's yournfamily I'd be worried about. You just lost your pa, and if you gonto Dodge City, they'll be heartbroken. All you'll find in DodgenCity is whores, alcohol, and gambling. That's why Wade likes it sonmuch; he has no family to tie him down. In fact, if he did have anfamily he'd probably have shot them by now, that's just who henis.\" \"I don't wantnto go to Dodge City!\" Will said, trying to take my hands in his butnI knocked them away. \"Then why do yountalk about it so much?\" \"I don't know,nit's different, interesting. I've never been that far from homenbefore. Please, can I see you tomorrow?\" he pleaded. \"I've put offnevery errand that Ma and Rachel have asked of me these past few daysnthat I've helped your family,\" I said, still angry. \"Inprobably should do them now, it'll take at least one day, maybenmore.\" I pushed Will aside and bridled my horse. \"I don't getnit, why do you do everything Rachel tells you to do?\" Will seemednto be getting angry too. \"You know why! IfnI say no, she'll tell Ma about all those schemes that she'sncaught us doing, like the time we almost burnt the barn down…If shentells Ma, my life is over, they'll marry me off for sure.\" \"They won'tnmarry you off, your pa wouldn't allow it. You're his favorite,nyou won't marry until you're at least eighteen,\" he said,nblankly, as if he was lost in thought again. \"No, I'm not. nHe likes John best, at least since Richard died. Anyway, how do younknow that, my Pa hasn't even told me that?\" \"You're hisnfavorite girl, at least.\" \"You didn'tnanswer my question.\" \"I can't tellnyou how I know! If I did it would ruin everything.\" \"How would itnruin everything?\" He stayed silent. \"Will!\" \"It's because Inasked your…No, I'm not going to say anything, you'll laugh atnme.\" \"Tell me, Will. nNow!\" But instead of saying anything, instead, he came over andnhugged me, despite my attempts to get away. \"Stop it,\" Insaid, beginning to sob. I don't know what came over me, but I lostnit. \"I can't lose you again. I was so worried when you followednyour pa, if you went to Dodge City never to return…I don't knownwhat I'd do.\" Will chuckled. \"You'd probablynmarry my brother so you could help my ma all the time,\" he said,njokingly. I shivered at the thought. \"Ew…no, he'snlike my little brother. That wouldn't be right,\" I said,nlaughing myself. \"I'm sorry I've been so angry recently. I'mnjust scared you'll leave. You read those ten cent novels aboutnoutlaws all the time, I figured you'd leave as soon as you got thenchance.\" He continued to hugnme for another few minutes and I saw behind him his ma standing innthe doorway watching us. I burned my head in his shoulder so as notnto look at her anymore. I was afraid she'd be able to see how Infelt about her son by looking me in the eye. \"I really shouldngo,\" I said, pulling out of the hug. \"My Ma will have my hide ifnI don't get back soon.\" \"Tomorrow?\" henasked, hopefully. \"I really do havena lot of errands to do, maybe Wednesday,\" I said, mounting mynhorse. \"Bye, Will. Goodnight.\" \"Night, Beth,\" hensaid, waving as I rode off toward my parent's ranch.[Chapter 5] The Truth After Beth was outnof sight, I turned around and noticed Ma watching me. I don't knownhow long she'd been standing there, but she was smiling, knowingly. \"What, Ma?\" Inasked, walking back toward the house. \"Come inside andnget ready for bed,\" she said, turning back into the house. I cameninside and washed my face, all the while, Ma was staring at me. \"You've missednher while you were gone.\" It wasn't a question. I walked overnand picked up the drying rag Beth had been using and began to playnwith it. After a few moments of silence, I looked up and justnnodded. No use lying, she is my mother, she'd see right throughnit. \"You should tellnher how you feel. One day you might just turn around and she'll bengone.\" \"Not until she'sneighteen. I have four years.\" \"What if shendecides to go east to school and you lose your chance to some richnheir to the steel company. You never really know how long you have.\" \"You're talkingnabout Pa now, aren't you?\" \"I'm stillntalking about your 'Beth'. She doesn't let anybody else callnher that, you know. No one else gets to call her by any nicknames,nnot even her pa.\" \"What are younsaying?\" \"I'm not sayingnanything. She hasn't said anything to me either, it's just anhunch. How do you know the age eighteen anyway?\" \"I asked her pa,\"nI said, putting the towel down. \"He said no one would be allowed tonmarry her until she's eighteen and she can't be betrothed untilnshe's seventeen. Anyway, I don't plan on telling her anythingnuntil I'm sure,\" I went to hug Ma goodnight before walking in tonfall asleep next to my brother with only one thing on my mind. After making surenthe cattle were properly taken care of the next day, I decided it wasnmy turn to go visit Beth. When I got there I found her in the barn,nmilking. \"So, these arenthose important errands? Milking the cow does not take two days.\" Inknow I startled her because she jumped about a mile into the air. \"Will, younstartled me, I didn't expect you to come. I mean, with all that'sngoing on at your ranch. Aren't you supposed to build the barn thisnweek, or at least start it?\" \"I can put it offnfor at least one more day, plus, the lumber isn't in yet. Whatnelse have you got to do for Rachel and your ma?\" \"I have to goninto Bisbee to get some things Rachel wants. I promised her I'd gontoday, but you can come if you want.\" \"Let's take onenhorse, so as we don't wear out two good horses.\" \"As long as it'snmy horse, yours already had to come all the way here.\" After she was donenmilking, she collected her coat, bonnet, and Rachel's list ofnitems, which included stationary and a bolt of nice clothe for hern\"wedding dress\" as she put it. Don't know who'd marry her,nbut if they did, Beth would probably be free from doing everythingnRachel asked. I told Beth if we took her hose, I had to rode andnwould have to hold on to me. She agreed, reluctantly. We met a fewnpeople in town who gave their condolences to me about Pa, but thenentire trip only took about an hour because all Rachel asked for wasnin the mercantile and we were the only ones there. I didn't muchnlike the place because Hollander owned it, but he hadn't botherednus since Pa's death, so I figured I wouldn't cause any troubleneither. This ended up beingnher last errand of the day, so after we brought all the items back tonher house and Rachel examined them to make sure they were fine, Inconvinced Beth to come with me and sit under a nearby tree. Thengrass was green once more because the rains had come, and it smellednso sweet I needed to sit in it. We both sat with our backs to thentree for a minute before I reached over and pulled the ribbon out ofnher hair, releasing the single braid she had hanging down her back. \"Why don't younever wear your hair down?\" She pushed her fingers through her hairnto help it along. \"A proper youngnlady never reveals her hair to the public,\" she said, mockingly.n\"Plus, it gets in my face if I don't\" \"Let me guess,nyour ma said that.\" \"No, Rachel, butnshe probably got it from Ma,\" she said, laying down with her headnin my lap. \"Who'd know errands would tire one so much.\" I didn't saynanything, just ran my fingers through her hair as she closed herneyes. I liked being able to just sit comfortably in silence withnher. \"My pa was a heronthe day he died,\" I said, suddenly. She'd said she wanted tonhear about my pa. \"I thought younhated your pa because he never stood up for himself. Or for you andnyour brother and your ma, for that matter.\" \"I understand whynhe didn't now. Ben Wade is dangerous, Hollander is dangerous andnhe didn't want any of us to get hurt. But he took Wade to thentrain when no one else would. He told me to always remember that. nAnd when I have children, I'll tell them his story, theirngrandfather, the hero.\" \"When I havenchildren I won't let my ma get a hold of them. They have to havenmanners of course, but if the girls want to herd cattle instead ofnsew they can. But, it was good to hear you talk about your pa, thanknyou, Will,\" she said the last part, opening her eyes. We sat there untilnthe sun was pretty low in the sky, then we walked back to her housenafter she re-braided her hair. When we got there, Rachel wasnpractically jumping from excitement. In a manner, completely unlikenher, she came over and hugged us both, \"I'm so glad you two arenhere.\" \"I live here,nRachel, I don't exactly have a choice,\" Beth said, pulling awaynfrom her sister. Just then the door to her parent's room openednand Mr. Johnson and Charlie McDonald came out. After a nod from hernpa, Rachel squealed and ran to hug Charlie. Beth and I just lookednat each other, mocking them. A few minutes later the rest of thenJohnson family came in and we all had to be seated for Rachel'snnews. She was so happy she looked about to explode. \"I'm gladnyou're all here, I have an announcement,\" Rachel said, holdingnCharlie's hand. Oh, I knew what this announcement was. \"Charlienand I are getting married!\" Yes, I was right. Mrs. Johnson lookednso delighted that one of her daughters was getting married that shenwanted to run and skip and do all those girly activities. Instead,nshe calmly got up, hugged them both and began to give her daughternadvice about marriage. I wasn't really paying attention. When Inlooked over at Mr. Johnson, he was staring at Beth and me with ansmall smile. I turned to look at Beth, but she didn't look back atnme like she usually does. Instead, she was glaring at Rachel andnCharlie. Even when I nudged her, she wouldn't look at me. \"Beth,\" Inwhispered. Nothing. I looked over at her pa and saw no traces ofnpuzzlement in his eyes over Beth's behavior. Suddenly she stood upnand walked outside without congratulating her sister. Her pa wasnabout to follow her, but I got up first and told him I'd take carenof it. \"No, William, Inneed to talk to her, I know what she's upset about,\" her pa said,nfollowing her outside. I walked over to stand in the doorway as Inwatched Mr. Johnson walk over to his daughter where she stood againstnthe barn wall. I watched as he took her into his arms and whisperninto her ear, trying to control her sobs. It was the first time I'dnseen her act so weak. It was almost a role reversal for us, and Inrealized that I'd always relied on her strength, but nevernquestioned the idea that she might not be as strong as I'dnoriginally thought. I mean, I have seennher cry before, but this was the first time that there was no realnreason for it except her sister getting married and I thought thisnwould make her happy because Rachel wouldn't be on her back all thentime. Plus, I'd never seen her cry so hard. I know peoplenbehind me kept talking as if nothing had happened, but I wasn'tnpaying attention to them, only to Beth and her Pa. Eventually shenstopped sobbing, pulled away from Mr. Johnson and wiped her eyes. Hensaid something and she laughed a little, then she looked over to thendoorway, to me. I know she saw me, but without acknowledging mynpresence, she turned back to her pa, nodding. He patted her on thenshoulder and then began walking back to me slowly. When he got upnonto the porch he stopped, put his hands in his pockets and sighed. \"She'll benokay, she's waiting for you,\" he said, glancing behind him at hisndaughter one last time before walking past me, back into thencelebrating house. I walked out towards her and stopped a few feetnaway; she had her back to me. I don't know why, but seeing hernlike this stopped me from approaching her. In fact, I don't thinknshe cried over Richard, she was sad, sure but no tears. So seeingnher cry over apparently nothing was disturbing. \"Beth?\" I said,nhesitantly. \"I'm sorry,\"nshe responded without turning around to face me. \"It was stupid,nreally, I shouldn't have lost control like that. It wasn't rightnfor me to cry like I…\" \"Stop, Beth,\" Incut her off. \"You don't need to make excuses; you don't havento be strong all the time.\" \"But your pa justndied, Will,\" she said, turning around to face me. Her cheeks werenstreaked with tears. \"My problem is nothing compared to whatnyou've been going through.\" She started to sob again. This timenmy instincts took over and I hugged her as her pa had minutes before. \"What is it?nNothing doesn't make you cry. I've never seen you like thisnbefore, what's wrong?\" She tried to push me away. \"Maybe I wouldn'tnhave let you see me cry if I new this is how you'd act.\" \"Beth…\" \"Its just Rachel.nAnd Richard. I know he died over two years ago, but it's somethingnhe once said, the proposal just reminded me of him.\" I waited fornher to tell me. After about a minute, I pulled away and looked downnat her. \"He once had thisnargument with Rachel. Charlie had always been in the back ofnRachel's mind. I had a feeling she would marry him one day, I justndidn't expect it so soon. When Richard and I were in school onenday, Charlie came over and began mocking my sisters and me for beingnso weird. He didn't like me being such a tomboy, Susan for beingnso meek, and Rachel for being so obsessed with him. Richard stood upnfor us and Charlie beat him up before the teacher stopped him. nLater, Richard told Rachel what had happened because she wasn't atnschool that day, but she denied it could ever happen and Richardnnever forgave her. The next week was when he'd had his coughingnfit and was never completely well again. Now she's marrying himnand its as if Richard never even existed to her. She probablyndoesn't even remember the fight or anything we told her aboutnCharlie, now…its too late.\" \"She's notnworth it, Beth, and neither is Charlie. Soon she'll be out of yournhair and you won't have to deal with either of them, except maybenholidays and nobody ever likes their family around those daysnanyway.\" She smiled without looking up at me, but the smile didn'tnreach her eyes. I kissed the top of her head, and then led her backntoward the house. I pulled her handkerchief out of my pocket, Inhadn't given it back to her after that day in her barn and Infigured she needed it back now. She wiped her eyes and face beforenputting a fake smile on her face and walked back into the house. nRachel acted as if nothing had happened and Charlie glared at Beth. nI stepped up behind her and gave him a warning glance, he may be fournyears older, but I could hold my own, especially since the whole BennWade experience. After a while, Charlie made his excuses to leave,nespecially since he had to tell his family of his engagement tonight.n I followed him out. As soon as we were out of earshot of the house,nI stopped him. \"You hurt her,nand I'll kill you.\" \"Who, Rachel?\" \"No, Beth, younbastard. I know what you said about her and her sisters, what youndid to her brother. Try anything again and you won't make it downnthe aisle at your own wedding.\" He didn't say anything, onlynglared at me before pulling his arm out of my grasp, getting on hisnhorse and riding away. I walked backninside, made my excuses to leave, and then pulled Beth outside withnme. As soon as we got to my horse, I asked her to help me saddlenhim, through I knew I could do it by myself, I wanted to talk to hernand make sure she was okay. \"If he says orndoes anything to you, tell me right away,\" I told her, stillnbridling my horse. \"Charlie?\" \"Yeah, Charlie. nHow're you doing now?\" \"Better. Notnsure I'll be fine forever, especially around the wedding. Ma'snecstatic, she'll be talking about this all the time and telling mento take after my sister and find someone nice to take care of me andnstop my wild antics.\" She was just standing there with her armsnwrapped around herself and looking so vulnerable I had to hug her. \"I have to go,nbut I'll see you tomorrow. I'm not sure when or where, but I'llnmake time.\" I got onto my horse and rode off. When I looked back Incould see her standing where I left her and her pa in the doorwaynbehind her. \"I can'tnbelieve she didn't tell me!\" The next day I was ranting to Manabout Beth not trusting me enough to tell me about what Charlie hadnsaid to her and her brother. \"Who didn'tntell you what?\" I turned around quickly to see the object of ournconversation standing in the doorway with a basket in her hand. \"Manasked me to bring this loaf of bread over and to invite your familynto Rachel's wedding on Saturday.\" \"So soon? Theynwere just engaged yesterday!\" I said in disbelief. \"She reallynwanted to marry him fast. Now whom were you talking about when Inwalked up?\" \"Uh…Susan.\" \"My sister?\" \"Yes, she has ansecret. She likes someone. She likes Mark!\" I said, making it upnoff the top of my head. \"I'll take thenbread, thank your ma for me,\" Ma said walking over to accept Beth'snbasket. \"No, she doesnnot. You are such a liar, William Evans,\" she said, pushing hernbonnet of her head and taking her gloves off. We talked for a whilenbefore she said she had to go, but we weren't done talking, so Inasked Ma if I could accompany her a she distributed wedding news. Indidn't know why Rachel wasn't announcing it herself, but at leastnit gave us time to talk. When we finally returned home after aboutntwo hours, Beth stood on her tiptoes and kissed my cheek. \"Thank you, Will.n I probably would have gone crazy without you there with me today.\"n And just like that, she left, heading off over the Arizona plains tonher own home. I don't know how long I stood there watching hernwalk away, but when Mark opened the door, Beth was not visiblenanymore. \"Will, Ma saysndinner is ready.\" \"Tell her I'llnbe in in a minute.\" Instead, Ma came out and brushed a hair behindnmy ear. \"Do somethingnabout it,\" I just looked at her startled. \"Tell her, she isn'tngoing to wait around forever for you.\" \"I can't. Nonone can do anything for three years, remember, so what's thenpoint?\" Ma just looked at me for a while before turning me aroundnand walking me inside for dinner.[Chapter 6] CH 6 - The Wedding Life at home was sonhectic in the days approaching Rachel's wedding. John and Pa werenlucky, as men, they didn't have to help. Rachel needed everythingnto be perfect, especially attendance. Practically all of Bisbee andnthe surrounding area was invited and lucky me had to go door-to-door,nranch to ranch to invite them. Finally the day ofnthe wedding came, and I was so excited to be rid of her. She's madenmy life a living hell for years, you can't blame me for wanting tonbe rid of her. She was a beautiful bride, of course, and Will wasnthere to help me through it without screaming. After the ceremonynthere was a small celebration; food, music, dancing. Usually I lovednto hear Pa's fiddle, but it seemed so out of place, I couldn'tntake it. Will and I ran off to go sit under a tree again and justntalk. Soon though, it got dark, so we headed back just in time tonsee Rachel and Charlie off. They were to live at the McDonald ranchnfor now until they could get one of their own. After that, lifentook to a certain path. Will and Mark would herd cattle while I didnchores at home. After lunch the Evans boys worked on the barn, and Inwould either help Mrs. Evans or do more chores for Ma. After that,nWill and I would talk and have dinner at either house. Life went onnlike this for a while, then about three months after the wedding,nJohn had exciting news for us. He'd been accepted at BostonnCollege where he would go to become a doctor. He left us on thentrain from Contention about a week later; we weren't sure if wenwould ever see him again. With John gone, itnbecame harder and harder for Will and I to see each other regularly. nWith only two of us kids now, all the chores went to us. I was justnabout going mad, living there and never seeing the outside world,naway from our ranch. Susan is, well, Susan is meek and though shenmay be better than Rachel, she isn't much fun to talk to. Withinnthe next seven months I was allowed out only once, Will's birthday,nso I could go celebrate with them. Besides that day I saw him onlynabout five times, including my own fifteenth birthday aboutntwo-and-a-half months after Will's. Then finally, one day it wasnlike a miracle had descended upon us. I was feeding the chickensnwhen Ma walked up behind me. \"You should gonvisit the Evans' today.\" I stopped what I was doing and turnednaround to search her face and make sure she wasn't kidding. \"But, Ma, I havenchores\" \"Susan and I willntake care of them, go on,\" she told me, grabbing the bucket of seednout of my hands. \"Wait, Ma…\" \"Don't arguenwith me, Elizabeth.\" \"Yes, mamm. MaynI ask one question? Why are you letting me go? Especially now, afternfive months confinement.\" \"You looked sonsad out here, and every day, really. I recon you needed a break.\" \"Thank you, Ma,\"nI said, hugging her then running off to the barn to ready my horse. \"Be careful!\"nshe called after me as I made my way off the ranch. Oh freedom, sweetnfreedom, I've missed you so. I hadn't been allowed to go riding.n I missed the wind in my hair and the speed at which we moved overnthe land. About halfway there I pulled my ribbon out of my braid andntied my hair back into a half-ponytail. It still kept my hair out ofnmy face, but I could feel the wind in it better. Plus, Will said henliked it down, so I decided to do it for him. When I got to thenhouse, he wasn't there. In fact, nobody was there. I startednworrying about what had happened to them all when Mrs. Evans walkedninto the yard. Instead of her bonnet being on her head though, shenwas swinging it back it's straps. She looked more at peace thannI'd seen her in a long time. \"Good morning,nMrs. Evans,\" I called from the porch. \"Oh, goodnmorning, Elizabeth. What brings you here?\" \"Well, Ma gave menthe day to do whatever I wanted, so I decided to come visit Will, butnhe's not here.\" \"He and Mark arenout with the cattle, they should be back by lunch. I have to go intonBisbee to get some items though, if you'd like to come.\" I said I did, andnafter retrieving some money, we set off toward town. The trip wasnrather uneventful until we went to see the new doctor. Mrs. Evans'nwrist had been bothering her so she wanted the doctor to look at it,nbut when we got there, someone was already on his table and givingnbirth by the sound of it. When we got closer,nwe saw that it was (Emma), the barmaid, but there wasn't anyonenelse beside the doctor, no sign of a father. I didn't even knownshe was pregnant, but then again, I never go into the Saloon and Inhadn't been off the ranch in a while either. Mrs. Evans, beingnher usual helpful self rushed over to see if the doctor needed anynhelp. We both ended up holding (Emma's) hands until the very endnwhen the baby came. Grabbing a towel, I wrapped the baby up afternthe doctor made sure she was breathing. And that's when it wentndownhill. (Emma) hadn't stopped bleeding. In fact, it wasnprobably getting worse. But there was nothing the doctor could do tonstop the bleeding, (Emma) was going and I was left there, holding hernbaby girl. \"Promise me,nshe'll have a home. Promise me she'll be safe,\" she said, hernbreathing ragged. \"I promise,\" Insaid quickly, without thinking. And just like that, she was gone. Itnwas as if she had been holding on just long enough to make sure thatnher baby wasn't going to be left in this world alone. This morning, I started for the Evans'nranch and now I was coming home with a baby. Oh, Ma's not going tonlike this.[Chapter 7] CH 7 - Meet the Baby When Mrs. Evans andnI returned to her ranch with the new baby girl, Will and Mark werenalready there. \"Beth!\" Willncalled out, running over to meet us. \"Shh…\" hisnmom scolded. \"We just got her to sleep.\" \"Will, I want younto meet the new addition to the family,\" I said, leaning over thenhorse to show him. \"What?\" He wasnvery confused. \"How did you…\" \"We'll explainnin a minute, just hold her while I get down, would you?\" He looked a littlententative, but took her from me anyway. After a few moments, henrelaxed and smiled down at her. \"She's cute. nWhat's her name?\" \"Well, we haven'tndecided yet.\" \"Let's get herninside you two,\" Mrs. Evans scolded us, marching Mark in ahead ofnher as well. \"So…\" Willnpromted as he sat down at the table with her still in his arms. nStarting from me getting a free day all the way to the ride home, Intold him and Mark the story. \"The sheriff saidnthe judge would be by to make everything legal, but he wasn't surenwhen he was due in, so she'll stay with us in the meantime.\" \"By us you mean…\" \"Your ma and I. nWe agreed that I'd be her ma and she'd be her grandma.\" \"What am I then?\"nMark chimed in suddenly. He was too enthralled by the new baby. \"I was thinkingnUncle Mark. Does that sound good?\" He nodded eagerly and smiledndown at the baby. \"Can I hold her?\"nhe asked. \"Of course,\" Inreplied as Will reluctantly handed her over to his little brother. nAlmost immediately she woke up and began to wail, but before Mrs.nEvans or I could reach her, Will had her again and stopped crying. \"She must likenyou,\" I told Will, peaking over his shoulder down at the baby. \"Yeah,\" henagreed, absently. \"So what is her name?\" \"I like the namenBridget,\" I said, looking up at Will. \"I like the namenSarah,\" he said, meeting my gaze almost in a challenge. \"Compromise,\"nMrs. Evans said from behind us. \"Sarah Bridget.\" \"I like it,\" Insaid as Will nodded in agreement. \"Sarah BridgetnEvans,\" Will said, looking down at her again. \"But we can callnher Bridget.\" \"Evans?\" \"Yes, Evans.\" \"Who said hernlast name was Evans? Mine is Johnson.\" \"Yes, but yournname will change when you get married.\" \"And?\" \"And you're thenma and the name must be from the father's side of the family. Sonif my ma is the grandma also, she must be from the father's side ofnthe famly. Then her last name must be Evans.\" \"But she doesn'tnhave a pa, Will.\" \"What about me?\" \"What about you?\" \"I thought I'dnbe her pa.\" \"Will…\" \"She's thengranddaughter of my ma and my only brother, my only sibling, is thenuncle, making me Pa. Everyone needs a pa.\" I didn't knownwhat to say. Mentioning the fact that he didn't have one seemedncruel, but I couldn't think of anything else in that moment. \"What if I getnmarried to someone else? He'll want to be her pa too.\" \"Too bad, I wasnhere first.\" \"You are being sonchildish about this, Will…\" In that moment, I was cut off bynBridget's screams. \"You two, stopnyour bickering, you're making her cry,\" Mrs. Evans scolded us,ntaking Bridget out of Will's arms and giving her to Mark so hencould finally hold her. We were both silentnfor a moment as I thought about it, then I gave in to his pleadingnlooks. \"Fine, you can benher pa. But you have to explain your logic to my parents. Your manalready agreed to tell Ma the story of why I now have a baby as annunmarried young woman. Especially sine it's before even Rachel isnpregnant.\" \"Where is shensleeping?\" \"Here. Your mansaid she could have the trundle under her bed.\" \"I can'tnbelieve it's possible to love someone so much when you've knownnthem for five minutes.\" I just smiled atnhim. He and Mark were being so sweet with Bridget. I knew Marknwould make a great uncle and that Will would be a wonderful Pa asnwell. But under the happiness and love surrounding Will, I could seenhis mind thinking real hard about something. Some time later,nafter we'd gotten Bridget to sleep on the trundle with a bunch ofnblankets surrounding her to prevent her from rolling off, Will and Inheaded outside and sat on the porch, watching as the first starsnbegan to appear overhead. \"What were younthinking about when you first held Bridget?\" \"Hmm?\" henasked, apparently lost in thought again. \"When I first heldnBridget?\" \"Yes, you lookednlike you were thinking very hard about something important.\" \"I was thinkingnabout our future… my future,\" he corrected himself. \"Our future?\"nHe wasn't getting off that easily, I'd heard him. \"Yeah,\" he saidnresigned. \"You, me and Bridget.\" \"I was afraid ofnthat. This is why I wanted you to be uncle as well.\" \"What?\" hensounded surprised. \"In a few yearsnwe'll both marry and what will happen to Bridget then? Will shencall your wife Ma as well? And how do you explain it when peoplenthink I had a child at fifteen out of wedlock with you, I mean therenare already enough rumors going around.\" \"One question atna time,\" he said, putting his arm around my shoulder and drawing mennearer to him. \"First, not exactly what I was thinking about. Inwas looking forward to raising our daughter, not worrying about thenfuture. Second, if we do both get married separately we'll have tonstay near each other, you're not getting away that easily, you'renmy best friend, I need you.\" \"If?\" I asked,nskeptically. Was he saying no one would marry me or that no one wouldnmarry him or maybe something else entirely? Was he saying he wouldnmarry me? \"Don'tninterrupt!\" he scolded, jokingly. \"As I was saying, thirdly, younexplain she was adopted. Out of the kindness of your heart you tooknthis child in when no one was there for her. None of us are actuallynrelated other than legally, or it will be legal as soon as the judgenarrives. And last, but certainly not least, no one will ever replacenyou as Bridget's ma.\" I was so surprisednto hear him say the last part that I jerked my head up fast, narrowlynmissing his chin. He was staring down at me, smiling. His answernwas perfect and he knew it. I smiled back. \"Why WilliamnEvans, I do believe you've gone soft. Did it really only take anbaby girl to do this to you?\" I teased him. \"But really, thanknyou, Will.\" \"Anytime,\" hentold me as I laid my head on his shoulder, staring up at the nightnsky.[Chapter 8] CH 8 – Meet the Parents We didn't go thatnnight to tell my parents about Bridget, but Mrs. Evans and Willnagreed to bring her over to our ranch the next day to break the newsnto my parents. \"Younwhat?\" \"She'snso cute!\" \"AndnWill's the father?\" Thesenwere the replies from Ma, Susan, and Pa respectively. Susan wasnalways a sucker for babies. \"No,nPa. Will's not the father, but legally he will be her pa as I amnher ma when the judge comes to town,\" I explained. \"Takingnon a baby is a lot of responsibility, young lady.\" \"Inknow, Pa, but I can do it! I always end up taking care of the kidsnwhen relatives come over to visit.\" \"Babysittingnand parenting are very different.\" \"Henry,nI am also taking care of Bridget and I have raised two sons already,\"nMrs. Evans chimed in. \"Asnwhat, her second mother?\" Ma snapped. I knew she wasn't going tontake this news well. \"Grandmother,nactually. Besides, I have always wanted a girl and without Dan Infeel the need to help this child who has no one else in the world.\" \"Thenndon't bring my daughter into it,\" Ma said, still angry. \"Shendidn't, Ma! I volunteered and she backed me up. She agreed to helpnme when the sheriff thought I was too young.\" \"AndnWilliam? Why him?\" \"Withnall due respect, Mr. Johnson, I requested to be her pa. I'd donanything for that child and to help Beth. Beth loves helping people,nshe always has, even before Richard died, but especially since. Shenvisited us everyday after Pa's death because she wanted to help us,nnot just because I'm her best friend. And if another child was allnalone and Beth wanted to help, I'd always be there, beside her.\" Therenwas a few moments of silence where Will and Pa were exchangingnknowing glances before Pa nodded and Will relaxed. \"Alright,nI'm fine with Elizabeth and William raising Bridget with Mrs.nEvans' help, of course. But only if I am Grandpa Henry.\" Inlaughed and threw my arms around his neck. \"Thanknyou so much, Pa. You won't regret this decision, I promised.\" Manstill seemed a little put-out, but I chose not to notice as I rannover and picked up Bridget from Mrs. Evans' arms. \"Didnyou hear that? Grandpa Henry is okay with you being here.\" Intook her over to show Pa his new granddaughter. \"Donyou want to hold her?\" \"Ofncourse,\" Pa said, taking her from my arms, and just as Will had, Insaw this big, strict man turn into a gibberish-talking softie innfront of my eyes. Manstill wasn't swayed. \"ElizabethnJohnson, I send you out to visit your friend and you repay me byncoming home with a baby! Do you know what gossip will go around, likenthere isn't enough gossip about you and William anyway?\" \"Jane,nif she wants to save the entire world single-handedly, we should notntry and stand in her way,\" Pa said, walking over to her, stillnholding Bridget. \"Now, do you want to hold your granddaughter ornnot?\" Mansat there thinking about it for a moment, but she finally gave in andnreached out her arms for the baby. I could see her face light up andnI knew she'd accepted Bridget into our family.[Chapter 9] CH 9 – Life Goes On Bridget had to benthe cutest baby in the world. There was no other explanation for whynI'd loved her so soon after Beth first handed her to me. Withna new baby to take care of, Beth came every day without fail, doingnodd and end things around the house. We lived this way for months. nSometimes she'd take Bridget to see her parents, but mostly theynstayed on the ranch or went to Bisbee for goods. Thennat night Beth and I would put Bridget down to sleep and once she wasnasleep, Beth would leave. There were a few times though that shenwould fall asleep with Bridget, so instead of waking her, I wouldncover her with a blanked and let her sleep. Her parents scolded hernfor this at first, but after the first two times, they resigned tonthe fact that the only thing happening when she didn't come homenwas that she'd fallen asleep with the baby. Whenever she did that,nthe next day Beth would bring Bridget to see her other grandparents. Thosendays, the days she fell asleep, they were my favorite days. I alwaysnknew she'd be there in the morning, when I woke up on those days. nAlso, she always looked so at peace that when it happened, I loved tonstay in the room and watch her and Bridget. Despitenall the rumors going around, Beth stayed a great person and anwonderful ma. Every Sunday was church. Without fail, Beth wouldncome get Bridget all dressed in her best clothes and we'd go tonchurch. Beth never seemed to do anything wrong anymore. Even hernparents noticed the change in her and so her ma approved even more ofnBridget. Rachelnwas extremely angry when she found out that Beth had had a babynbefore she had, especially since she found out that their manapproved. Then two days later, she herself was pregnant and Rachelnwasn't so angry anymore. Then after her baby was born, Rachelngloated that hers was a boy, better to help out around the ranch. nBeth pointed out that Bridget didn't actually come from her, so shenhad no control over the gender and that while Rachel wanted a baby sonas to feel good about herself, Beth selflessly took in a baby girlnwho had no one left in the world. Rachel stomped away in a huffnabout the last part. Can't say I blame her, she was pretty muchncalled selfish by her own sister, after all, but I thought it wasnfunny, nonetheless. Withnevery day I thought more and more about the future, about what wouldnhappen to Bridget, Beth and me. What if someone came along and stolenBeth from right in front of me and took Bridget away too. I startednworrying daily. I found myself doing more to stay inside with Bethnand Bridget or accompanying them on the trips to the Johnson'snranch. If Beth noticed, she didn't say anything. Lifencontinued on like this for about four years. John was still innBoston, Rachel had had another boy in that time, Susan was as meek asnever and Mrs. Johnson was actively looking for suitable husbands fornboth Susan and Beth. Mr. Johnson was not too happy about his wife'snadamancy of marrying them both off, but said very little to dissuadenher. Ifnyou're wondering, on Beth's 18th birthday, I asked Mr.nJohnson again for his daughter's hand in marriage. But like when Inwas fourteen, he said no. My life wasn't planned out, and despitenmy feelings, he wasn't going to allow his daughter to marry into annuncertain future. As far as I know, no one else has asked, which isngood for me because then I have more time to decide what I wanted tondo, other than cattle ranching. Thennone day, while Beth was at her parent's ranch, my future opened upnbefore me. I had gone into town to get supplies for Ma when I metnMr. Butterfield, whom I had not seen since they finished the railroadnin Bisbee about six months after Pa's death. At first, Mr.nButterfield didn't recognize me, but once he did we were chattingnlike old friends. \"So,nhow's that girl of yours?\" he asked me. \"Beth?\"nI said, surprised he remembered her, back then I was sure no one elsenknew of how I felt about her, but Mr. Butterfield hadn't beennconvinced by my best friend act. \"She'sngood. Oh, we have a daughter, she just turned four.\" \"Oh,nso you're married now?\" \"No,\"nI said, disappointed I hadn't found any other line of work.n\"Bridget isn't ours she's Emma, the old bartender's,ndaughter. Emma died during childbirth and Beth wanted to help thenmotherless baby girl. Beth's pa won't let me marry her until Infind a good idea of my future. I just can't justify being a cattlenrancher all my life, I saw what it did to Pa, to my family. The onlynproblem is, I didn't exactly have good schooling. Mark and I havenbeen working cattle since we could ride a horse. That didn't leavenmuch time to go to school.\" \"Younsay you need work?\" he clarified. \"Yeah,nwhy?\" \"Well,nI've seen you shoot and ride. You're pretty damn good. I couldnsee if I could pull some strings. I know the sheriff is getting oldnand wants to retire soon, maybe we could get you appointed.\" \"Butnwhat about schooling? I mean, I can read, sure, Ma taught me. But mynarithmetic and writing ain't so good.\" Mr.nButterfield pondered this one for a while before a slow smile spreadnacross his face. \"Contentionnalways needs new deputies and I know a teacher there who couldneducate you when you aren't working. With doing both at the samentime, it could take up to about a year and a half, but after youncould come back to Bisbee and marry that girl.\" Hisnplan was so brilliant, I wanted to kiss him. This was exactly thenfuture I could use to justify my life and how I'd take care of Bethnand Bridget. Her Pa'd have to approve that. Mr. Butterfieldnquickly checked with the sheriff, then after approval, I bought whatnI needed and rode as fast as I could to the Johnson's ranch. Inwas off my horse and on the porch, knocking on the door, faster thanna bullet. It was Susan who answered. \"Elizabeth'snin the barn,\" she told me before I could say anything. \"Actually,nI need to see your pa. Do you know where he is?\" \"Outnwith the cattle.\" \"Thanknyou,\" I said as I jumped off the porch and remounted my horse. nJust as I was about to ride off to find Mr. Johnson, Beth came out ofnthe barn with a bucket of milk in one hand and leading Bridget withnthe other. \"Will?\"nshe asked, surprised. Insteadnof replying, I just tipped my hat at them, smiled, and rode off tonfind her pa. I found him not too far away, watching his cattlengraze. \"Goodnafternoon, Mr. Johnson,\" I called, slowing my horse so as not tonfrighten the cattle. \"Afternoon,nWilliam. Elizabeth and Bridget are at the ranch.\" \"Inknow. I saw them. I came to talk to you, to ask you, once again, fornBeth's hand in marriage.\" \"Donyou have a plan now?\" \"Yes,nsir. It will take me about a year and a half to reach my goal, butnit is a good, stable path. One I want to take with Beth by my side.\" \"Alright,ntell me about it,\" he said, sitting back in his saddle. I toldnhim everything Mr. Butterfield and I had planned and then included annexplanation about living in town so as to be on site as a sheriff. nMr. Johnson sat there contemplating for a long time before finally hennodded his head and smiled. \"Inthink you've finally found your path, son,\" he said, tipping hisnhat to me and herding the cattle closer in toward his house. \"Thanknyou, sir!\" I called after him. I wanted to jump and dance andnscream. He'd said yes! I could finally marry Beth and make ournmakeshift family into a real one. But before I do, I had to come upnwith a wonderful proposal that wouldn't let her say no. Indecided to go home and ask Ma and Mark what they thought, but as soonnas I came upt o the house, I saw another horse. One I recognized asnMr. Butterfield's. Shit! I should've told Ma first. I'd justngotten so excited over my life plan and marrying Beth, I'dnforgotten. Asnsoon as I opened the front door, I was engulfed in a hug. Ma wasnholding me so tight, I was having trouble breathing. \"You'rengoing to Contention?\" \"Yes,nMa, for Beth.\" \"Whynis Elizabeth in Contention?\" \"No,nI have to go to Contention to fulfill my life plan so that her panwill let me marry her. He said yes, by the way.\" This commentnonly led to a tighter hug. \"You'rengetting married and leaving all in one day! Well, you better gonpack. Dinner will be ready soon. Your last meal at home for a longntime.\" Incould tell Ma was getting teary eyed; she let me go and turned towardnthe kitchen. \"Whatndo you mean, pack?\" \"Thentrain leaves early tomorrow, son. They're expecting you innContention,\" Mr. Butterfield chimed in. Incouldn't believe it, all in one day I had gained hope of marriagenand then lost all opportunity to ask her. Suddenly I felt a tug on mynpants leg and I looked down to find Bridget. Beth must have droppednher off earlier because Beth was nowhere to be found. I leaned overnand picked up my daughter. \"Pa,nare you leaving?\" \"Inhave to, my little Honey Bee. Pa is going to find a job.\" \"WillnI ever see you again?\" \"Ofncourse, I'll be back before you know it, and when I do, you willnhave so much to show me, I know it.\" \"Okay,nPa. I'll miss you,\" she said, kissing me on the cheek. \"I'llnmiss you too, sweetheart,\" I put her down and she ran off to gonplay with her doll. \"Whatnabout Beth, I thought you said you were going to marry her?\" askednMark. \"Indon't have time now, but I will ask her as soon as I get thenchance.\" Thenrest of the night went fine. I packed what I would need; clothes,npistol, etc. Then we all (Butterfield included) sat down for dinner.n After that, I put Bridget to sleep one last time and got ready fornbed myself. Onceneverything was settled, I sat up, pulled on my shoes and a shirt andnlooked over to see Mark watching me. \"Will!\"nhe whispered harshly. \"Shh…Inhave to tell Beth 'good-bye' now. I leave too early tomorrownmorning.\" Then I climbed through the window and jumped to thenground. Looking back inside at Mark still staring at me, Inremembered the last time I'd done this, to go help Pa, and Incouldn't help but think that this time I was the pa, I was needednby a family, and I sent up a silent prayer that I would come backnalive.[Chapter 10] Late Night Chats I was startled awake by a tapping sound on the window. When I saw Will's face, I checked to make sure Susan was still asleep before I grabbed a quilt and opened my window. \"Will! What are you doing here?\" I asked, shoving the quilt through the window for him to catch. \"We need to talk.\" \"I know, I know, I'm coming,\" I said, climbing through the window and landing gracefully in the dirt. It was only then that I realized I'd forgotten shows. I grabbed the quilt from Will and wrapped it around myself to keep the chill out. \"How'd you do that?\" he asked, pointing at the window. \"Richard and I used to sneak out all the time when we were too awake to sleep.\" Will led me away from the window before speaking again. \"Where were you tonight? I thought you'd be at dinner or there to put Bridget to sleep.\" He sounded almost angry; as if I'd done it just so he's have to put her to bed himself. \"I told you earlier, Rachel and her family came to dinner with more news, another baby, by the way. Ma and Pa made me stay for dinner here tonight. Were you really so worried about this that you had to come wake me up? Why couldn't this have waited until tomorrow morning?\" \"Because I'm leaving and by tomorrow morning I'll be gone.\" I didn't say anything at first. I just stared at him for a long time before he got so uncomfortable that he started squirming. \"Say something, Beth!\" \"I can't believe you'd do this to your family, especially after you promised me that you wouldn't.\" \"What are…,\" he started. \"No, Will! We already talked about this. Dodge City is not all it's cracked up to be. I thought you'd forgotten all about this crazy idea of yours. Well, let me tell you, William Evans, if you leave this town, don't expect Bridget or me to be here when you get back.\" I pulled the quilt tighter around my shoulders and turned back toward the house, absolutely fuming. \"Beth! I'm not going to Dodge City!\" he said, grabbing my elbow before I could flee. \"I'm going to Contention.\" \"What's in Contention? And if you say 'Ben Wade', I swear to God, Will…\" \"A job! A job is in Contention. And education. This is my ticket off the ranch, Beth, a chance to do something else with my life. Granted, it will take about a year and a half, but it's definitely worth it.\" For a minute it looked like he wanted to say something else, but he didn't. \"A year and a half?\" I asked, stepping closer to him. \"Will I…we ever see you during that time?\" \"I'm not sure. I'll be a deputy up there. Not sure I get many days off. But after, I am coming home and taking over for Sheriff Collins.\" \"You're going to be sheriff! That's great!\" I said, a little too loudly, forgetting that everyone was asleep and I wasn't supposed to be outside in the middle of the night with Will. I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him tight. After all, this might be the last time I would get to see him in for a year and a half. He hugged me back and whispered in my ear. \"Yeah, it's going to be great. I have to go though before Ma finds out I'm gone.\" \"Yeah, I should get inside too before Susan wakes up and finds me missing.\" There was a moment of silence where we both starred at each other before I said softly, \"I'll miss you, Will.\" \"I'll miss you too, Beth, more than you know.\" He hugged me one more time and as he pulled away, I kissed him on the cheek. \"Good night, Sheriff Evans,\" I said, jokingly. \"Night, Beth,\" he said, smiling sadly at me before turning and heading off toward his house.[Chapter 11] Ch 11 – Separation At first it wasn't too bad, Bridget was there to help me along without my best friend, but there's only so much you can tell to a four year old. I missed Will something awful. It was as bad as it had been when he's gone to Contention the first time. The only thing getting me through the day though, was knowing that this time, Will would be home soon. Mark, for all his wonderful qualities, soon found himself in love with a girl on a neighboring ranch and set about to woo her, so he was no help to talk to. He made a bad fill-in Will. Mrs. Evans was always there, but there are some things you want to talk about only to your best friend. I know it sounds bad, but a part of me hoped he was missing me just as much. And, what made matters worse, I was apparently not the only one who noticed Will's absence. It was like as soon as he left, it was okay for men to try and win over my heart. Some proposed, others, the smarter ones, realized I wasn't returning the affection and so stopped coming over to see me. But worst of all is that they would come find me, not only at my house, but also at the Evans', with Bridget right there! With the sudden flow of men, the extra work to raise a child alone and to try and help Mark with the cattle while also doing chores for Ma, I was slowly going insane. I didn't think anyone had noticed either, until Mrs. Evans came up and told me to stop working so hard because I looked like I was about to pass out, which honestly, seemed like a great idea at the time. After a few days of rest when it didn't look like I was getting any better, Mrs. Evans decided to put me and Bridget on the train to Contention so that I could see Will and get better. Of course, by this time I hadn't seen him in eleven months and I had changed dramatically. I started wearing longer dresses and skirts as my mother told me that I was of the age where showing my ankles wasn't proper. Also, instead of braiding my hair, I'd found that a bun was more freeing so I could work without my hair getting in my way. I wasn't sure he'd recognize me. After getting off the train in Contention, I decided we should check in to the hotel first and then go find Will. Once we were settled and then had asked where the sheriff's office was, Bridget and I walked down the street to a brown building between a saloon and a house. First walking in, I noticed Will right away, hunched over some paper behind a desk to the right of the entrance, facing the door. He didn't notice our arrival, but a man whom I supposed to be the sheriff sure did. He seemed to be about twenty-five with brown hair and brown eyes. He was quite handsome himself, actually. When he spotted Bridget and me, he stood up quickly and smiled brightly. \"May I help you, mam?\" \"Yes, I would like to report a crime,\" I said, ridiculously happy even just to see Will. \"Of what nature?\" I smiled and motioned to Will. He seemed to catch on.\"Deputy Evans, take this one, would you.\" It didn't appear to be a question. \"What's the nature of this crime?\" Will asked, sounding bored, still hunched over his desk. Bridget and I hadn't moved since we stepped through the door and I don't think I could've if I'd tried. \"It's about a man who hasn't seen his best friend or his daughter in eleven months,\" I said nervously, waiting for his reaction. His head snapped up to look at us and I smiled brightly at him. \"Hello, Will,\" I said, softly. \"Beth! Bridget!\" he exclaimed, standing up and pushing his chair back so fast I missed it. Suddenly he was right in front of us. He picked up Bridget, spinning her around before hugging me tightly. \"Oh, you've no idea how much I've missed you two.\" Once he was there, once I saw him, I felt a hundred times better. \"Ahem,\" someone cleared his throat behind Will. \"Deputy Evans, would you like to introduce me to your visitors?\" \"Oh, right, sorry,\" Will said, pulling away. \"Sheriff Finley, this is my best friend, Beth and our daughter, Bridget.\" \"Oh, so you're the ladies I have heard so much about. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintances,\" he said, kissing the back of Bridget's hand. She giggled. \"I'm not a lady, I'm just a girl!\" \"You're just a girl!\" he exclaimed, laughing. \"Well, forgive me, you looked like a lady to me. And you, miss,\" he said, turning to me. \"It is an honor to finally meet you. I've heard so much already from Evans here that I feel as if I already know you.\" He kissed the back of my hand too, and when I looked up, Will was glaring daggers at the back of his head. But why would that bother him so much? \"Have you had lunch yet, Beth?\" Will asked, obviously trying to control his anger. \"No, not yet.\" \"I'll take you. How long are you in town?\" \"Two days, we leave Thursday morning.\" \"Alright then, we will have to make the best of our time.\" He grabbed his hat, picked up Bridget, and then, placing a guiding hand on the small of my back, pushing me toward the door. \"It was nice to meet you, sheriff,\" I called over my shoulder as I was pushed onto the street. \"Will!\" I scolded as soon as we were out of the office. \"What, Beth?\" he snapped. \"That was rude, you could have at least let me say good-bye properly.\" \"What, with a kiss?\" Now his hand was starting to clench the fabric of my coat as if I was about to run away. \"Of course not, Will. Have you really lost all of your faith in me in the past eleven months?\" The grip on my coat and the lines on his face softened. \"No, I just…want to make sure you are not going to get hurt.\" \"By the sheriff?\" I said, laughing. There was a pause. \"You look different.\" \"Good different or bad different?\" \"Good different. It suits you.\" \"Ma was worried you wouldn't like her the same now with her new clothes but I told her that whenever I have to get new clothes you still love me.\" \"I have missed you, my Honey-Bee,\" he said, kissing Bridget on the top of her head. \"And of course I still love your Ma, nothing will ever change that.\" There was a strange intensity in his eyes that made me blush and look away. He seemed different, I couldn't place my finger just on how he was different. Before I had time to think on it though, there was a shrill 'yoo-hoo' and a short blond woman walked gracefully up to Will. \"Deputy Evans, I'm glad I found you. I wanted to give you these muffins as a thank you. You know, they say my muffins are the best the west of the Mississippi!\" She looked to be about twenty-five, beautiful and probably had never worked a day in her life. She was obviously wealthy by the clothes she wore and she probably had a servant as well. In fact, her servant probably was the one who made the muffins. She was dressed in all black and had on a hard bonnet with a peacock feather sticking straight back. \"Oh, my, and who is this?\" she asked of Bridget. \"I'm Bridget!\" my naïve little daughter replied, she wasn't a shy child. \"This is my daughter,\" Will said, proudly. \"Oh and how old are you?\" \"I'm five years old,\" Bridget said, holding up five fingers. \"And where is her ma, Deputy Evans? A girl needs a female influence on her life.\" Obviously she was either blind or ignoring me. \"I'm her ma,\" I said, stepping forward. \"She already has multiple female influences. Thank you for your concern.\" \"Oh, I see,\" she said, haughtily before turning back to Will. \"Why don't you and I have lunch together?\" \"Actually, Mrs. Crawley, I am taking Bridget and Beth to lunch because they're only here for a few days.\" \"Well then, maybe some other time.\" And just like that she flounced across the street and disappeared into a house. \"She seems nice,\" I said, sarcastically. \"Yes, she is,\" Will replied. He wasn't being sarcastic. A/N: Sorry this took so long, life's been hectic. Let me know what you think![Chapter 12] Homecoming The few days I had with Beth and Bridget came and went extremely quickly. It was great to see them, but it seemed everywhere we went, men were always paying too much attention to Beth. Once someone even proposed to her right in front of me! Granted, he was drunk, but e only voiced the opinions he would have not acted upon if sober. Of them all, Sheriff Finley was the worst. Every time he saw her, without fail, he would flirt nonstop, complimenting her and winning Bridget over with sweets. Because of this, I almost proposed right there on the spot. But I didn't. I knew I had to wait until my year and a half was up. Seven months. Less than half left. I could hold off for that long. I just hoped she would. Over the next seven months I did not see Beth again. We wrote to each other, she told me all about Bridget growing up. I almost didn't recognize Bridget the next time I saw her when she and Ma came to visit. It was three months after Beth and Bridget had visited me. When I asked Ma about Beth, she just looked at me pityingly and said, \"She's fine, but she couldn't get away from chores again.\" I didn't understand Ma's look at the time, but when I came home, it all became very clear. Ma and Mark stayed home the day I got back because they were preparing for my arrival. So instead, Beth and Bridget came to pick me up. When I got off the train, there they were, looking for me in the crowd. Beth saw me first. When she did, she smiled, then, leaning down, she whispered something to Bridget and pointed at me. Bridget's eyes searched for a second before finding mine, then took off at a run, straight toward me, shouting 'Pa! Pa!' I scooped her up in my arms after dropping my bags, and then kissed her cheek, hugging her tight to my chest. \"Oh, Honey-Bee, I missed you.\" \"I missed you too, Pa. More than you missed me, I bet.\" \"Oh, do you? Well, let's go see your Ma, okay?\" I put her down and she ran back to Beth. I picked up my bag, following. She was more beautiful than ever in her new clothes. Well, they were still new to me, though she'd been wearing them for at least seven months by now. \"Will,\" she said, before enveloping me in a hug. \"I've missed you so much.\" \"I've missed you too, Beth.\" She pulled away and looked up at me. After studying me for a minute she sighed and said, \"You look different.\" \"Different?\" \"You grew. You look taller.\" \"I'm not taller.\" \"Yes, you are!\" \"Beth, how could I have grown, I stopped growing a long time ago.\" \"I don't know, but you did. I'm sure of it.\" \"Ma! Pa! Stop!\" said Bridget, tugging on our legs. \"Sorry, Bee,\" I said, picking her up again. \"Come on, I have the wagon,\" Beth said, picking up the bag I'd dropped to carry Bridget. As soon as we got the wagon all loaded up, Beth sat down and took the reins. \"Let me drive, Beth. You had to drive here.\" \"But you had a long train ride, I'm sure you're tired. Just relax.\" \"Well, you've had to drive this for the past year and a half. Let me.\" \"You haven't exactly been sitting down the whole time, either,\" she said, and before I could argue more, she whipped the horses on. So I took her advice and relaxed while she drove. Bridget was really jumpy and telling me all these stories about life while I was gone, including a prairie fire at the ranch that almost burned down the house before the winds changed and blew it North instead. Beth and Ma didn't tell me about that. \"We didn't want to worry you,\" she told me before I could say anything to her. \"Now, Bridget, let your Pa relax. He's had a long day and you can tell him your stories later.\" \"No, Beth, it's okay. I want to hear what you and Ma haven't been writing me.\" I was angry that they hadn't said anything. \"I'm sorry, Will, alright? We did it so you wouldn't try to come home early and ruin your chance at sheriff. Plus, nothing got burned, everything's still alright.\" I tried to put my arm around her to tell her it was okay, I understand why they didn't tell me. I would have come home and ruined it. But instead, she moved away from me, out of reach for the moment, since Bridget was still on my lap. A few moments of silence passed between Beth and I with Bridget still yammering on when suddenly Bridget jumped off my lap and leaning over Beth's legs, called out to a man passing by on a horse. When she did, Beth stopped the wagon. \"Hello, Mr. Bennett!\" Bridget called to him. \"Why, hello there, Bridget. I didn't recognize you; you look so grown up in your best Sunday clothes. Are those new?\" \"Yup, we wore our special clothes today,\" she said, standing up and showing off her new dress. \"I did notice that your Ma looks very beautiful today, as always. Hello, Liz.\" Beth blushed and looked down for a second before meeting the man's eyes again. \"Hello, Jacob.\" \"So, tell me, Liz. Why are you and your wonderful daughter so dressed up today? Last I checked it was only Wednesday.\" The man kept talking to this 'Liz'. Who was he…? And then it dawned on me. Liz was another nickname for Elizabeth. He was calling her by a nickname. Her own pa wasn't even allowed to do that, only me. \"Bridget and I went down to the train station to pick up her pa, isn't that right, Bee?\" \"Yes, this is my pa,\" she said, bounding back over and leaning against my leg. \"Jacob, this is my best friend, William Evans. Will, this is Jacob Bennett. He and his father bought the old Grady ranch.\" \"William Evans? Sorry, I thought you were your brother, Mark sitting there. It's a pleasure to meet you, I've heard a lot from Liz here. Let's see if it's all true.\" \"Yeah,\" I said, nodding. I hadn't heard a thing about him. Another secret Ma and Beth had kept hidden from me? Why? \"Well, I getter get going before Pa wonders what happened to me,\" Jacob Bennett said, tipping his hat to us. \"It was nice meeting you, Evans. Bye Bridget, Liz…\" I didn't like the way he said her name. \"Bye, Jacob.\" \"Bye, Mr. Bennett! Come over for dinner again, okay?\" There was a moment of awkward silence between Beth and me as she started the horses again. After about five minutes Beth looked at me quickly before turning back to the road. \"Well, say something. I know you aren't just going to sit there like that all day, so I'd rather get this over with now.\" \"Who is he?\" \"Jacob Bennett, I told you. He and his father…\" \"No, Beth,\" I said, cutting her off. \"Who is he? Why has he been to dinner at my house? Why haven't I heard of him before and most importantly, what's your affiliation with him?\" \"I didn't tell you because it's nothing.\" \"What does 'it' mean?\" \"He proposed, alright?\" \"He's in love with Ma,\" said Bridget. I'd almost forgotten she was there. \"He wants to marry her, but then he said he couldn't.\" \"Couldn't?\" \"Yup, he's in love with her, but he can't marry her until she figures out what she really wants or something like that.\" \"Bridget, hush,\" said Beth suddenly. \"What's she talking about? Did he revoke his proposal?\" \"Yes, Will, he 'revoked' his proposal if that's how you want to put it.\" \"Why?\" \"That's not important. Will you stop asking so many questions?\" \"It is important, Beth. Why?\" \"Why? Why do you have to know?\" \"Because he's been around enough to influence my daughter and I need to know what's happening in her life.\" \"Why he revoked his proposal has nothing to do with her. It doesn't matter anyway. All that matters is we aren't getting married, alright?\" Just then we pulled up in front of my ranch and she handed the reins to me. She got out of the wagon, helped Bridget out and then turned back to face me. \"Welcome home, Will. Spend some time with Bridget, she's really missed you. Besides, that way, you can learn all about everything else I haven't told you.\" Then she turned around and started toward the barn, to get her horse, I supposed. \"Goddamnit, Beth, get back here and talk to me.\" \"Watch your mouth!\" she snapped at me. \"Why? You never used to mind me swearing before. Did your precious little Jacob teach you the error of my ways?\" \"No, Will,\" she said, turning back toward me. \"It's because you have a daughter who looks up to you now and will copy and repeat everything you do and say and I don't want her swearing!\" Mark came out of the house and picked up Bridget. She hid her face in her uncle's shoulder. \"Uncle Mark, make them stop.\" \"You heard her,\" said Mark, angrily. \"Honestly, you two, can't you be around each other for one day without fighting?\" \"Maybe we could if William wasn't so arrogant and needy.\" \"Oh yeah? Well, maybe we could if Elizabeth wasn't such a whore in front of our daughter!\" As soon as I said those words, it went deathly quiet. I think even the cattle in the fields stopped making noise. Mark's mouth was wide enough to catch flies and Beth looked like she was about to cry. I heard a plate crash to the floor inside the house. Then it dawned on me what I'd said. \"Oh, no, Beth…That's not what I meant. You're not a…I don't think of you as…I was just…\" \"No, Will. We all say what we truly think when we're angry. I'm sorry I've ruined your homecoming with my presence.\" And just like that, she ran into the barn to get her horse. Ma came out and drug me down from the wagon. \"What were you thinking? Do you know how much that girl cares about you? She begged her ma to let her come today. She did twice the amount of chores yesterday so that she could and she's been raising your daughter by herself for the past eighteen months! You probably just ruined it right there, I hope you know. And if you did, it's no less than what you've got coming to you with that attitude.\" Beth came out of the barn, leading her hose and Mark let Bridget down to go say bye to her. She wouldn't even look at me. A/N: Because I am a bum and haven't written in a year, I'm sorry. I actually have it all written now; it's just in a notebook instead of my computer. I'll try harder this time, I promise![Chapter 13] Stupid Actions That night, I couldn't sleep Bridget had been the only one to talk to me after Beth left, and I think that's only because she didn't understand really what I'd said to her ma. At the first sign of the sky brightening, I got dressed and made my way to the Johnson Ranch. When I got there, Mr. Johnson was just going out to the barn. As I approached him, he stopped and gave me a look that told me he knew what had happened the night before. \"Mr. Johnson, let me explain….\" \"William, I gave my permission and now…in all honesty, you're letting me down, son. I can't tell you that I am still considering you as a good match for my daughter. The only thing saving you right now is that I know you are a good kid, at least you were before you went to Contention, and I'm hoping that hasn't changed.\" \"No, sir, it hasn't. Let me explain, I was really jealous. I'd seen the way men acted around her when she visited me, but I had no idea that there were men here who might take her away from me. I had just met Jacob Bennett, and I realized that he is the only one in the world, besides me, who can call her by a nickname.\" \"Yes, he has been around for about eight months, and I gave him permission to propose seven months ago, right after she came back from Contention.\" There was a moment of silence when he just looked at me as if debating with himself about telling me something. \"She told me about your lady-friend there. She was so heartbroken when she came home and Jacob seemed like a good match for her if you had changed your mind.\" \"What lady-friend? The only woman she met was Mrs. Crawley, and she just gave me some muffins.\" \"She's the one.\" \"No, she was just thanking me for catching the men who murdered her husband. That's more than I can say about what she's been doing with that Bennett fellow.\" \"Elizabeth and Jacob are only friends at this point. She went riding with him once and after that, nothing happened. You really need to think about everything before you talk to her again.\" At this, Mr. Johnson started again towards the barn. At the entrance he stopped and turned to look at me again. \"Oh, and let me tell you a secret about women. It's not who calls them by nicknames that they love; it's who they call by a nickname that's the true recipient of their affections. Last time I checked, Mr. Bennett was still called Jacob.\" And just like that, he walked into the barn, leaving me with my thoughts in the yard. My heart soared. She loves me! Or she did until last night. I had to make it up to her somehow. Maybe she'd talk to me if I brought Bridget over. I don't know; I had to go run it by Ma, see what she thought of this plan. When I got home, everyone was up. Ma and Mark still hated me, by the looks of it, but I didn't care. Beth loved me. It was very quiet at the breakfast table, even Bridget wasn't her talkative self. Maybe she sensed the tension in the air. After a few minutes, I decided to offer up my newest bit of knowledge. \"She loves me; her pa practically told me so.\" \"Oh course she loves you, you're her best friend,\" Mark replied bitterly and for a moment I'd wondered what had happened to him in the eighteen months I'd been gone. Sure, he was taller, but there was something else about him too. Nonetheless, my heart sank at his words. Was that what her father meant? \"Did you apologize?\" \"To Beth? No, Ma, I didn't see her.\" \"You're talking about Ma, aren't you?\" Bridget chimed in. \"I know what you're talking about because Ma and Grandma Alice talk about it all the time when you're not here.\" \"What? What do they talk about?\" \"Feelings; how you feel, how Ma feels.\" \"How do I feel, Bee?\" \"You're in love with Ma but you are too scared to do or say anything about it.\" \"And your Ma?\" I probed. \"She's in love with you too, but doesn't think she can hold on alone for much longer. I don't understand what that meant, she was holding on to anything at the time. And she has me with her, so she's not alone.\" \"Bridget, hush. What did I say about your ma and I's talks?\" \"That they are private and should never be repeated,\" Bridget replied, immediately depressed. I looked up and Ma winked at me. She could have stopped Bridget from saying anything, but she didn't. She wanted me to know how Beth felt. Maybe because I would apologize quicker, maybe to torment me because I couldn't hate her after last night. Whatever the reason, I knew I had to talk to Beth as soon as possible. Mr. Johnson has told me to think and I had thought. Now all I had to do was to find the right words to say to her. After breakfast, Mark said he has something to do and ran off, which left me to look after the cattle by myself. As I was just heading in, Jacob Bennett caught up to me and if looks could kill, I'd be dead five times over. \"Liz told me what you said.\" \"Oh great, and what, you're here to challenge me to a duel for her honor?\" I couldn't help it, the guy made me angry. \"She cares so much about you. She's in love with you and you're so thick you can't see that. I revoked my proposal because I knew I would always be fighting for her affections if she didn't decide on her own time. I head the way she talked about you. It was obvious how she felt from the beginning.\" \"She likes you, too,\" I said, stunned. \"She cares about me, sure, but I could never have the same affect on her that you do. I couldn't get in the way of that unless you didn't love her back, but I saw the way you looked at her yesterday. I was going to tell you that I was backing down, but now I'm afraid she'll crumble if she has no one. You better make it up to her fast or else that year and a half in Contention will have been for naught.\" \"My year and a half…how did you know about that?\" \"Your ma not so subtly told me to back off of Liz because you were working so hard for this, for her,\" he said, laughing at the memory. I could only imagine; my ma can be pretty intense if she needed to be. I was beginning to like this guy. Soon we neared home and I saw a familiar horse in front of the barn. \"Beth?\" I said aloud in wonderment. She looked up quickly to my face, and then got back to work putting her horse in a stall. \"I'm not here for you, don't worry. I'm here to check up on and spend a few hours with my daughter.\" \"Morning again, Liz,\" Jacob said, tipping his hat to her. She stopped and stared between us for a second, then mumbled a quick greeting and made her way quickly to the house. When I got there, Bridget was hugging Beth's knees and Ma was just finishing up preparing lunch. Mark still wasn't back, but no one else seemed phased at all by this; there wasn't even a place set for him at the table. Beth took out another setting for Jacob after asking him to stay for lunch. \"Where's Mark?\" \"At the Malone Ranch with Emily,\" Beth replied, not looking up from setting the table. \"How do you know this?\" \"It's where he always is, or where he has been almost every waking hour for the past ten months.\" \"And who's Emily?\" \"You remember, the little girl with the blonde ringlets? She and Susan used to be best friends when they were little.\" \"No, I know who Emily Malone is, but who is she to Mark? Why is she so important?\" \"Didn't they tell you?\" she asked, finally looking up at me. Her gaze flicked over to Ma, who shook her head, then Jacob, who just shrugged. \"Emily and Mark are getting married next month; as soon as Emily turns seventeen.\" There was a silence in the room as every eye was turned on me. I guess m mouth had been hanging open because Ma scolded that if I didn't close it, the flies would surely be making homes in there. \"My little brother, little Mark, is getting married? Why didn't anyone tell me?\" \"I didn't feel it was my place to write in a letter and Mark wanted to tell you in person when you got home. Guess yesterday's events prevented that from happening,\" Beth said, rushing over to help put the food on the table. \"I'm going to be the flower girl,\" Bridget piped up from her chair at the table. I looked over at Beth and I could see she was hurting. This marriage thing must really be getting to her. \"Yes, Emily's taken quite a shine to Bridget here,\" Beth said, half-heartedly as she kissed her daughter on the top of the head. I decided to change the topic. \"So, how's Susan?\" \"Fine, I think. I don't really know, can't see her too often anymore.\" \"What are you talking about, she lives with you.\" \"Not anymore. Susan was married five months ago.\" Her sisters were both married, my little brother was getting married in a month and here she thought I was in love with a widow in Contention. No wonder she's had a hard few months, all the people she's grown up with are settling down and she's twenty-one with no husband and a six year old daughter. I was digging myself deeper into a depressing hole I couldn't get out of; I had to win her back. \"So that's why you couldn't come see me, because you were the only one left to do any chores.\" \"Something like that,\" she replied, busying herself with loading up a plate for Bridget. There was a pause before she spoke again, changing the subject. \"John came home. Well, not really home, he is living in town with his new wife. He just opened up a new doctor's office. He was very surprised to see Bridget when he got here, apparently he didn't get my letters in Boston. You should go visit him when you get the chance.\" \"Seems like everyone we know is getting married these days,\" I wondered aloud. \"Yeah,\" Beth replied glancing up at Jacob. There were a few moments of silence as we all ate, then I decided I was going to tell Beth how I felt right then and there. \"Beth, can I talk to you in private?\" \"Why? Whatever other insults you have to throw at me can be said in front of your ma and Jacob. Maybe say a few that Bridget will understand so she'll change her opinion of you. That way leaving will be easier.\" \"No way are you leaving with my grandbaby,\" Ma chimed in. \"We'll make William leave before you and Bridget do.\" \"I'm not going to insult…\" \"Then what? What do you possibly have to say that is so important that I have to leave my meal so you can tell me? You sure it isn't 'you're such a slob, I can't believe I put up with you for all those years', or…\" \"No,\" I said, astonished she'd even think such a thing. \"Or, 'wow, I see why no one will marry you'.\" \"What?...I…stop, Beth!\" \"…or even…\" \"I'm in love with you, okay? That's what's I wanted to tell you so badly.\" Everyone at the table was quiet, even Bridget. After a few moments, Beth stood up. \"Maybe we should talk in the other room.\" I just nodded as she led me to Mark and I's room and sat down on the bed. We both sat there, waiting for the other person to say something. \"It's why I had to go to Contention,\" I offered quietly. \"Your pa told me I had to plan out my life before he'd consent to you marrying me. I didn't want to be a cattle rancher all my life, so when Mr. Butterfield heard of my predicament, he set up my deputy-ship and schooling in Contention and for me to become Sheriff here. I'd planned on proposing before I left, but I was on the train the next morning. I wanted to make us a real family. You, me and Bridget.\" \"So this is about Bridget? Because, you know, no one could ever replace you as her pa, if that's what you're worried about,\" she said, looking me in the eye. \"Elizabeth Johnson, I have been in love with you since I first laid eyes on you so many years ago,\" I said, taking her hands in mine. \"I wanted to be Bridget's pa so you couldn't get rid of me, especially since you weren't allowed to marry me for three years. I'd first asked your pa for your hand when we were fourteen, right after I'd gotten home from Contention. I figured I couldn't wait, because seeing my pa die made me realize how short life can be. Ma said it was for the better anyway that I couldn't marry you yet because she and Mark still really needed me at the time.\" \"Wait, so how many people knew?\" \"Me, Ma, Mr. Butterfield, your pa, Mark, your ma, Rachel and Susan. I suppose Jacob Bennett knew as well…I'm so sorry, Beth, I didn't expect another man to be here when I got home. I mean, I always knew you had admirers, but Jacob almost took you without me knowing. Your father told me about how you thought I was with Mrs. Crawley. She was just thanking me because I'd arrested the men who murdered her husband. She was kind to me, we had something in common, both having lost loved ones to outlaw gangs.\" \"You see, Will!\" she said, suddenly, pulling away from me. \"I've said before, I can't know how that feels. It has never happened to me so there's no way I can compete with a bond like that.\" \"Beth, there is no competition. I would choose you over a thousand bonds like that any day.\" There was a pause where Beth just stared at me until finally she turned toward the door. \"I should go…milk the cow,\" she said, disappearing through the door. This was not exactly how I'd imagined it would go.[Chapter 14] Repercussions What was happening? First Will calls me a whore and then he says he's in love with me? Too much information to process in less than 24 hours; what could I do? Milk the cow. That's safe. No harm in milking. Even if she was already milked, I could hide out a while in the barn with Bridget then maybe disappear if I hadn't figured anything out in about half an hour. \"Come on, Bridget,\" I called my daughter as I passed through the kitchen. I didn't dare look at Mrs. Evans or she'd make me talk about what had just happened. When we got to the barn, I sat on the milking stool and pulled Bridget onto my lap. \"You know I love you, right?\" \"I love you too, Ma,\" she said, leaning back against my shoulder. We sat that way for maybe five minutes before we heard a shout from outside. \"William Evans, get your sorry ass out here!\" \"PA!\" All of a sudden, Bridget launched off my lap and ran toward the barn door before I could stop her. \"Bridget!\" I called futilely as she sprinted out into the yard. I got up and ran to the door for support when I saw what was going on. Everything was moving so slowly. There was a tall man with a dark beard and a cowboy hat sitting on a horse in the yard with a pistol pointed at my little girl as she stood frozen, six feet in front of him. \"Come out or your daughter is dead, Evans! Three…\" the man said, beginning to count down. I heard a loud scream and it took me a few moments to figure out that it was coming from my own throat. Then it was like everything returned to normal speed. Will and Jacob were standing a few feet away on the other side of the man, unfortunantly both were unarmed as they had taken off their pistols for lunch and had no time to run get them so as to save Bridget's life. \"Good, now your precious little daughter won't die. You killed my brothers, Evans, and now you will die because of it.\" \"Your brothers were scum. They killed hundreds of people and I'm glad I killed them.\" \"That's it! You insulted my brothers so your daughter dies first,\" he said turning back to Bridget. \"No!\" screamed Jacob, picking up a large rock and hurtling it at the man's head. Before it could hit him, the mom turned his pistol on Jacob and pulled the trigger. Both men went down at the same time, the man dropping his pistol in the process. \"Jacob!\" I screamed, my first instinct to go to him. \"No, Beth! Get Bridget inside the house!\" Will ordered. I ran over and burying Bridget's head in my shoulder, I ran as fast as I could into the house. When I got there, I passed my crying daughter to Mrs. Evans. \"Where's Will's gun?\" \"I…I don't know. He had it when he came in…\" I couldn't stall any longer, I needed to help Will. I knew where Mrs. Evans kept Mr. Evan's old pistol, so I ran to the chest at the end of her bed and after checking to make sure it was loaded, I ran back into the kitchen. When I got to the open doorway, I raised the gun, ready to shoot the man, but I was afraid I would hit Will in the process. They were wrestling with each other, blood gushing down from above the man's eye where the rock must have hit him. I walked forward, waiting for a good angle to take a shot, praying he wouldn't hurt Will, tears streaming down my face. Finally there it was-an open shot. I put my finger on the trigger and heard three shots ring out across the yard. And it was as if in slow motion, the man slumped to his knees and fell into the dirt. My hand, still stretched out in front of me was shaking so badly, I thought it would fall off. \"Will?\" I asked, softly. He turned, startled by my voice and then approached me cautiously, hands up in surrender. \"Beth, give me the gun, slowly.\" \"I can't…I can't take my hand away. I can't move. I didn't think I actually pulled the trigger. I…\" I was getting hysterical. Will wrapped one arm around my waist while slowly prying my fingers off the gun with his other hand. \"Shh…it's okay,\" he whispered in my ear. \"It will all be okay.\" Just then we heard a moan from across the yard. \"Jacob!\" I called before pulling away and running to his side. Kneeling down, I placed his head on my lap. He was still alive, but barely and he was still bleeding profusely from his stomach. \"Liz?\" \"I'm here,\" I said, grabbing a hold of his hand. It was then that I noticed the gun in his other hand. \"Did you shoot him?\" \"I had to; he was going to hurt Bridget. I couldn't let that happen. I grabbed his gun and shot him before he could hurt anyone else. I'm sorry, it was wrong, one should never kill a man…thou shalt not…\" His sentence was cut off by a gasp of pain. \"Shh…Jacob, it's okay. Thank you, you saved my daughter's life.\" I kissed his forehead. \"William?\" he choked out and Will came to kneel next to him. \"Yeah, Jacob?\" \"Take care of her, alright? And Bridget. Don't ever take their love for granted.\" Will looked up at me cautiously, almost hopeful. \"I'll take care of them.\" \"I just closed my eyes and let the sobs come as I watched Jacob take his last shaky breath and then pass on right there in my lap. I bent down and kissed his forehead against before hugging his head. \"You can't leave me, Jacob. No! This isn't fair. You were nothing but wonderful, why do you deserve this?\" I choked out through my tears. \"There's nothing we can do, Beth, come into the house,\" Will said, helping me up and wrapping his arm around my waist as he led me toward the house. \"Ma!\" Bridget cried, running to me as we made it through the door. I kissed her forehead and then hugged her to me as tight as I could. I was vaguely aware of Mrs. Evans doing the same to Will. I don't know how long we stood there like that before the sound of hoof-beats and Mark's shouting woke us out of our revere. \"Ma! Ma! Where are you? Bridget? Elizabeth? Will?\" \"We're in here, we're okay,\" Mrs. Evans said, going out to meet her youngest son on the porch. As she left, I looked up, straight into Will's eyes. I stood up and threw my arms around his neck. \"Thank God, you're alright.\" \"Does this mean I'm forgiven?\" \"You still have a lot of serious groveling to do, mister.\" He chuckled. \"Oh, God, Beth, I'm so sorry. For everything. For what I said and did and for leading that man here to you and to Bridget and Ma. It's my fault Jacob's dead.\" \"No, it isn't. Jacob chose to throw that rock. He chose to put Bridget's life above his own. In no way are you responsible for that. In fact, it may be my fault. If he hadn't been so in love with my already taken heart, he might not have cared so much about Bridget.\" \"Already taken? By whom?\" \"I thought it was obvious. William Evans, I am head-over-heels in love with you.\" He pulled away from me to look me in the eye. \"Are you serious?\" \"Would I joke about something like that?\" Suddenly he took my hands in his and got down on one knee, pulling out a ring from his pocket. \"Before I lose the chance or the courage…This was my mother's ring. My dad gave it to her when he proposed and I want you to have it.\" \"What are you saying?\" \"Elizabeth Johnson, will you marry me?\" \"I look terrible. My clothes are dirty and blood-stained, my eyes are puffy and swollen, my cheeks are tearstained and my bun has come loose. Are you sure you want to marry an ugly, old hag like me?\" \"You're younger than me by six months. You'll never be ugly and you are certainly not a hag. And I'd marry you right now, exactly like this if it was the only way to get you to marry me. So, what do you say?\" \"Yes, of course, yes. You have no idea how long I've been waiting for you to say that.\" \"About as long as I've been waiting to say it, I'd suppose,\" he said smiling before taking my face in his hands and kissing me sweetly. \"I love you, Elizabeth Johnson.\" \"I love you too, William Evans.\"[Chapter 15] A/N: Well, there you go, guys. Whoever is left reading this. I know it took me a while to get up, sorry. But it's finished now. Hope you guys at least enjoyed it. ","Summary":" I don't own anything. Well, except Elizabeth and her family. It was about lunchtime when Mark Evans"},{"Movie":"Welcome to Hell, 2013","Title":"Sombras Encantadoras","Author":"AutorDesconocido","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11512502","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SOMBRAS ENCANTADORAS Porque todos aquellos grandes romances terminaron en tragedia ¿Pero qué pasaba cuando este empezaba con la muerte? Cuando dos mundos distintos chocaban, cuando la muerte se enamoraba de la vida ¿Cuándo amar se convirtió en desear acabarlo todo? Porque si, los grandes romances llegan ligados al adiós ¿Pero quién les dijo que no podían ser mejor que las trágicas historias de amor? Después de todo, enamorarse de alguien muerto era una locura Como enamorarse de algo vivo era algo suicida ¿Qué era lo que los detenía? P orque ahora que lo tenía no lo soportaba, estaba cansado de tener que verse como una ilusión o algo que no existía cada vez que estaba tan cerca de su ser, era molesto saber que a pesar de estar a unos cuantos metros era incapaz de acercarse. Era una tortura perfecta, solo provocando que en su cabeza hubiera tanta confusión que seguramente el sentido de la lógica se hubiera suicidado como muchos de sus sentidos. Pero la pregunta clave era ¿El porqué de esa manera tan extraña de relacionarse con este? Era sencillo, en realidad era un concepto tan básico que no necesitaba explicación alguna: Debía ser su sombra. No había ningún problema por ello si no fuera por el hecho de aquel adolescente testarudo tuviera la maldita idea de quedarse conviviendo con estas. Hacía que se sintiera como una persona normal a pesar de que no lo eran, a pesar de que ambos veían el mismo mundo de tonos grises, de que el literalmente estuviera soportando las llamas del infierno. ¿En qué momento quiso ser su sombra por el deseo de quedarse a su lado? En ninguno, ese no había sido el trato con su socio, no se suponía que esa idea debería estar pero ahí justamente se encontraba, en el lugar donde se suponía que debía andar un corazón latiendo, haciendo ruido, chocando con las sombras de sus deseos prohibidos; no estaba permitido enamorarse mucho menos de mortales, esto no era la historia de amor en el cual el otro se suicidaba por amor, era real más real de lo que hubiera deseado. Todo era tan confuso, no comprendía como alguien podía con todas aquellas voces, especialmente el quien siempre insistía con lo mismo. Era su sombra, estaba prohibido darle la cara y fingir normalidad, fingir que era un humano real. Era prohibido aquel anhelo que tenía desde el momento en que el otro hizo que perdiera inclusive su propia voz al no saber qué hacer, al no saber si aquello era lo mejor… Porque Sowachowski no había pedido aquello, porque él no imaginaba que ser la sombra de alguien iba a ser tan difícil. El nunca en su vida hubiera deseado eso ni siquiera en su muerte. Porque él no quería ser víctima de un trágico romance que probablemente llevaría a ambos a un callejón sin salida, donde ninguno de los dos tuviera escapatoria y comenzaran a hundirse lentamente porque el infierno no estaba de su lado mucho menos el cielo. Porque simplemente Sock no quería ser una historia de amor más… Capítulo 1: Tonos negros y grises A veces el cielo era claro, otras veces se encontraba nublado de nubes blancas y en otras el sol radiaba con todo su esplendor, claro que eso sería la opinión de cualquier que se detuviera un momento a pensar positivo en su caso era diferente, el cielo se pintaba de gris y cuando caía la noche todo era negro, porque para él los días no tenían otro color más que esos. Tal vez su perspectiva no era la educada en un etapa donde todo mundo comentaba que era el mejor siendo que podías hacer todo lo que quisieras, donde el arrepentimiento no existía pero Jonathan no actuaba de esa forma, él trabajaba diferente a los demás, el nunca hacia todas aquellas estupideces que tal vez eran lo que mejor definían a la adolescencia; era menos adolescente de lo que esperaba, ni siquiera un infante o adulto, se encontraba en una abertura donde las sombras acaparaban el espacio y con trabajo encajaba en ese sitio. Jonathan no era común, tampoco anormal, solo era un chico que aprendió a ver la vida en tonos negros y grises. Porque a él no le gustaban los colores que trataban de fingir que la vida era algo bueno e increíble. Tal vez debería ser malo que su opinión sobre esta rozara la amargura, la crueldad, la poca fe en el mundo, los deseos de otros por dominar, la falta de ayuda sin esperar algo a cambio, y más que nada el hecho de que ahora ayudar a otros significaba ayudarse a sí mismo aun si el mundo caía en pedazos. Porque Jonathan tenía conceptos más allá de lo que comúnmente se les podía describir, porque actuaba como un adulto al darse cuenta que en nada existen esperanzas. Porque se hundió con las sombras que solo la gente que veía la realidad las tenía, porque él era como otros que callaban, porque él era otro que seguía ahí a pesar de no encontrar un gran sentido, a pesar de que todo fuese tan inhumano y normal. Es que finalmente perdió el sentido de la aventura, de la curiosidad, del deseo de conocer nuevas fronteras y nuevas personas porque al final todo eran lo mismo. Personas que tarde o temprano conocerían a sus propias sombras. Cosas que perderían el sentido de lo que son. No era de sorprenderse que por esa razón decidiera evitar socializar, evitar el mundo en donde se encontraba pero aun así no encontrarse ausente de este, de mantenerse ahí mismo de pie nuevamente solo como mayormente lo ha estado pero aquello llegaba a ser tan reconfortante que el verdadero miedo seria que todo mundo de la nada se interesara por él. No soportaría tanta hipocresía junta. Así que solo se preparó para el apocalipsis de siempre, el de tener que marcharse a la escuela y tolerar que todos lo vieran como un fenómeno el cual contra apenas y alzaría la voz y la mano de forma obligada, porque ni siquiera para eso servía, porque ni siquiera para eso tenía motivación. Tal vez debería ser un milagro que ahora mismo se encontrara caminando en dirección a la parada del autobús y tomarlo, evitando sentarse con algún extraño o incluso mirarlo, hacer todo lo posible por evitar hacer contacto. Deberían darle un reconocimiento por hacer eso cada día de su miserable y estable vida. -Jonathan- Alzo la vista apenas, con cierto desinterés en su mirada antes de tener que poner su mano como soporte y no caer en seco contra su butaca, llevaba ya largos minutos garabateando algo sin sentido pero estaba seguro que aquello era mucho más lógico que los esfuerzos sobrehumanos de los profesores y concejales de hacerlo sentir mejor, de alentarle sobre la fe en la humanidad. No había nada más patético que eso, tener casi que arrastrarse para que alguien quisiera ser de algo que solo era una maldita ilusión bien organizada para el caos. -¿Podrías resolver el problema que está en el pizarrón?- Levanto una ceja ante la pregunta como si aquello fuese una ofensa, el nunca participa, el nunca pasaba el pizarrón ¿Cuándo entenderían que no deseaba ser partícipe de ese teatro mal hecho educacional? Si, tal vez se quejaba de mas, tal vez aquello no era tan malo…a quien engañaba eso era lo peor. Bajo su mirada a su cuaderno antes de volver a tomar el lápiz y darle decoraciones a lo que parecía ser el último álbum de Valhalla Soundbox que había salido. -Jonathan, pasa al frente si es que no quieres ir a la oficina del director- Suspiro antes de levantarse y teniendo que pasar al frente con desgana, empezando a quejarse en bajo mientras maldecía totalmente solo escuchando el murmullo de las personas tras de sí ¿Es acaso que no tenían algo mejor que hacer? La verdad era que no. Detestaba tanto estar al frente de tantas personas, el hecho de ser el centro de atención, el de las burlas silenciosas, lo detestaba por eso siempre lo evitaba, no era necesario averiguar el porqué después de todo las traiciones se veían en todos lados mayormente en los humanos. Tomo el plumón con cierto rencor antes de destaparlo y pasarlo lentamente por el pizarrón, si una persona odiaba pasar al pizarrón debería odiar aun mas que fuera en una pregunta de matemáticas y específicamente ecuaciones ¿En qué momento en la vida vas a pedir x cantidad de huevo? En ningún momento y si eso sucedía ¿Qué persona seria tan estúpida para pedir algo de esa forma? Resuelve el siguiente problema: 2 – (3x – 5)= 4 – 2x + 3 – x Había una leve diferencia entre no saber y el de no querer hacer nada, ninguno de esos dos le pertenencia ya que no le interesaba por lo cual solo termino poniendo claramente con aquel plumón negro \"No importa el resultado, todo se va ir al demonio\". Volvió a tapar el plumón, lo entrego y antes de soportar más las burlas o incluso los comentarios ignorantes regreso a su lugar con toda la calma del mundo; tomo sus cosas y las guardo, sabe que próximamente vendrá un regaño, una plática que rozaba con lo emocional y obviamente una nota para sus padres que falsificaría siendo que nunca los veía y las veces que era posible aquello los evitaba. No le gustaba sentirse rodeado, estaba tan acostumbrado a estar solo que nunca deseaba verlos aun cuando rara vez le llegase la curiosidad de tener un hermano pero ¿Para qué quería uno si quería arruinarle la vida que jamás conocería si se dedicaba a decirle las verdades? Seguramente el preferiría sumirse en los sueños sin desear regresar de ellos. El ya había perdido la fe pero tampoco tenía el afán de hacer que otros la perdieran por el simple hecho de que este no la tuviera. El timbre sonó y no se hicieron esperar el revuelto por querer salir primero por lo cual espero pacientemente a que todo el gentío saliera como si su vida dependiera de ello para ver como aquella maestra se acercaba su lugar con cierto aire de cansancio. -¿No crees que esa respuesta es un poco extraña?- -De alguna forma es correcta- Suspiro antes de acomodarse unos mechones tras su oreja y mirarlo fijamente -¿Podrías venir a la platica de la tarde? Sabes que hay muchos temas a escoger- Sonrió antes de levantarse, colgarse la mochila de un hombro y negar con la cabeza –Eso sería lo peor que podría hacer- y partió como si nada, sin arrepentimiento alguno de oponerse aquello ¿Cuándo entenderían que él no veía esperanza alguna? Y eso mismo era lo que lo hacía candidato perfecto para los juegos del propio inframundo, en donde cierto hombre escogía con tranquilidad a aquellos que deseaba hacerlos perder la cabeza porque no lo negaba era tan entretenido ver como las personas podían dejarse consumir en el propio mal que era tan sencillo de manipular como que este pudiera hacer lo mismo, cada día creciendo más, cada día consumiendo la cordura y el espíritu hasta el punto de darles a elegir si acabarlos con sus propias manos o dejar que la demencia fuera su nueva orden. Era tan placentero llegar a esos puntos por los cuales repaso con cuidado cada candidato perfecto para el trabajo, analizando cada posibilidad y travesura que podía haber hasta que finalmente se detuvo ante el pensamiento perfecto. -Pueden traerlo- ordeno al momento de apretar el botón que los comunicaba con ciertas personas que llegaba a tratar como se le regalara la gana, fueran sus mejores trabajadores o no, era quien mandaba en el infierno ¿Qué cosa podrían hacer estos? ¿Bendecirlo? Su risa llegaba a ser eco en aquella sala ante eso, solo mirando con cuidado aquella pantalla ¿Por qué no combinar dos mundos totalmente oscuros para que se consumieran en un vacío negro sin salida? Porque era perfecto, ambos estaban tan crudos en la fe que mientras más caía uno caería el otro. Porque a Mephistopheles no solo le gustaba hacer sufrir a los humanos, porque adoraba molestar a las almas jóvenes, aquellas que aun creían que podrían librarse de todo ello si seguían todo a la perfección. ¿Quién mejor que Sowachowski?[Chapter 2] Capitulo 2: Solo en la mente Porque el mundo se encontraba en crisis Porque todo era tan raro y diferente Porque todo finalmente se derrumbaba y se hacía añicos Solo porque su cordura se perdió en el vacío Solo porque se perdió en aquel eco que lo hacía sentir tranquilo Era confortante saber que finalmente había perdido Todo en él se volvía sombrío ¿E n qué momento todo se resumía a tener que revivir el pasado cada día? ¿En qué momento debías ver el peso de tus pecados mantenerte en el suelo? Pues ahora lo sabía y era cuando te encontrabas en ese lugar lleno de desesperación, de agonía, de sufrimiento, lleno de llanto desgarrador, gritos, suplicas. Porque todo ese lugar mostraba sin temor la tortura en la que se encontraban, porque eso no estaba hecho un paraíso; hablaba del inframundo de aquel lugar que se alimentaba de la miseria de aquellas almas perdidas en ese sitio, de la crueldad que promovían los demonios y por algún motivo le gustaba, parecía entretenerle. Porque lo hacía sentir tan normal en aquel lugar, porque por primera vez no tuvo miedo de ser criticado y para eso tan solo tuvo que morir. Curioso ¿No? Solo tuvo que suicidarse para sentirse en casa…no se arrepentía. -¿Napoleón Maxwell Sowachowski?- -Sock- corrigió antes de elevar el cuchillo de cocina que llevaba en mano mostrando que se encontraba aun su sangre en ella pues le gustaba jugar a volver a encajar en aquel agujero que ahora decoraba su pecho y que seguía escurriendo aun después de todo -Quiere verte en su oficina, intenta llegar a tiempo esta vez- -No entiendo el porqué de la puntualidad después de todo no entiende el tiempo- se quejo antes de hacerse ligero y dejar caer sus brazos fingiendo que los arrastraba al momento de empezar a caminar de forma perezosa y fastidiada, le aburría el tener que caminar tanto a pesar de que era poco porque para lo que ellos eran horas apenas eran unos insignificantes minutos -No entenderá el tiempo pero reconoce cuando uno lo desperdicia, no me hagas culpable de las atrocidades que te hare si lo haces enojar- -Aburrido- -Infantil- Hizo un leve puchero al momento en que este lo había llamado de esa forma siendo que él se consideraba lo suficientemente maduro para estar en ese sitio y afrontar la realidad que muchos se negaban a creer, claro que eso no lo hacía de una mente seria o tan siquiera elegante ya que aun si era un adolescente tendía a ser como un niño porque bueno ¿Qué clase de persona iba a hacer el esfuerzo de educar a alguien con tendencias homicidas a temprana a edad? Porque si sus padres lo intentaron debió ser con un esfuerzo para nada real lo único verídico era que al menos no lo habían considerado dejarlo morir en un manicomio. Era lo único que podía agradecer en esos momentos. -Deberían dejar de ser anticuados en este sitio, todos ya se están cayendo en pedazos justamente como tu- se quejo teniendo que avanzar con un paso molesto y maldiciones que apenas se alcanzaban a comprender pero no era necesario adivinar lo que escapaba de su boca después de todo estaban en el infierno ¿Qué cosas no se habían escuchado en ese sitio? Hasta las palabras santas resultaban ser groserías peores que las maldiciones Pero no iba a negar que cuando le tocaba volver a la oficina siempre terminaba distrayéndose con algo como las propias guerras que se relacionaban con otros sectores, personas que representaban perfectamente los 7 pecados capitales, uno que otro demonio que disfrutaba torturar almas nuevas en aquel sitio o incluso que estos jugaran con las ilusiones \"prometiendo\" que a cambio de trabajos y favores podrían salir de ese sitio. En ese punto no sabía si Mephistopheles permitía que estos fueran engañados de esa manera aunque le costaba dudarlo hablaba del dueño de todos y el único que tenia poder de esas tierras, debía ser aburrido aquel sitio con tanto poder y el hecho de dedicarse a toda la eternidad a atormentar personas; si él con la libertad de poder pasear donde quisiera mientras cumpliera su cuota le aburría. Admiraba cada lugar como si fuera algo nuevo a pesar de que en esos momentos algunos en ese punto estuvieran saludándolo por breves segundos, uno que otro ofreciéndole hacer algún desastre o travesura para matar el tiempo porque todos (o la gran parte) reconocían a otros y más si eras de los trabajadores especiales que tenían que torturar, molestar, acosar, atormentar en el mundo humano (pero no iba a negar que a veces aquello era entretenido como cuando algunos jugaban a la Ouija y estos decidían darles sustos tremendos o revelarles su muerte –a pesar de estar prohibido-) el pánico para ellos era el pan de cada día. Cuando se trataba de supervivencia contra el aburrimiento era lo que mejor hacían o cuando alguien creía que había invocado a un demonio por su propia cuenta. Porque en realidad el tiempo era tan eterno para ellos que uno llegaba a no comprenderlo y en esos breves instantes uno dudaba de la hora con la que se vivía: atrasarlo o adelantarlo ¿Qué estaba importando en esos momentos en que ni siquiera uno sabe en que día del año esta? ¿O en que estación se encuentra? O inclusive ¿Cómo uno sabia que se encontraba en el día de su cumpleaños? Saberlo iba a ser un milagro o que en realidad estuviera consciente de su alrededor y que administrara estos porque si a cualquiera llegabas a preguntar comúnmente era \"Ni siquiera sé donde he dejado mi reloj\" o \"¿Qué importa? No es como si fuera a irme de aquí\". A Sock no le satisfacían aquellas respuestas, no podía calmar la duda. Porque ahora que estaba muerto tenia curiosidad de cómo se desarrollaban otros en aquel mundo tan extraño en el cual alguna vez estuvo participando como otros millones pero de una forma diferente porque él estaba excluido de las personas \"normales\" porque él no se encontraba en la misma categoría que otros, porque a él lo habían tratado como a un fenómeno pero ¿Qué más da? Aun con todo el esfuerzo no hubiera cambiado, eran sus instintos nadie nunca podría callarlos o contenerlos para siempre si este lo hacía ¿Qué hubiera pasado? Seguramente volvería a estar orillado a matarse. Las cosas sucedían por una simple razón que todos desconocían, pero si lo conocieran ¿Cuántos terminarían perdiendo al final la cabeza? Por un momento se estaba cansando de caminar aunque no era tan lógico después de todo no es como si le fueran a doler las piernas o el pecho empezara a dolerle incluso que le costara respirar después de todo el no hacia ninguno de esos funcionamientos básicos que uno provocaba y otras que no; pero a veces la propia mente podría fingir ese dolor no tal como lo era cuando uno se encontraba siendo mortal pero al menos se acercaba al hecho de querer sentirse humano para poder quejarse. Era entretenido, uno nunca se sentía satisfecho con eso. -Hey Sock ¿Qué tal tu día?- pregunto al momento en posar su mentón en sus manos apoyándose sobre el escritorio y sonriéndole como siempre, nunca cambiaba su forma de recibimiento para el significaba elegancia -Entretenido, he visto competir a los de la gula con avaricia para ver quién era mejor y han hecho apuestas, la mayoría están apostando por gula han hecho cosas increíbles- alzo sus manos con cierta emoción mostrando de forma indirecta que aquello había sido un gran caos que a todo mundo tenía emocionado –Y he visto algunos nuevos intentando molestar a los asesinos y abogados corruptos, te sorprendería el cómo se han unido ¡Algunos se han encontrado con sus clientes en pleno conflicto!- -No debí haber preguntado- suspiro fastidiado teniendo que tomarse la punta de la nariz y dar un suspiro, en su no tiempo libre debería mandar a alguien a reparar los daños y dar un castigo a quienes se habían osado a iniciar todo eso aun sabiendo las advertencias que todo mundo conocía –Pero eso no es lo importante, veras hoy estamos en uno de esos momentos en los cuales tienes la oportunidad de ya sabes, salir flotando de este lugar para hacer cosas importantes- -¿Cómo trabajar?- -Exactamente- Solo observo cómo este daba un giro en su asiento para terminar dándose un impulso a los archiveros que tomo con una mano para sacar específicamente de un cajón carpetas llenas de diferentes personas, su información, salud mental y entre otros datos interesantes fueran postulantes para el infierno o no siempre habría el conflicto entre el paraíso y el inframundo de conseguir más personas para ellos, por ello el de tantos demonios activos, mientras más condenados mejores resultados. -Veras, hoy en estos momentos las almas adultas actúan con cierta monotonía haciendo que de alguna forma mayormente me pertenezcan al no tener fe por eso no me es preocupante ahora tenerlos en esos aspectos- al comentar esto no evitaba mover carpeta tras otras algunas sacándolas de ahí sin importancia como si aquellos no tuvieran que ir en esa clasificación –Pero ahora los adolescentes son mi adoración, se desilusionan con la humanidad de forma rápida y constante si a estos se les da la atención adecuada podrían cada quien tener la pose de bailarina- Abrió un poco la boca para poder decir algo pero al momento en que sus palabras iban hacer formuladas lo único que pudo salir fue un ruido que confirmaba el hecho de no haber comprendido aquello -¿Qué?- -Ya sabes, quedan en punta durante largas horas o días, depende de la calidad y a veces su peso incluso de si otros desean verlo ya en el suelo- hacia una mueca al momento de ver cuántos llevaba atrás hasta que finalmente alzo la carpeta con victoria esta vez aplaudiendo para que todo se acomodara en sus respectivo orden e incluso hubiera un nuevo archivero –Bien esto no es nuevo para ti ya sabes que se debe hacer aunque hay nuevas reglas- abrió el archivo para mostrárselo un par de minutos antes de cerrarlo y dejarlo en su escritorio – Como entenderás los adolescentes tienden a cambiar mucho de actitud y ser rebeldes por lo cual no deseo que te hagas un compañero y esas cosas, si te ve seguramente ignorara tus palabras y acciones aunque claro no me sorprendería aquello- -¿A qué te refieres con eso?- -A nada importante- miro su mano como si en ello estuviese revisando algo importante en sus uñas –Pero quiero que seas una molestia total y lo irrites quiero que le des razones para que, ya sabes, cuelgue los tenis y todo eso pero no deseo que seas visto- Siempre se preguntaba porque nunca pronunciaba la palabra suicidar a pesar de no ser su primer trabajo, sentía que era como si lo tratara ciertamente como un niño -¿No mostrarme? ¿Cómo quieres que haga eso?- -No lo sé, tal vez podrías ser un demonio el cual es invisible para la vista de los mundanos o si lo prefieres puedo ponerte pintura transparente- Frunció el ceño ante eso teniendo que cruzarse de brazos –Entiendo, no necesitas ser sarcástico- Rodo los ojos antes de levantarse y obligar a hacer este lo mismo para palmear su espalda y pegarlo el documento a su pecho con fuerza - Es una forma de hablar Sowachowski no lo tomes con importancia y recuerda se como una sombra que no se refleja, o serlo no importa solo ya vete- Lo miro de reojo teniendo que poner ambas manos en el pecho para sostener la información -¿No quieres esperar a que sea el día siguiente?- Fingió que lo pensaba aunque claramente ya tenía la respuesta en la punta de la lengua –Uh, no, has como quieras quiero que marches hoy allá arriba- -Pero…- -No se te ocurra fallarme Sock- Y solo escucho como la puerta se terminaba cerrando tras su espalda. A veces en los únicos momentos en que se sentía tranquilo era cuando finalmente se encontraba en aquella cancha techada en la cual podía practicar basquetbol, no era como si el deporte en realidad le ayudara a sentirse mejor con el resto de las personas pero si ayudaba a entretenerse y pensar en otras cosas como que eran un asco de equipo o más bien su equipo era un asco; la palabra ayuda con ellos significaba signo de rendirse y darles la bendición de que te patearan con todo el gusto del mundo. No le extrañaba no confiar en ellos. Pero le hacía pensar que incluso eso trataba de una sobrevivencia cruda, brusca y legítima después de todo hablábamos de lo cruel que pueden llegar ser las personas con tan solo de cumplir sus propios objetivos, de que llegábamos a ser seres sin corazón ni alma solo deseando ver a otros caer antes que nosotros pero ¿Quién no haría eso? ¿Quién no sería capaz de sacrificar a alguien más si eso significaba conseguir tus propias metas y objetivos? Nadie, todo mundo haría aquello. Sintió como el balón terminaba en sus manos en un lanzamiento que técnicamente iba dirigido a su cara. Por un momento agradeció el hecho de que reaccionara rápido aunque eso no significaba que pudiera haber evitado el segundo que fue directo a su estomago solo haciendo que sacara el aire que tenía guardado y dejara caer el primero; hizo el gran esfuerzo de no querer devolvérselos con la ira que se le acumulaba pero al escuchar el pito del entrenador tuvo que calmarse: nada de conflictos dentro de la cancha afuera todo vale. Se preguntaba en qué momento aquello iba aplicar para todos y no solo exclusivamente para su persona. -Bien chicos sé que esto es cansado pero no somos un par de jovencitas que solo vienen a charlar de sus parejas o contarse sobre sus sentimientos, venimos a jugar y mostrar que nosotros somos los mejores jugadores ¡No voy a aceptar a nadie que no quiera dar lo mejor de sí incluso en los entrenamientos!- Su voz llegaba a aturdir a cualquiera que estuviera cerca de este puesto que su voz era tan escandalosa que aseguraba que se podría apreciar incluso más allá del gimnasio. - ¡Jonathan Combs, al centro y con balón!- Obedeció al momento en que tuvo que inclinarse para tomar uno de los proyectiles las cuales atentaron por un momento hacia su físico obligándose a poner la mejor cara al momento de tener que dirigirse a donde se le ordenaba teniendo que tomar aire, quería maldecir a todos en alto y seguramente lanzar el balón lo más fuerte que pudiera hacia otro sin importar quién. -Quiero que tires a la canasta- -Como si él pudiera hacer aquello- Aquella burla acompañada de risas bajas hizo que gruñera para el mismo teniendo que darles la espalda para concentrarse en su lanzamiento, conto de forma lenta hasta tres, a veces teniendo que pausar el conteo ante otro comentario que lo sacaba de quicio hasta que finalmente se pudo calmar; estaba listo ahora que se encontraba levemente tranquilo, alzo las manos dispuesto a darle propulsión al balón cuando sintió algo frío cerca de él y solo tuviera que detenerse. Miro a todos lados buscando la causa de ello pero nadie parecía haberse movido de su lugar. -El fracaso no quiere esperarte todo el día- Miro de reojo al dueño de esas palabras solo teniendo que mostrar el desprecio en su rostro dispuesto nuevamente a cumplir el objetivo pero de nuevo aquella sensación gélida pasó por su cuerpo. \" Pero qué demonios…\" -¿Cuánto se supone que tarda el tiro?- De forma discreta volvió a mirar a cada lado buscando a una persona ajena a sus compañeros pero nadie mas estaba, pero a nadie le pertenecía aquella voz. Se mantuvo en silencio por un par de segundos y al asegurarse de que no había más interrupciones u fantasías decidió volver a intentarlo pero al momento en que iba a soltar el balón sintió como algo dentro de él daba una reacción a tener que azotar en el suelo el balón. -No sé mucho de basquetbol pero te aseguro que eso no se hace en un tiro- -Sabia que eras patético pero no aseguraba que lo fueras tanto- Y como si algo lo alentara a perder la calma no evito caminar hasta donde se encontraban los balones de repuesto y lanzarlos con furia contra este más que nada cansado de esa estúpida actitud tan fastidiosa; dejo dominarse por el instinto de venganza que se apaciguo al momento de escuchar otro pitido y una mano robusta detener el ataque. Parpadeo varias veces antes de tener que soltar el balo que se encontraba en su mano y darse cuenta de la situación en la que acababa ser el centro de atención ante aquella escena de violencia de alguna forma moderada no es como si tratara de matarlo de esa forma. -A la oficina del director ¡Ahora!- Estaba desconcertado pero solo termino tomando su mochila entre quejas que no salían de su boca, caminando con fuerza al momento de retirarse y mirar como ahora su compañero se encontraba en el suelo sosteniendo su cabeza y otros cuidándolo no sin antes gritarle tantas cosas que no eran una sorpresa. Sabía que aquello había estado mal, sabía que se dejo caer en la tentación de darle una lección pero se llegaba a sentir bien a pesar de hacer añicos la calma con la que se podía caracterizar, había algo que lo alentó a continuar aun sin importar lo que hubiera pasado. Se sentía condenadamente bien. -Entonces ¿Por dónde queda la oficina del director?- Y al darse cuenta que esa voz provenía dentro de sí tuvo que negar con la cabeza antes de sostenerla quedándose unos segundos quietos para recapacitar ¿En qué momento su cabeza le hablaba con naturalidad? ¿Desde cuándo había permitido aquello? Estaba llegando a otros límites por los cuales solo decidió cerrar sus ojos y concentrarse. -He perdido la cabeza- susurro para sí mismo teniendo que sobar sus sienes en espera a que el estrés fuera causante de eso -He visto gente sin cabeza tu aun la tienes pero si no la deseas podrías matarte- -Necesito un psicólogo- al escuchar como el otro refutaba ante ello solo le quedo tener que dar media vuelta para buscar a la enfermera –O medicina para el estrés- -¿Me estas tratando como una enfermedad? Eso es humillante- -Cállate- -¡No! ¿Qué sentirías tú si alguien te confundiera con la gripe? Sería lo peor- -¿Y si sales de mi cabeza?- -¿Y si realmente es mi cabeza?- - Argh- se dio una palmada en la frente antes de observar como otros lo miraban extrañado Si, alguien debía advertirle que se encontraba hablando solo.[Chapter 3] Capítulo 3: Barreras Porque a pesar de poder irse se sentía atrapado Aquella mente era extrañamente encantadora Tan anormal, tan diferente, le empezaba a fascinar No era el infierno era más reconfortante que eso Lo único que hacia imperfecto todo aquello Era que no era la única voz que participa en ese extraño mundo oculto en su cabeza Lo juraba por todo lo que quería (y eso que pocas cosas realmente adoraba) de que había intentado ignorarlo, de fingir que era cosa del estrés acumulado, el de la presión por la sociedad a que se adaptara a su entorno. Podía jurar cualquier cosa incluso de apostar su vida de que daba todo su esfuerzo por callar a esa voz que le resultaba molesta al aferrarse las mismas ideas, a las mismas manipulaciones y sugerencias. Pero todo resultaba tan inútil aquella voz parecía como si tuviera vida propia no como las otras que mantenía apartadas en diferentes rincones de su mente aguardando el momento en que les diera poder, esta vez no era necesario permitirlas esta se dirigía sola atacando en cualquier momento; le frustraba más de lo que pensaba, el de no poder tener el control sobre sus emociones y pensamientos ya que nunca debía permitir que estos se llegasen a manifestar con tanta naturalidad y confianza. Si eso pasaba ni el mismo aseguraba lo que pasaría, lo desconocía, desconocía más allá del punto de su vista y tal vez eso pudiera asustarle el de no tener alguna idea ni siquiera cercana a lo que sucediera si dejaba que las sombras lo alentaran a seguir con cualquier idea estúpida que se guardara. Pero era Jonathan Combs, necesitaba mantenerse calmado en un mundo que se encontraba en ruinas o al menos el mundo que el mismo miraba. La humanidad incluso lo que él pensaba que era \"alma\" empezaban a ser manipulados por aquellas cosas que solo harían que todo mundo se perdiera en las lagunas mentales que sofocaran cualquier esperanza no importa que tan inútil o torpe sea. -Hey Jonathan ¿Qué vamos a hacer hoy?- Siempre a la misma hora, no importaba el día de la semana se encontraba ahí hablándole como si fuera alguien que se encontrase a su lado, casi con la tonalidad de ser un viejo amigo aquellos que se conoce desde la infancia y vuelves a encontrar después de tiempo. Era tétrico, el no recuerda ni siquiera si alguien en su vida le había prometido volverse a encontrar y si era así tal vez aquello había fallado como la mayoría de sus \"promesas\" de hacer un intento de ver todo alrededor como algo estupendo. -Lo mismo de siempre ¿Por qué deberías seguir haciendo la misma pregunta? Nada cambia todo es tan normal ¿Entiendes?- -¿Qué?- -Me preparo algo, desayuno, me dirijo a la escuela, soporto 10 horas casi diarias de educación, debo hacer las tareas, regresar a casa y evitar a todo el mundo, hacer cualquier necesidad básica que se interponga y al final de todo dormir- acabo de preparar su emparedado antes de colocarlo en una bolsa transparente –Y en la mayoría de esas horas hacer el inútil esfuerzo de no hacerte caso pareciera como si tus estupideces fueran lo único real en esto y no me quedara de otra más que escucharlo aun si me parecen absurdas la mayor parte del día- Hubo un silencio, no fue necesidad de tener el porqué se callaba simplemente dejo de lado el desayuno antes de contar sus dedos hasta llegar a los 5 y estirar la mano como si fuera a presentar algo. - Tú eres el único que escucha cosas absurdas- -Me lo esperaba- -¿Ahora a que te refieres?- -A que te quejaras sobre mi comentario, después disimularas que esto no te lo he dicho y volveré a ignorarte mientras escucho mi música, harás hasta lo imposible para que vuelva a prestarte atención y lo hare y cuando te sientas satisfecho se repetirá la misma rutina hasta que llegue a casa y te ignore como a los otros- -¿Cuáles otros?- -No eres con la primera voz que lidio tampoco serás el ultimo, no eres especial ¿Comprendes? Tendrás más tiempo pero al final terminaras siendo nada. No lo tomes personal, no me importa demasiado si eso te hiere solo eres una voz entre tantas que ignoro en una mente ya corrompida ¿Qué esperabas? ¿Ser el favorito o el único?- miro el reloj antes de tomar todo y colocarse sus audífonos como si ya estuviera preparado para comenzar con la continuidad de su condena –Intenta tomarte un respiro, no quisiera que me sangraran los tímpanos de tanto escucharte- Ya no hubo más conversación que esa ya que Sock por unos momentos se mantuvo en silencio, ofendido y de alguna forma herido ¿Qué no se supone que en esos días había puesto su empeño en que todo mundo viera que estaba loco? ¿Es acaso que no merecía un reconocimiento por su esfuerzo en vez de ser ofendido? Eso era el colmo, no le gustaba que aquel mortal se tomara la total libertad de criticarlo era molesto, no es como si le importara ser uno de los otros mientras él fuera quien cumpliera el objetivo pero no iba a negarlo, le era irritante ser comparado por cosas que pensaba que ni siquiera podían llegar a compararse a lo que era. Era realmente indignante, nunca en su vida fue algo todo mundo prefería ignorarlo por ser extraño y ahora lo reducían a una insignificante voz y lo consideraban irritante; tal vez estuviera tomándole mucha importancia a aquello. Era simplemente que no soportaba el hecho de volver a ser nada y aun mas para alguien que por el momento no lo ha considerado anormal a pesar de que se supone que lo comparaba con un producto de su imaginación. -No estás hecho para esto muchacho- -¿Eh?- -Eres demasiado joven y bastante hiperactivo, no estás a su nivel de madurez ni pensamientos eres demasiado infantil- -¿Estás diciendo que yo no estoy apto para atormentarlo?- -Me alegra que lo comprendas, si ya está aclarado deberías marcharte no estás como lo has aclarado apto para soportar todas las otras voces, no serás escuchado, no tienes gran poder sobre el- -Creo que me estas subestimando ustedes son productos imaginarios en cambio yo soy real, soy un demonio y sé que puedo manipular a otros sé lo que es, puedo tener toda la información que quiera ¿Ustedes que pueden llegar hacer? ¿Ser una molestia?- Nunca antes se había dado cuenta, las voces estaban conscientes de su existencia en aquel mundo de oscuridad en el cual no se podía observar nada extravagante, anormal, todo era común, tan tranquilo y silencioso, era el lugar perfecto para escapar incluso mejor que el infierno ya que a pesar de que estos existían mayormente son los que no alzaban la voz exceptuándolo. Por primera vez escuchaba como estos se dirigían a él y no hacia el rubio/castaño con el cabello cortado en estilo de animación. Risas bajas, roncas y pesadas empezaron a hacer presencia casi como si fueran susurros, parecían como si estuvieran rodeándolo confundiéndose con su entorno, a veces pensaba que la vista que uno tenía en sus propios pensamientos era lo que uno deseaba más que nada y Jonathan al tener todos los lugares llenos de oscuridad dudaba si tuviera algo como eso. Voces chocando con las risas, un idioma irreconocible se hacía presencia hasta el punto en que no estaba seguro a que dirección mirar parecía que se sofocaba era mucho más extraño que el infierno, ahí no sabias lo que podría pasar, no sabía en qué territorio estaba jugando. Todo era tan nuevo a pesar de tener tiempo para acostumbrarse. -Oh pequeño, nosotros podemos manipular a Jonathan como queramos, podrá poner resistencia todo el tiempo que quiera pero al final siempre caerá gracias a nuestra causa no tiene esperanzas, su alma está a punto de ser consumida ¿Qué es lo que vienes a hacer tu aquí? ¿Jugar con algo que no es tuyo? ¿Llevarte el crédito de todo lo que hemos cometido?- Eso lo molesto, por supuesto que él no se estaba haciendo el inútil en todo ello –Yo no me llevo el crédito de nadie, no son de importancia- Silencio, hubiera preferido el ruido inesperado de algo pero comentarios bajos escapaban sutilmente cada frase cargada con cierto sentimiento de diversión tétrica -¿Por qué se supone que estoy aquí? ¿Qué hago en este mundo? Todo es tan raro, no me puedo sentir como otros, ni siquiera con mi familia. Estoy solo, la gente me deja de esta manera- No quería admitirlo pero era sorprendente la forma en la que estos sonaban idénticos a Jonathan. -Lo único que hago es preocupar a las personas y aun así no me interesan complacerlas en aquello, prefiero hablar con cosas inexistentes que reales, lo único que me queda es la música pero no es suficiente, no me satisface- -¿Por qué yo no puedo hacer sufrir a otros?- -Si todos tienen un motivo ¿Qué se supone que hace una persona que no tiene uno? Tal vez no debí existir- No creía que aquello en verdad lo afectara, eran solo palabras, pensamientos que cambiaban tantas veces de tonalidad de voz, de situaciones pero cada vez que miraba las acciones del otro como el de torcer la boca, dibujar aun mas rápido hasta el punto de reventar la punta del lápiz, el cómo gruñía o se hacia el cabello para atrás con fuerza. En realidad parecía molestarle que estos se estuvieran manifestando pero al momento encontraba un punto de calma no importa en donde, no importa si aquello lo llevaba a participar en clases; era sumamente curioso aquello, el cómo hacia un sobreesfuerzo por ignorarlos. Simplemente llegaba a sorprenderle. -¿Cómo es que quieres tu lograr eso si eres tan insignificante?- -Es sorprendente- -Al fin, podrás ir…- -No sabía que soportaba las mismas cosas que en el infierno y todo eso acumulado en su cabeza ¿De dónde han salido?- -¿Qué?- -Sus voces son como todas aquellas almas que se encuentran en pena diciendo cada vez sus sufrimientos, las veces en que no encontraron salida y la mayoría se le une pero el no, el esta ignorándolas ¿Cómo hace eso?- -¿Por qué eso te interesa?- -¡Porque es asombroso! Nunca conocía a ningún humano que pudiera soportar tanto- -¿Qué clase de voz homicida se supone que eres?- -¡Cállense!- exigió en un gruñido y en un grito muy bien disimulado al momento en que tuve que tapar sus oídos por unos segundos –Me están provocando jaqueca desde hace un buen rato ¿¡No podrían cerrar sus ideas de suicidio, homicidio, lo que sea por unos minutos!? Tengo una estúpida prueba en este estúpido momento y lo único que quisiera escuchar son mis estúpidas quejas sobre eso- Cuando sintió que todo volvía a su lugar, que nuevamente podía tener el control suspiro teniendo que volver a sacarle punta a su lápiz y hacer el intento de concentrarse en las preguntas porque tal vez muchos en ese punto se preguntaban ¿Cómo demonios conseguía mantenerse en ese sitio siendo que nunca participaba y cuando lo hacia lo mostraba de la peor forma? Haciendo trabajos, tareas, exámenes de una forma extraordinaria ya que en realidad no era tonto tampoco un superdotado pero tenía conocimiento suficiente como para sobresalir y no desear ser premiado por ello. Es simplemente algo que él entendía, no le gustaba estar ahí pero si se dejaba vencer, si se dejaba derrumbar ¿En donde quedaría el luchar por encontrar algún significado aun cuando aseguraba que no había ninguno? A veces parecía que se contradecía pero muy en el fondo estaba consciente de que deseaba saber a dónde lo llevaría todo aquello si tan solo soportaba estar ahí, aunque sea un poco más. - Sock- Alzo la mirada deteniéndose por un momento como si en esos momentos estuviese a punto de dar un regaño a alguien que le estuviese molestando aunque claramente eso era. -¿Sock?- -Puedes llamarme así Jonathan ya que vamos a convivir por un buen tiempo me gustaría que supieras algo de mí, yo sé tu nombre es justo que tu sepas el mío- -Definitivamente las voces tienen algo conmigo- Y parecía como si este pusiera una barrera entre ellos cada vez mayor pero Sock era lo suficientemente insistente para encontrar la forma de derrumbarlos después de todo ¿Por qué dejar que ese paraíso fuera para todos si él podía conseguirlo? Bueno quisiera agradecerles primeramente por leer esta historia, se que para muchos este fandom está un poco olvidado y oxidado pero me gusta darles una vida nueva a estos personajes mientras no se haga una nueva animación con ellos, por supuesto que ellos no me pertenecen pero si esta historia. Por si no ha quedado claro en estos primeros capítulos Sock se está haciendo pasar como una de las voces que a veces todas las personas tenemos por eso no hay acciones al menos no aún y justamente quise que interactuara con una de ellas ya que por ahora son como las emociones y pensamientos que Jonathan refleja en el interior. Aclarando unas cosas: -No sé exactamente cuántos capítulos tendrá ni en qué momento exacto estos dos se conocerían mejor -Pueden encontrar esta categoría en movies por si quieren sumarse al fandom en español que yo creo que acabo de abrir en Fanfiction -Lo de reviews bueno ya saben que me alegra saber que ustedes le dan oportunidad a lo que yo hago Bienvenido a todos aquell s que apenas conocen el fandom, ojala les guste.[Chapter 4] Capítulo 4: \"Mejores amigos\" Vuela lo más alto que puedas Corre hasta que no puedas más Tú y yo sabemos que es imposible escapar Pero eso no nos detendrá así que salgamos huyendo Y encontremos el camino para que tú y yo sigamos siendo mejores amigos Aunque sea el único que nos considera como eso -24- -Sock en serio no debes…- -Ya lo sé ¡20!- -Estoy hablando con seriedad, no sabes…- -Está bien, tienes razón, son 30- -En realidad el resultado es 15- -Ya lo sabía de todas formas, solo quería darte la oportunidad de que me ganaras- Suspiro al momento de rodar los ojos, desde que sabe el nombre de aquella voz que tanto lo molestaba ahora no lo dejaba en paz ni siquiera cuando de lo debía rogar en quejidos que deseaba un momento a solas, se sentía tan observado que el hecho de bañarse o cambiarse de ropa era literalmente una prueba de pudor. Claro que a pesar de su incomodidad debía hacerlo no es como si se fuera a quedar con la misma ropa por siempre aunque desde que se volvía tan constante su estancia procuraba mantenerla limpia y con buen olor para no cambiarse y reducir sus duchas hasta el punto en hacerlo 3 veces por semana, era su forma de mantener todo en orden cuando estaba seguro que estaba volviéndose paranoico; igual, no es como si realmente hubiera una gran diferencia a como siempre se veía. -Lo que digas pero ¿Ya puedo hacer yo solo mi tarea?- remarco aquellas palabras para darle a entender que su ayuda simplemente estropeaba todo, tanto como en el resultado y su paciencia -¿No tienes a otra mente que atormentar u organizar tus argumentos sobre el suicido, el infierno o algo así?- pregunto con la leve esperanza de que aquello fuese una posibilidad de que lo dejara tranquilo -Realmente no, pero estas de suerte eso significa que estaremos más tiempo para convivir- -Mi vida es un infierno- Y solo el golpe de su cara contra su libro fue lo suficiente para afirmarlo. Ya no importaba si aquello dejaba marcas las matemáticas tenían demasiado problemas y el probablemente tuviera más que estas o incluso más complicadas hasta el punto en que llegaba a compararse con una materia que la gran mayoría de personas odiaba; su humor cada vez saltaba de una empinada esperando a romperse o traspasar el suelo. -No es tan malo, bueno lo es bastante pero ¿Qué esperabas? Esas cosas son tan extrañas y complicadas- -Estás hablando de ecuaciones de primer grado es algo sencillo comparado con las otras aparte son complicadas porque tu estas aquí molestando ¿Ni siquiera podrías tener la consideración de dejarme hacerla? ¿Qué tanto te cuesta darme unos minutos de tu tiempo para permitirme completarla?- estaba molesto, primero fue con español, luego ciencias y ahora matemáticas, no podía estar concentrado si este jugaba con su calma y concentración -Creo que demasiado, estoy aburrido tal vez si me entretienes podría dejarte acabarla- -¿Quieres que me maquille todo el rostro y haga estupideces para hacerte sentir mejor?- -¿Cómo un payaso? Ugh, no, cuando terminan en el infierno son bastantes irritantes ¿Qué tal si la haces mejor de mago?- -Mejor continua con lo que estabas haciendo- estaba desesperado pero tampoco iba para tanto -Bien no un mago pero debe haber algo que no te cueste hacer y sea rápido, tú decides si querer hacer tu tarea con tranquilidad o podría decirte más cosas que seguramen- Se levantó de inmediato de su asiento solo teniendo que caminar en dirección a su closet y sacar una funda negra enorme para depositarla en su cama y enseguida descubrirla, mostrando aquella guitarra que muy rara vez llegaba a utilizar al menos dentro de su hogar ya que, bueno, no le gustaba la idea de que otras personas lo escucharan tocando aun si eran de su propia sangre pero era tanta la necesidad de querer estar \"solo\" que no dudaba en poner una excepción esta vez. -¿Qué te parece si te toco algo? Así por lo menos no debo escucharte por lo que me resta de resolver- -¿Quieres tocarme algo? ¡Genial! ¿Qué vas a tocar?- -Algo de Valhalla Soundbox, sigo estudiando la acústica de \"Fucking Paradise\"- informo al momento en que lo afinaba o al menos la afinación que a él le gustaba que tuvieran las cuerdas -¿Prometes que si te toco esto estarás en paz por lo menos hasta que termine mi tarea?- -Tienes mi palabra como demonio- -Bien- Se acercó nuevamente al escritorio teniendo que tomar su celular y desconectar sus audífonos púrpuras para poder encontrar el archivo donde solo se encontraban las voces de aquellos cantantes, estaba acostumbrado a guiarse por la voz de estos. Podría decirse que era el único proyecto del que verdaderamente ponía todo su empeño para conseguirlo; era gracioso cada vez que lo recordaba era como si en ese momento en que se esforzaba para que todo aquello fuera perfecto lo hiciera en verdad feliz, aunque sea por unos minutos, aunque sea que por un minúsculo periodo de tiempo sonriera con calma, con necesidad de sentirse orgulloso de todo eso. Tomo aire antes de ponerse en los primeros acordes que el recordaba con lo que se empezaba, nunca antes se le vio obligado a presentar el único hobby que tenía y sentía que era lo suyo, que era la mejor calma que conseguiría en notas tan fuertes y llenas de seguridad y determinación, no iba a negar que en el fondo se encontraba nervioso ya que la idea de fallar en algo que realmente le gustaba era…horrible. \"Because I've spent long enough to know that this world is a paradise, because nobody cares if you consume drugs, if you have sex without sense or if you're motherfucker with children\" Ignoro todo aquello que podría complicar sus sentidos, solo concentrarse en la letra y sus manos sin importar mucho la letra extrañamente cruda ni el hecho de que el sonido que provocaba era realmente violento como si la forma en la que consiguiera era literalmente poner sus dedos en juego, en poner toda la desesperación e ira en cada cuerda que pasaban por sus dedos. Cada letra, cada verso que pasaba era lo que lo distraía susurrando una que otra parte que muy bien recordaba, dejaba los silencios en golpes de su mano contra la madera para no dejar que todo el ruido anterior se extinguiera como si forzara de aquella manera a no perder el ritmo en la que se encontraba atrapado, no había necesidad de abrir los ojos en esos segundos ya que dejaba fluir todas las emociones que cargaba en esos segundos. Porque era la única forma en la que él se sintiera realmente vivo, tan libre. Era el mundo que él conocía en ese momento, donde solo existía aquella música que le dejaba claro que todo aquello debía ser el paraíso de los pecadores, que todo aquello estaba literalmente hecho solo para los que estaban dispuestos a pasar de todo; era tan tranquilo saber que ese pensamiento podían compartirlo miles, que ese pensamiento aun las mantuviera de pie haciéndoles recordar que justamente todos los humanos alguna vez nos convertíamos en pecadores, en unos hijos de puta sin piedad aunque sea por unos momentos. \"Because this is the fucking paradise since it is as if we were in the same hell\" El ultimo acorde que dio para dejarlo sonar y abrir los ojos, nunca había sentido tanto dolor en las manos como en ese momento en que se esforzó por poder hacerlo mejor que otras veces para que ambos estuvieran satisfechos. Para que principalmente el mismo lo estuviera de su esfuerzo. -Eso fue…asombroso- -Gracias…supongo, ahora cállate y déjame acabar mi tarea- -¿Esto significa que somos mejores amigos? Has tocado para mí y no tuve que pedirlo ¿Ya me tienes aprecio?- -¿Qué? ¡No!, ¿No se supone que me orillaste a esto para conseguir al menos un poco de calma?- -Pudiste haberlo pedido de forma amable, seguramente hubiera aceptado- -Argh- tomo su cabello para jalarlo hacia abajo teniendo que dejar la guitarra a un lado para regresar a su silla con fuertes pisadas -¡Más te vale no hablar!- grito en el momento en que se sentó y respiraba rápidamente haciendo un ruido con su nariz que reflejaba molestia al dejar escapar aire de forma violenta -No lo hare, al menos hasta que no acabes- -Silencio- sentencio antes de volver a tomar el lápiz para ver el siguiente problema Y cuando estuvo seguro de que el otro no comentaría otra cosa tonta pudo finalmente suspirar para poder despejar unos segundos su cabeza para continuar. … Era extraño ese sentimiento que crecía cada vez más en él, era una sensación que lo dominaba totalmente y lo hacía sentir tan extraño ya que era como si alguien estuviera parado a su lado mientras observaba lo que hacía, recostado en la parte lateral de su cuerpo ya que el suave viento helado que no debía existir en su habitación se manifestaba cerca de su mejilla, cuello y oído, porque también no recuerda haber tenido un peso extra anteriormente en su vida y ahora que finalmente había conseguido silencio sucedía aquello. Era tan peculiar esa situación, sentía tantas cosas que no sentía pero con la llegada de Sock…No, no iba a dejarse influenciar por aquellos juegos mentales tan absurdos. Simplemente estaba estresado, eso debía ser. Coloco la gorra de su sudadera sobre su cabeza antes de asegurar y encorvarse más hasta el punto en que sus brazos podían estar acostados y no molestarle al momento de seguir haciendo la operación aunque cada vez más sentía que el peso aumentaba sobre el solo haciéndolo respirar de forma pesada y costosa, sentía el pecho contra el escritorio y estaba consciente de que no era una parálisis de sueño; siguió ignorándolo a pesar de que él era quien sufría esas consecuencias pero iba a lo mismo seguiría asegurando que aquello solo era la presión, que nada raro sucedía. Aunque de todos modos ¿En qué aspecto de su vida era normal o al menos significativo? -¿Ya vas a terminar?- -¿Qué paso con tu palabra de demonio?- pregunto tan bajo antes de fruncir el ceño y apurarse a terminar aquello de la mejor forma, mientras aquello lo salvara no le importaría dedicarle aunque sea lo necesario (que rozaba a lo mínimo) por dar un resultado cercano o correcto -Tiene horas de caducidad, hagamos algo solo haces que me quede dormido en mitad del trabajo- -Lamento no ser lo suficientemente interesante pero es algo de lo que ya deberías estar advertido aparte yo no fui hecho para el entretenimiento ¿Quedo claro?- -Me mataras de aburrimiento, no pude conseguirme a un mejor amigo más aburrido- -No soy tu amigo- -Dímelo cuando le toques una canción a alguien que no sea así, amigo- No le importo si algo salía mal en ese momento simplemente tomo impulso para volver a recobrar la compostura y sentir como el peso que alguna vez cargo ya no se encontraba como si al hacer eso hubiera tirado fuera lo que sea al suelo, mentalmente deseaba que si este fuera real aquello hubiera ocurrido incluso anhelaba que si pudiera, sintiera dolor por el golpe que seguramente se ha otorgado contra el suelo. Con sus manos se empujó para atrás para alejarse con todo y silla antes de levantarse, con las manos hechas puños y los dientes haciendo fuerza con los otros -¿¡Que es lo que no entiendes!? ¡Quiero estar solo! No eres mi amigo, nadie es mi amigo y apréndelo de una vez ¡Deja de estar molestando cada día con lo mismo! ¿Desde cuando tienes el interés de intentar convencerme de que somos algo? Eres una voz tan irritante ¿Qué no puedes aceptar esa realidad?- no tendía a explotar sus emociones de esa manera, siempre evitaba mostrar incluso los de molestia pero ya eran días enteros con las mismas cosas absurdas, no podía cargarlo siempre - ¡Solo mírame, estoy gritándole a la nada!- No hubo ni una sola respuesta pero el mismo peso se hacía presente pero ahora era imposible mover sus brazos, cada uno se encontraba a un costado haciendo la lucha por librarse de cuerdas irreales; estaba atado. Genial, ahora se veía tan patético en esa situación. -Oh Jonathan ¡Eres tan divertido! Eres una bomba humana ¡Siempre puedo jugar a activarla! Has hecho que las cosas no son tan malas por eso eres un buen amigo- Nuevamente libre con la horrible sensación de irritación que le recorría a su cuerpo de pies a cabeza y sin dudar la necesidad de tener que romper/dañar/lastimar alguien o algo de forma urgente ya que necesitaba volver a encontrar la calma, a mantener la cabeza fría. -No te preocupes estaremos toda la eternidad juntos al menos hasta que decidas matarte- Y a continuación lo único que sucedió para contestar aquella frase era que lanzo su libro por la ventana. El libro de matemáticas tenía más suerte que él.[Chapter 5] Bueno, he actualizado ayer y mayormente me tarde entre 3-5 días en actualizar ya sea por asuntos de educación o por el hecho de que realmente no tengo inspiración absoluta pero eso no evita que quiera agradecer a todos ustedes que han leído esta historia, por simple curiosidad o por el hecho de que me dieron una oportunidad siendo que creo yo fui la primera en darle paso al fandom latinoamericano. No es la primera vez que hago esto y no es la primera vez que me siento agradecida por todos ustedes. Consideren esto como un regalo, no se confundan, no tiene relación con la historia a no ser...no, no tiene. Que lo disfruten. -AutorDesconocido \" ENTRE EL INFIERNO Y EL CIELO\" Porque nos han de alejar cada vez que puedan Porque está prohibido que el cielo y el infierno se puedan amar Porque demonios y ángeles nunca se han de tocar Pero no puedo soportar la simple idea de tenerte cerca Y no poder perderme entre el roce de tus manos E ra curioso como en una parte exacta de los mundos de los mortales se llegaba a conectar el mismo inframundo con el paraíso logrando observar cómo demonios y ángeles entraba y salían con almas, el como el intercambio de estas surgían, aquel aire era una caótica calma, cada bando haciendo lo mejor que les caracterizaba. Ellos mismos luchaban por librarse de esa tortura, ningún ente soportaba ver a los contrarios, el ver como se llevaban sus almas a otro lado o el simple hecho que los mismos dueños de todos los trabajadores debatían en una lucha por el bien y el más; era tan excitante pertenecer aquello a pesar de que podría explotarte la cabeza , era un riesgo que le gustaba correr. A Sock le fascinaba tanto esa ubicación, podía observar a todos sin que a nadie le importara aquello, porque podía hacer sus maldades con toda la libertad, el de molestar a los propios seres de divinidad pura e incluso robarse almas sin ningún arrepentimiento al final, era lo suyo, todo eso era perfecto. Pero el paraíso se volvería cada vez más costoso, mucho más difícil de lo que creía ya que cierto individuo se presentó justo como si fuera un milagro… Porque entre todas los demonios, porque entre todos los ángeles se encontraba aquel ser de cabello rubio con la parte más baja de un tono oscuro, sobresaliendo al par de mostrar que sus alas eran de una tonalidad negra diferente a los demás, que el observaba desde lejos a cada uno, que en sus propios ojos no se encontraba aquella luz que los otros reflejaban. Era tan curioso como un ser de luz no reflejaba aquello. Y no lo podía evitar con el paso de los días, de las horas y los segundos era un deseo difícil de contener, deseaba tanto conocer a aquel ser que se alejaba de todos ellos que se suponía que eran iguales a él, que nunca se dejaba uno atrás. Era curioso, tentador, volvía a morir por la curiosidad. -¿Qué hace un ángel tan solo?- pregunto con un toque de burla para inclinar su cabeza hacia un lado –Pensaba que todos eran uno- No escucho respuesta o comentario alguno solo podía observar como este se alejaba desinteresado a otro lado observando en silencio, fue la primera vez que sintió un trato tan gélido de un ángel a pesar de ser un demonio. Era sorprendente. -¿No te han dicho que es peligroso ignorar a un demonio?- Frunció el ceño al nuevamente ser ignorado hasta que finalmente tuvo que tomar la iniciativa de tomarlo por el brazo para obligarlo a lo que viera… El peor error que ha cometido seguramente. Sintió por unos segundos que aquellos ojos metálicos lo traspasaban sin necesidad de preguntárselo, como si quisieran descubrirlo a pesar de los intentos por ocultar todo su interior, porque le gustaba ver como estos llegaban a ser tan apagados y oscuros que le gustaba; eran como un infierno pero incluso más iluminado. El resultado era impresionante. -¿Qué es lo que quieres?- pregunto con molestia al mirar como este se aferraba a su brazo -¿Qué eres?- -¿Estás hablando en serio?- -¡Jonathan!- -¡Sock!- Ambos miraron a la dirección que a cada quien le pertenecía para ver como aquellos lideres demandaban su presencia para marcharse por lo cual la conexión se termino en ese instante que aquel agarre se deslizo hasta quedar en la nada. Pero que se perdiera no significaba que no hubiera quedado nada. En ese simple agarre, en ese simple choque de miradas quedo algo tan profundo que no se olvidaba al menos no para él. Necesitaba saber más. Y es por esa razón que nada evito que volviera al día siguiente buscándolo entre todas las masas que se encontraban batallando por recuperar o ganar más almas de mortales, antes se hubiera distraído con eso pero cuando lo vio algo lo obligaba a buscarlo siempre, a concentrarse en buscar esa mirada entre tantas que perdían su maravillosa esencia al ser comparadas. Era raro como le encontraba un cierto gusto al color que llegaba a poseer pero le parecían tan únicos no porque el color fuera extravagante sino por el extraño poder que almacenaban y mostraban en silencio, el de hacer que el infierno y el cielo se encontraran en la misma mirada, en el mismo lugar, estando juntos sin necesidad de que el territorio fuera dividido. Simplemente aquello hipnotizaba de una horrible manera ya que solo le provocaba la necesidad de seguir viendo aquella vista. -Jonathan- su nombre se deslizo fácilmente de su ser, como si aquel ser siempre estuviera cerca de él para que reaccionara de esa manera -¿Eh? Ah, eres tu ¿Qué es lo que quieres?- -Quiero saber lo que eres- Por un momento anhelaba dejar de contestarle pero aquellos ojos combinados con aquel gesto de curiosidad pura e inocente hacían que extrañamente muy en el fondo terminara teniéndole compasión –Supongo que un ángel- Su rostro se volvió más confuso como si aquello lo hubiera perdido -¿Supones?- pregunto al verlo asentir de una forma despreocupada y claramente corta -¿Por qué solo lo supones?- -¿Tu estas seguro de lo que eres?- -Claro, un demonio- Negó con la cabeza como si aquello simplemente le desagradara –No, no me refiero a nuestro puesto es algo insignificante y absurdo aquello, nos limitan a hacer algo de lo cual ni siquiera nos han preguntado si lo deseamos ser ¿Crees que a mí me gusta la idea de darlo todo por personas que ni siquiera darían la mano por ti? ¿Piensas que eso lo haría feliz a cualquiera?- suspiro al momento de arrepentirse de entablar conversación con este –Olvídalo- -Entonces sientes que no perteneces a los ángeles…- estaba desconcertado, si eso era verdad ¿Por qué seguiría portando el blanco de estos? ¿Por qué aun tendría grandes alas de bellas plumas? O principalmente ¿Por qué aun no lo corrían del paraíso? –No lo comprendo, si no fueras uno de ellos estarías en el infierno ¿Por qué no estás en ese lugar?- tenía muchas dudas y pocas respuestas, es por eso que no podía mantenerse callado ni tranquilo cuando la curiosidad lo consumía Si eso se iba a prolongar prefirió sentarse cerca del risco y observar el cielo donde se supone que debían habitar todos aquellos seres dispuestos a dar la vida por alguien más –Probablemente porque no deseo que todo acabe en muerte y destrucción, si eso pasara todo eso se volvería tan horrible y natural que sería una rutina diaria- No evito el de sentarse a su lado mientras miraba a la misma dirección donde este, cuestionándose el de porque a este no le gustaba aquel sitio cuando el daría todo por conocerlo aunque sean unos minutos tan escasos para observar aquello. -¿Por qué alguien quisiera salir de ahí?- -Por la misma razón que algunos quieren salir del infierno- Tuvo que mirarlo desconcertado, era simplemente que no podía saber las razones por las cuales estos deseaban escapar -¿Cuál razón?- -El de ser ellos mismos sin ser obligados a hacer lo que otros hacen- Se recargo levemente en el finalmente reflexionando aquello, el en realidad no sabía siquiera si seguía los órdenes de otros o simplemente hacia lo que le parecía divertido ya que era tan complicado ¿Cómo sabia que cosas le parecían bien o cuales mal? Nunca se le guío, nunca se le explico por lo cual cuando pudo bajar su mirada y observar la contraria sintió como algo en él se expresaba de extraña manera. -¿Y como se supone que uno sabe lo que en realidad quieren o son?- Y esta vez sus miradas se cruzaron, eran tan expresivos que comprendió que este mismo ni siquiera podía diferenciar quien era –A veces somos quienes realmente deseamos ser todo el tiempo pero no podemos expresarlo, supongo que la mayoría de los casos te das cuenta de lo que realmente quieres y eres cuando alguien te hace ver que eres capaz de perderlo aun si no es tuyo. Somos completamente vulnerables a otros, pero esa vulnerabilidad nos salva- -¿Y uno como sabe cuándo es el adecuado? ¿Uno como podría estar consciente que está siendo vencido por esa sensación?- Escucharon de nuevo aquellos gritos que advertían que si no llegaban a tiempo habría grandes consecuencias. -Porque serias capaz de cambiarte por esa persona- Jonathan estuvo tentado de marcharse inmediatamente al momento en que se levanto dispuesto a correr hasta donde se encontraban los demás pero se detuvo solo teniendo que ofrecer su mano para levantar al otro Y ese mismo roce, ese mismo contacto de miradas volvía a extrañarlos, volvía a envolverlos en una extraña sensación. Porque en esos leves segundos todo se encontraba perdido y a pesar de ello era fabuloso. Tan único, tan raro, tan libre. Solo el hecho de separarse era tan diferente que cuando sus manos se encontraban como en ese momento, porque el de moverlos para alejarlos los hacía verse a la cara como si de esa forma pudieran asegurar que todo aquello se encontraba bien, como si el hecho de alejarse no los fuera a matar. La inseguridad era algo nuevo en ese instante pero sabían que aquello debía acabar tarde o temprano pero ¿Por qué costaba tanto dejarlo? Era verdad que no podía durar así toda la eternidad pero era demasiado tentadora la idea de intentarlo de todas formas. Una vez más, la conexión termino al mismo momento que aquella peculiar reacción que nacía cada vez más latente. Y es así que mientras se alejaban se observaban de reojo viendo como cada quien partía a distintos destinos, a distintos mundos que nunca podrían combinarse. Porque estaban seguros que ninguno de ellos podría ir a donde el otro, porque estaban conscientes que aquello era imposible. Pero eso no eran solo más que límites absurdos. No eran más que fronteras sin sentido. Porque al momento en que hacían eso convivió más frecuente, más duradero se dieron cuenta de las razones por las cuales los mantenían separados, era tan increíble el cómo se encontraba un nuevo mundo cuando 2 distintos chocaban al mismo tiempo para crearlo, el cómo se podía vivir el paraíso aun si se llegaba a pecar, él como el infierno se volvía tan cálido cuando tenias a alguien por el cual resistir las llamas que sofocaban todo alrededor; era curioso el cómo el mundo hacia lo imposible por evitar aquello que descubrieron cada vez que estaban tan cerca, cada vez que se encontraban aunque fuese unos segundos con la mirada. La idea de ocultarlo era tan absurda. Porque para Jonathan era tanta la tentación de poder sentir aquellos labios que lo habían condenado a arriesgar su alma por querer entregársela y porque Sock estaba en aquel punto en que consideraba que el verdadero infierno se encontraba cuando se alejaban. Porque cada uno de ellos creaba el mundo en donde se podía pecar sin temor a no ir al paraíso porque mientras estuvieran el uno con el otro estaría bien, porque el simple hecho de que se encontraran era magnifico. Porque era inevitable no cautivarse en la forma en que sus manos encajaban. Y eso los llevo a encontrarse cara a cara y sostenerse la mirada al momento en que se encontraban tan cerca de chocar sus labios, el de juntar ambas emociones tan complicadas y sencillas a la vez; porque todo resultaba nuevo en ese instante. Los ruidos de desaprobación se hacían presentes, todo mundo los observaba y reclamaban que aquello debía ser imposible, que debían acabar con todo eso antes que empeorara que tal vez solo eso los llevara a su perdición. Pero la perdición solo se encontraba cuando estaban alejados. Tantos gritos reclamando por lo mismo, tantos seres exigiendo que todo acabara en ese segundo, tantas opiniones de lo que se supone que debían hacer llegaban a afectar en lo que estaban a punto de hacer, realmente era un factor que alteraba el producto…de una forma increíble. Ya que al momento en que sus bocas se unieron en un beso y escucharon como los demás no creían el cómo desobedecían las reglas significaba que estaban siendo ellos, que tenían lo que querían y deseaban. Porque finalmente entendieron porque tanto tiempo evitaron que el cielo y el infierno se enfrentaran. Era por el simple hecho que encontraban el mejor paraíso de los pecadores enamorados, aquellos que serian capaz de llegar a una maravillosa ilusión cuando se quedaban atrapados entre las emociones y sentimientos acumulados. Ahora era tan clara la razón por las cuales nunca debían tocar cada parte sensible del enemigo, porque uno mismo estaba arriesgando su propia cordura… Pero no evitaba el hecho de que se encontraban en un nuevo mundo oculto, en uno donde cada uno podía encajar perfectamente con el contrario. Porque mientras existiera un espacio entre el infierno y el cielo donde pudieran estar juntos todo podría caer en pedazos incluso sus propios cuerpos ya que estaban seguros que si todo eso acabara se volvería una tortura eterna. Estaban seguros que no sobrevivirían si sus manos no se tocaban. -Sock…- susurro al momento de separase, de sostener su mano con fuerza en aquel agarre que aseguraba que no los separaría –Finalmente entiendo lo que soy- -¿Qué es lo que eres?...- pregunto tan bajo, con un rostro enrojecido y cautivado por aquel ente tan contrario a el -Un idiota- extrañamente empezó a reír en bajo antes de poder abrazarlo mostrando que no tenía miedo de no volver al cielo –Me condene en algo que me negaba a caer- -¿Entonces porque decidiste seguir?- -Porque tú eras el indicado para mí-[Chapter 6] Capítulo 5: Curiosidad Porque la curiosidad mato al gato Pero Sock ya estaba muerto ¿Qué lo detendría? Anhelaba saber sobre ese chico que tanto odiaba al mundo Si tenía amigos, si tenía enemigos O la razón por la que se encontrara desilusionado Sowachowski amaba los enigmas Y más cuando resultaban tan curiosos como lo era Jonathan Porque le era difícil entenderlo, sabía que no lo soportaba y mucho menos que le fascinara la idea de que cada día aunque sea en un punto le recordara que el suicidio era la mejor opción incluso que si aquello le parecía tan complicado podrían tratar con el homicidio, pero seguía ahí soportándolo como si se tratara de algo con lo que se ha vivido desde siempre, ni siquiera parecía importarle que le afectara la relación social casi inexistente que probablemente poseía. Eso solo hacía que tuviera tantas preguntas, tantas dudas ¿Qué clase de humano era tan capaz de seguir con el estado normal de siempre a pesar de discutir con voces que se suponían eran imaginarias? ¿Cómo era que alguien mantenía la calma de esa forma? ¿Por qué era tan bueno encerrándose incluso para el mismo? Eso no debía ser normal y aun así parecía no importarle; en realidad nada llegaba a importarle ahora que lo pensaba pero ¿Por qué? ¿Qué cosas lo orillaron a eso? ¿En qué momento decidió que todo no valía nada? Era un alma curiosa, tenía demasiadas preguntas y muy pocas respuestas pero eso no era una opción, quería saber todo aquello que le provocaba la sensación de querer zangolotearlo para que revelara cada una de estas, que saciara toda la curiosidad que almacenaba. No podía quedarse quieto cuando la curiosidad lo invadía. Simplemente se sentía atraído a conocer todo lo que era. Por eso mientras el otro estuviera dormido no le daba tanta importancia el de dejar de papel de sombra para mostrar como todo mundo lo miraba: un adolescente con cierto pecho perforado cuando presumía su herida. No dudo en acercarse para mirarlo con cierta determinación de querer descubrir que era lo que soñaba pero como no era vidente ni mucho menos lector de pensamientos solo hacia un esfuerzo inútil por adivinar ¿El fin del mundo? ¿Él cuando la humanidad se condenaría? ¿Cuándo finalmente le dejaría en paz? Había tantas posibilidades y cada una de ellas solo lo atormentaban ¿Por qué no podía saber lo que pasaba en el subconsciente cuando el no participaba? Frunció el ceño, era molesto. Se inclinó aún más para hacer un rostro serio (que en realidad parecía estar haciendo un gesto de queja) tan cerca de su rostro como si aquello en realidad fuera a funcionar. Era tan difícil no pensar que en ese momento se veía tan calmado, como si solo en esas ocasiones podría observarlo tan tranquilo, casi contento. -¿Hm?- hay personas que simplemente sentían cuando las personas los observaban de una manera tan fija que daba terror y Jonathan pertenecía a ese porcentaje de gente aunque tampoco era algo tan difícil de detectar cuando un aliento helado chocaba contra su cara -¿Pero qué demonios?- Cuando abrió los ojos de forma adormilada y un poco lenta juraba que había visto un par de puntos verdosos expandirse de forma tan grande que seguramente sentía que todo fue un sueño, tuvo que parpadear varias veces para asegurarse que estaba despierto pero al momento de volver a fijar su vista a donde se encontraban pero no había nada. Probablemente había sido algo de su imaginación pero le era imposible creerlo se veían más humanos de lo que él le daría características a lo que aseguraba eran unos ojos, se mostraban mucho más vivos a comparación de los que siempre veía. Era tan extraño. -¿Qué ha sido eso?- se susurró a sí mismo, aun haciendo el intento por encontrar la misma mirada en aquella habitación pero no se encontraba nada, todo estaba en su lugar, no había nadie pero no podía darle crédito a su imaginación por la simple razón que nunca en su vida podría dar con una descripción tan exacta a la mirada tan ilusionada como las que se encontraban en niños tan pequeños -Hey ¿Tan temprano ya estas volviéndote loco?- Hubiera contestado con algo sarcástico o inclusive con cierto toque de no estar de humor para escucharlo pero se encontraba tan pensativo con aquello que había sucedido momentos atrás, había algo en ellos que simplemente lo atrapaban pero ¿Por qué? ¿Qué tanto debía pensar sobre eso? Tal vez si hubiera tenido la posibilidad de soñarlos, de que aquello fuera lo último que haya ocurrido en su cabeza antes de reaccionar pero…simplemente era imposible. Estaba completamente seguro que no podía soñar con algo tan ilusionista. -¿Me escuchas?- -¿Qué es lo que quieres ahora?- -¿Qué estás buscando? -Eso no es de tu incumbencia- Esas palabras era la única justificación que necesitaba por lo cual tuvo que levantarse rápidamente en busca de sus cosas, como su chaqueta y su mochila para salir corriendo escaleras abajo como si de ello dependiera su vida pero tal vez en ese momento solo quería saber si su cordura aun se encontraba a salvo; a quien engañaba, simplemente quería una respuesta, una simple solución del porque aquellos ojos simplemente no podían salir de su mente, de tener la sensación de que si no los volvía a ver tal vez iba a perder aun más el sentido común. Había algo en ellos que lo obligaban a querer buscarlos, como si el sentido de vivir se reflejara en estos. ¿Es acaso que en realidad nunca vio tanta curiosidad e inocencia en una sola mirada? ¿En realidad estaba dispuesto a buscarla como si en verdad alguien la hubiera portado y nunca se hubiera dado cuenta? Definitivamente, algo estaba mal. No debería buscar algo que probablemente era una ilusión pero algo lo obligaba, algo quería descubrir lo que era…se sentía simplemente obligado a encontrar el dueño o la dueña de aquel par de esmeraldas que estaban a punto de sacarlo de quicio. No tuvo tiempo de ni siquiera revisar si tenía todo lo necesario para salir o si importaba que desayunara algo, era tanto el deseo de descubrirlo ahora mismo que nada lo detuvo y lo que marco su inicio de la búsqueda fue el ruido de la puerta azotándose tras de él para emprender una carrera al único lugar donde suponía que estarían todos: en el partido inicial del año. Odiaba demasiado aquella tradición pero era el único sitio donde aseguraba que estarían todos. Solo le quedaba tener un poco de suerte para descubrir quien ahora sería su nueva tortura, quien seria ahora quien lo iba a volver más loco de lo que probablemente ya estaba. Alguien debería detenerlo. … -¿En que estaba pensando al venir aquí?- se preguntó mientras se quejaba ¿En realidad se había dedicado a buscar aquella tonalidad cuando existían enormes variedades? Simplemente en ese momento no pensó en lo estúpido que era ello Podía observar una multitud de personas tanto de pie como sentadas, otras hablando con los jugadores y algunos en los puestos de comida. Era imposible cumplir con su objetivo pero ya estaba ahí de pie como para darse vuelta atrás, aparte de que no quería sentirse más idiota de lo que seguramente se veía. Se acomodó su chaqueta antes de soltar un suspiro resignado si no comenzaba en ese mismo instante seguramente no acabaría ni la 3° parte de la que había en todo ese sitio ¿Por qué no pudo esperarse a que nuevamente tuviera clases? ¿Por qué dejo manipularse por un instinto? Simplemente porque era un tonto. Pero no era necesario recordarlo con estarlo ahí se lo aseguraba con tanta sencillez que hubiera preferido algún sarcasmo sin importar lo malo que fuera. -Bonito lugar pero pensaba que no te gustaban estos sitios ¿O es acaso que en verdad te agradan? ¿Has querido jugar un rato?- -Deja de molestar, solo estoy buscando algo, aparte ¿En serio crees que estos sitios son de mi agrado? ¿Con quién crees que estás hablando, un niño de 6 años?- susurro mientras caminaba observando a aquellos que estaban cerca de donde se encontraban haciendo el esfuerzo de poder ver bien sus ojos y tener que saludar para disimular sus planes La sensación de tener que socializar era asquerosa, no quería por ningún motivo fingir que estaba contento por verlos a todos cuando en realidad se empezaba a arrepentir de tener esa idea y ponerla en marcha cuando sería casi imposible encontrar lo que quería. Era como si fuera un niño jugando a ser un detective, tan aferrado de encontrar lo que quería, no podía sentirse más patético ahora. -¿Te gusta hablar tanto con las personas?- -No- - ¿Entonces por qué las estas saludando?- -Por algún motivo- -¿Cuál es ese motivo?- -¿No puedes quedarte callado?- tuvo que alzar la mano y fingir una sonrisa teniendo que esforzarse a que no pareciera de desprecio hasta que finalmente pudo bajar la mano entre quejidos -¿Sabes qué? Mejor sigue hablando, eres menos molesto que tener que saludar a todos- -Deberías decirme que es lo que tramas- -No estoy haciendo un plan malvado para dominar el mundo- Nuevamente tuvo que sonreír al ver como las personas lo saludaban y de vez en cuando le invitaban a que los acompañara, otras se burlaban y la gran mayoría se sorprendía por el simple hecho de que su presencia se encontrara en un lugar tan concurrido. Debía admitir que ni el mismo podía creer que se encontraba en ese lugar donde las personas parecían encajar mucho mejor que él en cualquier intento de parecer normal en vez de una persona interesada por encontrar algo. Había visto suficientes ojos como para asegurar que ninguno de ellos era lo que buscaba y aquello de alguna forma lo decepcionaba aun sabiendo que eso era imposible ¿Por qué debería sentirse mal si ya estaba advertido de que eso probablemente iba a ser un total fracaso? ¿Por qué le tenía esperanza a encontrar aquella tonalidad en específico? Debería ser que algo le había afectado, seguramente el hecho de ser vigilado a las 24 horas por los 7 días de la semana y lo que seguramente se convertiría en los 365 días del año estaba haciendo que su cerebro terminara siendo papilla. Al menos no era el fin, o eso esperaba. -¿Y esa cara larga? ¿Ya has decidido que te cansaste de fingir ser normal?- -Lo que digas- no evito buscar una banca para sentarse y poner la mochila a un lado he recargarse en este, todo ese rato había sido un desperdicio de su tiempo y lo peor de todo es que aún le quedaba aquella sensación de haber fallado. No era algo agradable al final de cuentas aun si aquello era lo más probable: Encontrar un fracaso que era imposible de evadir, ahora sin duda empezaba a sentirse como un inútil. -Vamos, ya dime ¿Qué es lo que buscabas con tanta desesperación?- -Lo que seguramente es una ilusión, creo que finalmente me he vuelto loco- -Solo estás hablando solo todo mundo lo hace pero se mas especifico, soy parte de tu mente pero no puedo leerla ¿Sabes? No soy un ser divino ni nada parecido- -¿Por qué tanto afán de querer saberlo?- - Porque tengo curiosidad, por el amor al infierno ¿Quieres que muera de nuevo para que me digas?- Suspiro, no es como si realmente le quedara de otra –Buscaba a alguien con los ojos verdes- -¿Por qué?- -No lo sé, ¿Qué parte de estoy loco no entiendes? Estoy hablando contigo frente a una gran multitud de personas ¿No crees que eso da una idea de lo que hago no es normal?- -Creo que vi a un chico de ojos verdes cerca de donde salían los jugadores, no es nadie de tu salón te puedo asegurar- Guardo silencio unos segundos como si aquella ayuda fuera casi como una trampa -¿Cómo se que no me estas mintiendo?- -Lo prometo, si no está ahí juro que no volveré a molestarte en todo lo que resta de tu vida- Pudo haberse quedado a pensar un poco, en asegurarse de que aquello era verdad pero no dudo en ningún momento en volverse a parrar con sus cosas para emprender caminata a la dirección que le habían indicado; en definitiva, algo debía estar mal con él por verse a tal necesidad de encontrar aquel tono que juraba lo estaba atormentando. Era una extraña sensación, le gustaba lo que reflejaba al mismo tiempo que lo detestaba debería averiguar el por qué sucedía aquello. El por qué esa maldita mirada reflejaba más esperanza que todas las palabras falsas que llegaron a dedicarle para intentar animarlo. Resultaba incluso gracioso como era la única cosa que no fuera su guitarra a la que le ponía empeño para no fracasar, en donde literalmente se esforzaba por encontrarlo y estaba seguro (o casi lo suficiente) de que no se encontraba donde le habían dicho por lo cual cuando estuvo finalmente por tirar la toalla y dejarle de poner interés a algo que seguramente iba hacerle mal sintió como algo chocaba contra el solo haciendo que se quejara. Estaba molesto ya que vio su mochila caer al suelo. -¿Es acaso que no ves?- estaba irritado no solamente por ganarse un golpe sino que estar todo un rato en ese lugar era una tortura -Pero tú eres quien me choco- -No soy estúpido, si claramente tu- Tuvo que callar al momento en que lo vio a los ojos, casi obligado a parpadear varias veces para asegurar que aquello no era una mentira. Estaba finalmente frente a él, esa mirada que apareció como si nada, como si estuviera conectado a esta pero juraba que nunca en su vida lo había visto y era imposible que apareciera entre las sombras como si nada. -¿Quién eres?- su manera de preguntar sonaba más que nada a una amenaza asegurando que si no contestaba pasarían cosas malas Tuvo que tomar aire como si con ello buscara una excusa para marcharse pero deseaba tanto quedarse como para rendirse después de todo ya estaba rompiendo las reglas –Mi nombre es…- no tenía ninguno en la mente y no deseaba ser conocido por Napoleón –Soy Zack- -Tienes una voz familiar… ¿Te he visto antes?- -No lo creo, no sé ni siquiera quien eres ¿No se te ha ocurrido decirme tu nombre?- Estaba seguro que eso era socializar pero si lo dejaba hasta ahí seguramente aquello lo lamentaría –Jonathan- Intentaba no sonreír, le era tan difícil hacer aquello ya que se sentía tan bien no ser rechazado por este –Mucho gusto Jonathan- lo miro estirar su mano como si aquello fuera la presentación más formal y normal a lo que llegarían ambos, tuvo que tomar aire y rogar por cualquier cosa que no lo traspasara pero al momento en que no sucedió aquello solo pudo sentirse aliviado Definitivamente su curiosidad había terminado condenando su trabajo, pero era imposible no querer arriesgarse siendo que el otro lo tenía tan curioso. Solo le quedaba rogar que no fuera descubierto.[Chapter 7] Capítulo 6: Experimento Era inhumano jugar con la cabeza de otros Era una crueldad experimentar con la vida de otros Pero nadie tenía derecho a juzgar a un demonio sabiendo lo que son Porque no era anormal que aquellos experimentaran con la humanidad Pero lo que si era realmente extraño Es que él deseaba experimentar a su lado Porque no había necesidad de aclararlo en ese instante, porque no había necesidad de dar una explicación sobrela decisión tan arriesgada que tomo en ese momento, simplemente no había nada que contar o decir después de todo ya estaba hecho, no daría vuelta atrás. Tal vez fue un impulso o un deseo, ni el mismo estaba seguro de porque lo hizo pero las cosas pasaron por algún motivo que lamentablemente era desconocido incluso para él. No podía encontrar la respuesta a su duda ¿Por qué lo había hecho? ¿En qué momento pensó que presentarse iba a ser la solución a todo? ¿Es acaso que había perdido la cabeza? Debía ser imposible, no debía ser real aquello. Necesitaba creer que no lo hizo por verlo sonreír al conseguir calma finalmente, no podía aceptar que lo había hecho por la sola razón que parecía tan desesperado en volver a mirarlo; es que aquello debía ser un sueño, seguramente estaba soñando entonces ¿Por qué se quedaba despidiéndose? ¿Por qué sentía que alguien le había robado el aliento que definitivamente no tenía? Incluso sentía una extraña sensación. Era imposible, necesitaba que alguien le asegurase que todo eso no era real. Que no estaba actuando raro. Porque se sentía utilizado por el mismo, se sentía como un experimento, era como si estuviera aprueba pero ciertamente ¿De qué? Tal vez del hecho que no se sentía satisfecho, que todo aquello lo confundía a la misma vez que lo atraía, era la curiosidad combinada con el deseo de salir de ese momento tan extraño. Se necesitaba convencer que no era el único que no salía de esa duda, que exactamente, ambos se encontraban en las mismas. Se negaba a dejar las cosas así, no iba a soportar la idea de que el otro no fuera parte de todo ello. Si quería experimentar con el vería que no sería el único afectado. Porque Sowachowski no era capaz de comprender que por primera vez alguien le ayudaba a experimentar el cómo ser un humano como los demás sin que nadie temiera, sin que nadie lo viera como algo raro. Era la sola razón que no podía creer que se sintiera de esa manera cuando todo solo era una ilusión. Se negaba a ser el único loco. … -Jonathan, despierta- Hizo algún tipo de quejido que mostraba que aquello no era lo mejor que pudiera hacer en esos momentos siendo que no anhelaba con todas sus fuerzas tener que asistir a las clases \"voluntarias\" del sábado. -Arriba quejidos durmiente, se hará tarde- Abrió los ojos un poco para encontrarse aquella tonalidad tan especial más aquel rostro que mostraba cierta burla al verlo tan \"decidido\" a levantarse temprano cuando era su obligación asistir a clases de \"auto-superación, confianza en uno, metas a futuro\" y todas esas cosas que lograban arrullarlo al final de todo -¿Eh? ¿Zack?- pregunto atontado/adormilado en realidad parecía ni siquiera que hacia el esfuerzo por mirarlo mejor o el de acomodarse en la cama No evito reír en bajo antes de tener que sonreír -No llegues tarde, dormilón- Tuvo que tallarse los ojos al mismo tiempo en que contaba lentamente hasta 10, aquello debía ser otra mentira, estaba seguro que estaba siendo un sueño pero exactamente ¿Por qué debía ser él quien se apareciera así sobre sus pensamientos? Algo estaba mal, era obvio que aquello estaba afectándole demasiado; definitivamente ni siquiera podía ser normal ni siquiera cuando dormía. Eso debería ser un nuevo record, alguien de una maldita vez debía darle su inútil premio. No podía soportar eso cada mañana, no le gustaba la idea de obsesionarse con algo mucho menos de alguien; es que simplemente no deseaba ser dependiente de un solo rostro que ni siquiera conocía a la perfección ¿Dónde queda la explicación de aquel sueño tan real y fantasioso? -¿No piensas hacerme caso?- -Es demasiado temprano para estar alucinando- opino antes de negarse a abrir los ojos, simplemente no quería de nuevo verse obligado a hablar con todo mundo por la extraña razón de querer ver nuevamente aquellos ojos tan enigmáticos, solo hacía que los quisiera odiar aun si no podía con ello -¿Crees que soy una ilusión? Eso me ofende Jonathan- comento en tono molesto antes de tronar los dedos –Ya sé cómo mostrarte que esto no es un sueño- declaro con aire decidió de mostrar que el ciertamente no se trataba de algo falso, eso lo molestaba y bastante Suspiro negándose a creer ello, intentando cubrirse la cara con su almohada –Quiero dor- Odiaba que le robaran las palabras de la boca o el hecho de quedarse congelado pero le era imposible no reaccionar de esa forma cuando una suave presión se ubicaba en su frente haciendo sacar la última palabra de una forma baja y casi atontada. No sabía lo que sucedía ni el hecho de porque sentía un escalofrío en todo su ser, como si algo gélido se posara en su cuerpo para dar aquello que parecía lo más cercano a un beso como los que antes le daba su madre para hacerle pensar que todo estaba mejor. Pero definitivamente eso no estaba mejor, era extraño, raro, peculiar y cualquier otra palabra similar que lo llevaba a la confusión total. Cuando se separó, sentía que podía respirar cuando no lo hacía como si el hecho de haber besado su frente le devolviera el aliento siendo que no podría quitárselo -No soy una ilusión ni un sueño, soy más real de lo que piensas- susurro casi con la dificultad de hablar, estaba haciendo las cosas sin pensar, otra vez Y ahí se encontraba una batalla, el de si irse, el de si abrir los ojos finalmente, dos peleas que parecían distintas pero que eran necesarias para llegar a un mismo final. Era tan difícil la decisión, era tan peligroso el deseo de hacer lo que la mente mandaba en esos instantes temiendo a que todo ello fuera un juego que ellos mismos creaban pero a la vez desconocían. No podían comprenderlo, todo se encontraba enredado entre tantos pensamientos que no los dejaban escapar; a veces las cosas que uno hacia era puro instinto pero ni siquiera lo que había sucedido en ese segundo podría hacer sentir que fuera eso. Porque tal vez a uno le costaba pensar más y al otro le dificultaba pensar menos. -Necesito acabar con todo esto- decidió al momento en que abrió los ojos e hizo sus sospechas reales al no ver a nadie frente suyo –No puedo seguir soportando esto, no puedo comprender porque me sucede esto a mí- y aunque la desilusión ni la esperanza hicieron presente tuvo que tocarse la frente como si con ello pudiera asegurar que ahí había sucedido todo. Estaba necesitando urgentemente un respiro. Aunque Sock deseaba tanto haberse quedado y mostrar que en realidad se encontraba ahí no sabría que decir ni como mirarlo. La vergüenza era inevitable pero también era extraña ya que ¿De qué debería arrepentirse? No era algo anormal, no era algo fuera de aquel mundo ¿Entonces porque sentía que acababa de cometer el experimento más grande del siglo? ¿Por qué sentía que el resultado de aquella prueba lo hubiese revivido momentáneamente? Jonathan sin duda tenía una esencia única de la cual al ser probada era difícil olvidarla. Es como si cerca suyo la vida y la muerte tuvieran un nuevo sentido. Temía y quería saber de ello. Por eso no era extraño el verlo levantarse tan apurado como la ultima vez, el de dar vueltas por la habitación declarando que todo aquello no era más que una mala jugada de sus pensamientos, que simplemente podría estar alucinando gracias a todas las cosas que pasaban por su cabeza. En parte era divertido verlo de esa manera tan paranoica solo por las cosas que le provocaba ¿Eso se supone que debía hacer? ¿Mencionarlo pidiendo que ya no volviera a sentir lo mismo? ¿Qué lo culpara de alguna manera sin hechos que justificaran aquello? Porque si era así estaba contento, no por el hecho de que lograra su objetivo (en realidad era lo último que podía pasarle por su cabeza) sino el que lo tomara como algo tan importante para sentirse loco ahora que lo observaba. Le gustaba ser notado, le gustaba cuando este parecía perder la cabeza por el pero ¿Aquello estaba bien? ¿Eso debería sentirse realmente bien? No lo comprendía y por un momento no quería hacerlo y seguir disfrutando del apuro del otro por salir y despejar la mente. Es que por un segundo el mismo la perdía cuando se encontraba tan cerca y veía por unos segundos que este mostraba lo que siempre encerraba como si justamente el encontrara la llave que ni el mismo se animaba a entregarse a sí mismo. Algo debía estar mal seguramente, si todo estuviera yendo de maravilla no estaría siguiéndolo dispuesto a que los dos se perdieran en algo desconocido. … -Finalmente- suspiro aliviado de encontrarse solo en la parada de autobús, sin nadie alrededor solo él y lo que seguramente serian las canciones de Valhalla Soundbox por el resto de ese extraño día Y cuando todo se encontraba en calma, cuando miraba a su celular para elegir la lista de reproducción como casi siempre lo hacía termino sorprendiéndose al alzar la mirada y encontrarse con una sonrisa y una mirada amigable por parte de este; hizo una mueca al momento en que sentía cierta incomodidad ¿Es acaso que no podría evitarlo? ¿Qué tan difícil era no encontrarse con esos ojos? Algo debía estar en su contra, lo primero que se le ocurrió hacer fue simplemente hundirse en hombros y volver a lo mismo. Era como otros, podría ignorarlo pero ¿Por qué sentía que si lo hacía iba a sufrir más cosas? Aunque ahora que lo pensaba desde que este apareció no ha escuchado a Sock. Su situación debe ser única, nadie más en todo el mundo podría comparársele en ese instante y no importaba si aquello era erróneo así lo sentía. Sintió el cómo tocaban su hombro por lo cual miro a donde lo solicitaban para encontrarse con ese rostro que exigía atención por su parte: era como ver a un perro haciendo ojos tristes por conseguir algo de comida. Eso debía ser ilegal. -¿Me estas ignorando?- pregunto con aquel toque de sentirse mal por ello, disimulado o no, no le gustaba nuevamente que este lo dejara ahí como si ni siquiera estuviera frente suyo Deseaba contestar con algo duro y cortante pero no lo lograba, no podía arruinarle la alegría que este cargaba ya que por algún motivo si este no miraba con el mismo brillo de siempre o con la sonrisa leve que se formaba por su culpa se sentiría como la peor persona y no tendría ni idea del por qué sentiría eso –Sí y no- Se hundió en hombros mostrando con un simple gesto que aquello no era claro –Me confundes- -No estoy de humor para hablar, no he podido descansar estos días- -Oh, lo entiendo pero eso no significa que no me puedas saludar- -Zack, en verdad quisiera no hablar- -Pero podríamos…- -No estoy de humor ¿Entiendes?- -De acuerdo, perdón por molestarte yo…no se que estaba esperando, no sé porque me ilusione con esto es que eres el primero que me ha saludado desde que vivo aquí y cuando te vi pensé que podíamos conocernos mas pero entiendo, lo siento no quise ser una molestia- Obtuvo lo que quiso, en verdad existía un silencio en ese ambiente pero no se sentía cómodo ni siquiera contento con ello ya que el otro le provocaba cierta compasión y lástima que solo hacía que tuviera que tomarse el cabello de una forma desesperada para encontrar calma absoluta. -Lo siento, no quise hacerte sentir así pero siento que mi cabeza va a explotar cada vez que te veo y encontrarte aquí solo ha hecho que asegure que nuevamente empiece a soñar despierto- -¿A qué te refieres?- fingió no saber, estaba más consciente que inclusive el pero siendo que él era el culpable de todo no debía mostrar que estaba seguro de eso -¿Es que ves algo malo en mi?- No sabía cómo explicarlo si el mismo no entendía ¿Cómo decirle a este? –No, ni siquiera te conozco, es un milagro que en este punto este hablando contigo pero hay algo en ti que me obliga a quedarme y si me quedo sin ideas decir cualquier estupidez, porque te busque solo porque sentí que tus ojos eran un sueño tan irreal que era capaz de obsesionarme por algo que no es real- suspiro antes de tomar la punta de su nariz y negar con la cabeza –No puede escucharse bien en cualquier situación que lo pongas- Empezó a reír por ello –Eres extraño Jonathan- cuando calmo un poco la burla solo pudo sonreírle –Eso me gusta- Estaba atónito -¿Qué?- -¿A qué clase de persona no le gusta que le digan que les gusta sus ojos?- mostro una sonrisa traviesa al verlo desconcertado por ello –Gracias, igual, a mi me gusta el azul metálico que tienes- -¿Gracias? Pero yo no…- El autobús se estaciono frente a ellos solo haciendo que viera al de gorra de aviador a alentarlo a hacer una carrera para quien subía primero pero el solo lograba quedarse quieto en su lugar observándolo ¿Qué demonios sucedió en esos momentos? ¿En qué momento literalmente había dicho que le gustaban sus ojos? Tal vez por eso evitaba socializar con su alrededor, se comportaban diferente a lo que él estaba acostumbrado: a la normalidad, simpleza. Cada uno de ellos hacia algo más extrovertido que solo hacía que se perdiera cada vez más. -¿Qué esperas?- Miro lo como lo incitaba a subir con un ademan haciendo que tuviera que reaccionar para poder subirse y observarlo de extraña manera ¿Por qué a pesar de un inicio en donde lo \"ofendió\" le seguía hablando? ¿Por qué de manera tan repentina le había dicho que le gustaba su tono? Aquello lo dejaba más perdido de lo que debería estar. -Vamos- No fue ni siquiera consciente del que su mano se encontraba atrapada con la de este para que tuviera que caminar y tomaran un asiento juntos sin siquiera haberle preguntado si le parecía bien compartir el lugar o el de si le molestaba el de tener que sentarse junto con este. Estaba impactado por aquella energía tan impaciente que el otro transmitía, el cómo se le quedaba mirando como si tuviera algo que decir pero al momento en que encontraba palabras el otro parecía extinguirlas con un simple gesto de prestar atención de una forma bastante infantil. -¿Sabes que esto es secuestro?- -Estas exagerando, si los secuestradores se llevaran a las víctimas a una escuela sería lo más cruel que pudieran hacer ¿Crees que soy alguien quien no tiene corazón? No es como si tuvieras la oportunidad de faltar, bueno sí, creo que soy cruel en ese caso- Aquel era un disparate tan peculiar que no evitaba reírse por lo extraño que era –Y el raro soy yo- -Lo sigues siendo- -Creo que tú lo eres mal- -¿Y eso que significa?- se cruzo de brazos a punto de iniciar un puchero por sentirse ofendido de alguna manera - Que creo que me gusta- Poco a poco a Sock se le estaba escapando la idea principal de su trabajo incluso de su propio experimento.[Chapter 8] \"5 FASES PARA LA DOMINACIÓN\" Capítulo 7, fase I: Reconocimiento Duerme, vive y respira como el enemigo No dejes que nada de él se vuelva una incógnita sin resolver No te complazcas con respuestas sencillas Descubre hasta la parte más oscura de su alma Porque cuando hagas un reconocimiento total de su ser Te sorprenderá lo que no es conocido No hubo ningún momento en que no prestara toda su atención a los gestos de este que daba cuando no hablaba o incluso sus reacciones ante el dialogo, chistes o cosas que mencionaba de una forma rápida y en ocasiones que no se entendían sin importar las veces que lo dijera. Se percato que cada sonrisa duraba 3 segundos antes de volver a una expresión neutral que no expresaba nada, que en vez en cuando evitaba reír ante las tonterías que admitía salían de su boca, que en ocasiones lo observaba como si fuera un ser extraño o el hecho de que rodara los ojos ante una broma mala que causaba una gracia aunque fuera poca. Porque a pesar de ser sencillas explicaban más de lo que esperaba, en realidad al ser tan cortas parecía que al momento en que se alargaban era especial como si de verdad eso mereciera que sus ojos por un momento se iluminaran por un segundo para mostrar que aquello simplemente logro hacerlo disfrutar de alguna forma su compañía; eran logros bastante complacientes, era como aprobar/lograr cualquier obstáculo puesto en el infierno para ganarte un lugar y mientras más lo lograra mas ganaría. Jonathan dejaría de ser un misterio, dejaría de ser algo tan raro, simplemente podría al fin sentirse satisfecho y no sentirse necesitado de saber cada cosa aun sin importar que tan insignificantes fueran. -Ahora exactamente ¿Qué se debe hacer?- pregunto al momento de bajar cada uno de los escalones del autobús en pequeños saltos haciendo cómico aquello gracias al uso de su falda que de vez en cuando movió con coquetería en forma de juego –Es la primera vez que vengo a una escuela- -Debes estar bromeando- -¿El jardín de niños cuenta?- Lo miro por unos segundos preguntándose como rayos lograba estar en ese lugar si no había estudiado durante tanto tiempo aunque también vino a su cabeza la posibilidad de que sus padres lo habrían educado en casa o algo parecido, no tenía idea, es mas ni siquiera sabía de dónde venía o quien era pero se encontraba a su lado ¿Qué tanto debería saber? Nada, no es como si en realidad quisiera conocer algo, no es como si quisiera conocerlo -¿Has estudiado en casa?- ¿Por qué su cerebro ordenaba cosas diferentes a lo que deseaba? Asintió ante eso, no fue la mejor educación y tampoco aprendió lo que se esperaba pero sabía leer, hablar y escribir y para el eso se consideraba lo único vital para sobrevivir alrededor –Varios años, la escuela no es lo mío ¿No te gustaría intentarlo alguna vez? Puedes ir a la hora que sea y tener todo el tiempo libre que desees- Negó con la cabeza –No es de mi gusto tener que estar varias horas sentado frente a alguien que conozca y quiera preocuparse de mí- -Entonces podemos escapar- -¿Qué?- Lo miro guiñar un ojo antes de caminar a una dirección diferente a donde se encontraba la entrada de la puerta principal para ingresar al instituto educacional, tuvo que negar con la cabeza como si se estuviera tratando de los sueños que lo mantenían despierto a altas horas de la madrugada hasta que caía dormido por volver a despertar al segundo de sentirlos. No debía seguir algo que parecía ser lo más cercano a una sombra que desaparecería cuando menos se lo esperaba; era definitivo, era lo más cercano a una sombra pero libre de poder decidir de quien ir detrás, tan ligero e inquieto que no podía ser domado. Debía ser un estúpido al momento en que lo siguió como si aquello fuera su obligación. Era una cuestión ¿Por qué seguir algo que hacía presencia cuando quería? ¿Por qué perseguir algo que probablemente era el sueño más problemático que jamás pudo haber tenido? Si, era lo más idiota que podría hacer pero la curiosidad, el deseo de conocer algo tan extraño dominaba muy a pesar de querer evitar todo aquello. Porque al momento de conocerlo existía algo en su interior que demanda, gritaba y exigía que acabara todo eso sin importar los métodos que tuviera que usar. Porque comúnmente era un desastre pero cuando soñaba con su mirada, cuando podía jurar que sentía sus labios todo en él se tranquilizaba, las voces morían y la paz renacía de las penumbras que creaba para evitar que el corazón se acelerara de una emoción tan brutal y asquerosamente peligrosa. Estaba delirando, estaba pensando tanto, a punto de estallar cuando ahora estaba tan calmado buscando con la mirada aquello que parecía salir de una alucinación. -¿Zack? ¿Dónde rayos te has metido? Me meteré en problemas por tu culpa- -¿Y eso acaso es un problema para ti?- Tuvo que darse la media vuelta para encontrarlo tan sonriente mientras fingía inocencia ante las palabras mencionadas, hizo una mueca ante el comentario tan despreocupado -¿Entonces por qué me quejo?- pregunto siendo que aquello le parecía lo más absurdo de aclarar –Deberíamos volver- Su rostro expreso duda ante eso, como si fuera una palabra desconocida en su vocabulario -¿Volver? ¿Por qué quisiera volver?- expresaba aquellas dudas como si el otro conociera cada una de sus respuestas -Porque es nuestra obligación o al menos la mía de tener que venir a este sitio- reclamo dando leves pasos para acercarse y que este no pudiera escapar o se asustara, lo trataba en ese punto como si fuera un animal que huiría en un movimiento que detectara peligroso Cada paso que daba solo miraba como el otro reía, parecía entretenerle la forma en que se acercaba. Era como a pesar de estar consciente de lo que pudiera pasar, aun si hubiera peligro quería que aquello sucediera, estaba pensando si de verdad aquello no era una trampa. -Eso me parece aburrido- -¿Y en que momento yo pedí tu opinión?- se percato que no era el único que avanzaba ahora, esta vez parecía que el otro quisiera acortarle la espera -En ninguno pero ¿Acaso eso importa?- dio más pasos, tan cortos y divertidos de sus propias acciones -¿Es acaso que me quieres detener?- -No sería mala idea- No era necesario dejar claro que entre ellos dos marcaban el inicio de un conflicto calmado en donde solo sus ojos eran quienes peleaban aunque Jonathan parecía más que nada luchar contra sí mismo y no dejarse engañar por aquellos orbes verdes. Pero todo termino en el momento en que estaban tan cerca, en que esa sonrisa burlona sobresalió de aquel rostro en tono canela, en que sus brazos se encontraron alrededor de su cuello. Odiaba tanto que su corazón en ese punto no pudiera reaccionar. -¿Te he dicho alguna vez que hago que las personas pierdan la cabeza cuando quieren pararme?- En ese momento el no estaba perdiendo la cabeza, estaba perdiendo el sentido total de normalidad. -Creo que no- Su risa, ese suave sonido proveniente de él hacía eco en todos lados, era un ruido que estaba a punto de hacerlo querer arrancarse el cabello. No podía creer todos los sentimientos combinados que lo hacían ser un total desastre. Estaba tan confundido, lo detestaba tanto. -Entonces creo que tu primer trabajo del día es conocerme y yo a ti, después de todo querías tener una actividad bien ahí la tienes ¿Qué quieres saber de mi?- Probablemente en su cabeza se encontraría tantas preguntas batallando por salir primero pero la única duda que pudo ganar en ese momento fue -¿Qué eres?- Tal vez esa pregunta realmente era absurda al borde de rozar la idiotez, pero sentía, aseguraba que no era exactamente una persona normal inclusive de que fuera real, estaba al borde de sentir que se encontraba durmiendo o que inclusive estaba perdiendo el conocimiento. Era tan fácil adivinar que este lo único que quería hacer era despertar de lo que pensaba que era tan bizarro como para estar ocurriendo en ese instante. Porque en realidad podía sentir una sensación parecida al miedo, porque podía escuchar su propio corazón palpitando de forma tan veloz y a la vez deteniéndose de repente que a ese paso podría explotarle el pecho, la respiración apenas podía salir y entrar; era curioso como parecía entrar a un ataque de pánico cuando lucia tan tranquilo, tan quieto. Estaba hecho un desastre. -Soy un humano ¿Qué se supone que debería ser?- -Una jaqueca- -Muy gracioso Jonathan, pero vamos ¿En qué parte de tu vida no vas a sufrir una jaqueca?- -Seguramente cuando no te encuentres cerca- -Entonces soy especial ¿Eso tratas de decir?- -Espera, yo no, es decir ¿Por qué tanto gusto en poner palabras en mi boca?- Parpadeo de forma tan suave ante eso, mostrando que no tenía idea de lo que decía - ¿Estoy poniendo palabras en tu boca?- Hizo un gruñido por eso, estaba perdiendo la calma -¿A quién intentas engañar?- -¿Y cómo sabes que tú no eres quien se quiere a engañar a sí mismo?- Palabras tan bajas, tan exactas para que al momento en que este se inclinara hiciera sentir que todo su cuerpo se presionaba para no perder la cabeza aunque sea tan solo que este se acercara a su mejilla y soplara en su oído como si con ello consiguiera derrumbarlo y muy en el fondo algo en él se hizo añicos de forma tan rápida que aseguraba que si se movía algo mas lo haría. -Si no te conoces a ti mismo y mucho menos a mi ¿Cómo quieres reconocer si no es tu cabeza quien hace las ilusiones?- Sintió como aquellos brazos se deslizaban para soltar su cuello, él como aquel brillo en sus ojos tomaban cierta maldad como si en verdad quisiera cumplir la amenaza de hacerlo perder la cabeza. Eso, si eso, no era más que un cuerpo, nada más que la prisión de un alma que no podía ser domada; era tan desesperante, no podía contenerla cuando se obligaba a querer pararla para poder encontrarse tranquilo. Se aceleraba, se detenía, había un caos, había calma. Todo estaba perdido, el estaba perdido. -¿Cuándo iniciamos la clase?- Si seguía de ese modo seguramente estaría más loco de lo que se suponía que estaba. … -Entonces ¿Con que en realidad has convivido con muchas personas y vivido con ellas sin siquiera saber quiénes son? ¿No se te ha ocurrido que aquello es demasiado arriesgado y bastante tonto?- -Los riesgos son divertidos además solo tienen uno que otro pecado pero ¿Quién no lo tiene?- estaba tan relajado ante eso, era verdad que muchas cosas ya no sorprendían en el infierno –Así que ¿Siempre te ha gustado tocar guitarra?- -Sí, supongo que es uno de mis instrumentos favoritos ¿Qué hay de ti?- lo miro para después estirar sus brazos y mirar el cielo, aun se preguntaba como el otro lo había convencido de tirarse en el pasto y preguntarse tantas cosas sin sentido, cada vez que un respondía, preguntaba y así sucesivamente hasta que llegaran a la última pregunta que habían propuesto cada quien en silencio cuando se desarrollo todo aquel caos -¿Algo que te llame la atención en la música?- -No, pero me gusta bailarla ¿Eso contaría?- no estaba seguro que aquello fuera una respuesta correcta pero tampoco que estuviera errónea Suspiro divertido para después asentir –Digamos que cuenta por esta vez- -¿Por qué no eres así con todos? Ya sabes, eres simpático, tocas la guitarra, tienes puntos de vista tan interesantes, eres paciente, inteligente y cuando te enojas eres muy gracioso ¿Por qué Jonathan Combs se debería esconder de otros?- mientras más escuchaba sobre su vida, mientras más lo conocía empezaba a reconocer de forma clara que este era sorprendente, que guardaba tantas cosas que serian capaz de deleitar aunque sea a un grupo de personas que lo aceptarían sin dudarlo Es que simplemente, el otro podría conquistar a quien sea que se lo propusiera No evitaba reír por aquella introducción a su pregunta, era como si quisiera vender algo de drama a su duda –Porque no todos me hacen perder la cabeza y nadie está lo suficientemente loco para intentar ver lo que soy aunque no me molesta, si el mundo me conociera yo terminaría desconociéndome, no sabría quien soy y ahora que lo pienso no estoy seguro de que contigo sepa qué demonios hago, no pienso y eso me molesta pero sigo siguiéndote ¿No es algo masoquista aquello?- burlaba, no es como si lo considerada grave solo como si en realidad se estuviera adaptando a este, a su extraño ritmo, a su presencia tan colorida y energética -No- aseguro antes de tener que ponerse a un costado y mirarlo –Solo eres un adolescente- -Muy gracioso- -Ya sabes, es mi trabajo ser tu bufón- Leve sonidos de burla aparecieron entre ambos antes de que rodara los ojos por aquel comentario tan extrañamente familiar pero no le podía dar prioridad, estaba de nuevo perdiéndose en esos ojos, en ese rostro que seguramente otra vez lo harían despertarse desesperado por poder demostrar que eran reales -¿Por qué eres tan bueno metiéndote a la cabeza de otros?- -Ya ves, tengo un don- comento con aquel tono en que dejara de incriminarlo por algo que se \"suponía\" no tenía ni la más mínima idea –No sé a qué te refieres, no soy un ser místico o algo parecido ¿Cómo podría estar en tu cabeza?- -Explícamelo tú, sabes que te he encontrado de casualidad cuando estuve a punto de decidir que no eras más que una alucinación provocada por el estrés- -Pero eso ya no es mi culpa- aclaro, con cierta sensación de que algo debería estar revoloteando en su estomago –Tu eres quien ha querido buscar unos ojos verdes por lo que me has aclarado- -Estaba buscando tus ojos- -¿Por qué?- -Porque te metiste a mi cabeza ¿Cómo?- insistió con cierta desesperación de querer saberlo -Desconozco eso- Hay cosas que simplemente se debían hacer y lo único que se le pudo ocurrir al castaño fue el de levantarse para caminar sobre sus rodillas para acercarse al pálido quien ahora se encontraba sin idea alguna de lo que estaba haciendo aunque también Sock no estaba seguro de lo que se estaba planeando de forma repentina en su cabeza. -¿Qué diablos?- Sus frentes chocaban incluso sus narices, ojos fijos a los otros, labios tan cerca y tan lejos y había que aclarar que el rubio se encontraba debajo del moreno al cual no se le ocurrió mejor idea que encimarse. Es que no podían ser normales al parecer. -Tal vez si haces todo lo que has soñado dejes de hacerlo ¿Qué tal si lo probamos? ¿Qué seguía después de que te mire?- -Te volví a soñar…- no estaba seguro de lo que pasaba su alrededor –Tu intentabas despertarme y yo lo único que hacía era cubrirme los ojos- -Hazlo- Y no evito cubrirlo con sus manos, sintiendo nuevamente que estaba en su cuarto dudando de abrir los ojos, dudando de taparlos de si en verdad todo eso pasaba o estaba en un coma definitivo y estaba soñando todo eso de una forma tan detallada. - ¿Qué más?- -Yo no quise hacerte caso e insistías cada vez más en que me levantara, como si quisieras despertarme para que mirara luego dije que no eras real y tú me quisiste demostrar que me equivocaba- -¿Cómo?- Se detuvo a pensar ¿Qué ganaba con esto? ¿Qué perdía? –Besaste mi frente- Era demasiada la tentación de destapar sus ojos y asegurarse por primera vez por voluntad propia que todo era una mentira pero cuando volvió a sentir aquel beso temió demasiado de que el resultara fuera el mismo, dudaba de verdad si aquello era lo que deseara. Dejo que tomara su tiempo, no se movió ni respiro, solo dejo que este tomara todos los segundos que quisiera y se entretuviera en aquel beso tierno que era tatuado en su frente; debería dejar de temblar, era un terremoto interno lo que solo provocaba al intentar tranquilizarse con aquel gesto que no podía comprender y que no deseaba hacerlo, era el misterio lo que tal vez lo tenía ahí o solamente era sentir que estaba condenado a tenerlo cerca como si fuera su misión estarlo. No podía evitarlo, su respiración se agito y lo trato de disimular, aseguraba que era capaz de ahogarse. -Abre los ojos Jonathan- Y por primera vez obedeció aquella orden llevándose la sorpresa de que aquello no había sido producto de su cabeza, que seguían en el mismo lugar, que se encontraba la misma persona que estaba a punto de hacerle perder cualquier sentido. Porque de alguna manera sentía que el otro incluso aseguraba que aquello era un sueño. Porque aseguraba que también este pensaba que era una ilusión y no lo culpaba, no podía detenerlo, no podía detenerse simplemente dejo de respirar para romper en risas nerviosas. Definitivamente, estaba loco pero ¿Cuándo no lo ha estado desde que la estúpida voz apareció y ahora aquel chico que solo lo hacía dudar de su propia existencia o cordura? -Creo que voy a morir- -No, aun no- -Dime que estoy muerto- paro cuando sintió que ya no podía dar más, cuando empezaba a doler demasiado todo ello que casi podría sentir el cuerpo comprimiéndose para darle una lección y hacerlo callar de una vez por todas –Si, definitivamente estoy muerto- No podía ser ahora él quien reía por aquella negación tan profunda que tenía –Puedo asegurarte que no lo estas, pero muy probablemente si necesites un psicólogo de forma urgente – -¿Y a ti quien te pidió tu opinión?- -Lo has hecho tú- Lo tiro a un lado antes de fruncir el ceño ante eso y tener que poder pararse de rodillas y ser ahora quien le diera un beso en la frente casi como una acción involuntaria. -Ahora no seré el único loco que esté a punto de declararse muerto- -No tienes idea de lo que es estarlo- Y si, Sock acaba de morir oficialmente, de nuevo. Algo debía andar mal, algo del reconocimiento debía estar funcionando de una forma diferente pero ha descubierto cosas que no sabía todo a costa de ser besado en la frente… Y acaba de revivir nuevamente. Que alguien decida de una vez por todas su estado.[Chapter 9] Hola queridos lectores/as, se que he tenido un tiempo sin actualizar y todo eso pero les estaba haciendo otra sorpresa y no se preocupen, no voy abandonar esta historia pero solo soy alguien complicada para hacer las cosas pero no es nada fuera del otro mundo créanme en mi ya es muy normal. Cambiando abruptamente el tema, esto se trata de un Au donde nuestro homicida favorita esta vivo y nuestro rubio deprimido es un demonio encantador. Y si se lo preguntan si, es el capitulo mas largo, ahora se lleva el premio y ¿Advertencias? Leve lemmon, no pregunten, me han amenazado para que fuera asi, ojala y lo disfruten. Vuelvo a recordar, esto se terminara o cancelara hasta que yo lo diga y por cierto...habrá una sorpresa pero esa sorpresa solo existirá cuando todo tenga un fin. ALAS DE ÁNGEL CORAZÓN DE DEMONIO Sería capaz de arrancarle las alas Sería capaz de arrebatar su inocencia Destrozarlo, hacerlo caer y hacerle sentir que era menos que la nada Haría que se sintiera tan inútil Tan frágil Tan humano Porque no permitiría que aquel castaño descubriera el paraíso Porque no permitirá que se vuelva un ángel y pueda volar Lejos de sus manos, lejos de sus obsesiones Porque lo hará sentir tan poco Para ocultar lo mucho que provoca en su frío corazón J onathan detestaba tanto el hecho de mirarlo cuando este actuaba como si nada, el de disfrutar su estadía comosi no hubiera de otra, la forma en la que le recordaba tanto estar vivo. Era desesperante quedaba destacar, tan irritante, aquel humano era tan cínico que hacía que su propia cabeza rogara por un poco de paz; el infierno a comparación de Sock podía ser más tranquilo, menos hiperactivo y animado, menos sonriente y claramente sin dudas sobre dudas. Era un caos y en definitiva no le gustaban cuando él no tenía control sobre estos. Era un dolor de cabeza intenso. Pero eso no llegaba a significar que en ciertos momentos, que en ciertas oportunidades lograra con tanta facilidad tenerlo bajo el, hacerlo perder el sentido y robarle su aliento incluso los pulsos normales en el cual debería estar su corazón, o el hecho de hacerlo temblar y provocar un sonrojo extremo; estaba mal acosarlo y más cuando jugaba sucio aunque ¿Qué importaba? Era un demonio, podía hacerlo con el gusto y placer que quisiera, con la continuidad que se le complaciera aunque no faltaba decir que a veces era un gusto propio hacerlo. Debía admitir que de vez en cuando el trabajo solo era una excusa para provocar al otro, por confundirlo y hacerlo sentir tan incómodo y extraño. Lo adoraba, era tan tierno e inocente y el gustaba de arruinar las purezas incluso aquella que le parecía tan magníficamente tentadora. Sock era una maldita obsesión que no podía ser borrada de forma tan sencilla, porque el mismo admitía que no era lo típico que hacía con cualquiera ya que odiaría definitivamente que escapara de sus garras, que alguien más lo perdiera con unas simples palabras o cualquier ente se atreviera acariciar incluso su cabello; era suyo, así de simple era la situación pero si él lo sabía aquello sería el fin ¿Entonces que quedaba hacer? ¿Cuál era su deber? Algo tan sencillo como respirar, algo tan fácil como era parpadear. Hacerlo sentir tan menospreciado que esa idea nunca apareciera en su cabeza. Porque no iba a aceptar que un simple mortal obtuviera lo que nunca en su vida le entrego a nadie ni siquiera a sí mismo, porque se negaba definitivamente a creer que este pudiera dominarlo en el silencio, a través de los días y la desesperación que siempre se almacenaba, el de ser condenadamente adictivo hasta tal punto en que no dudaba en querer probarlo con su propia boca, el de insinuarse de forma directa, sin ningún indicio de pena o nerviosismo, solo deseo. Deseaba tanto a ese castaño para su gusto. -Sock- llamo casi con aquella entonación que mostraba sus intenciones para nada santas ni divertidas para el otro Era normal que el otro no lo quisiera ver y era imposible que lo pudiera culpar, estaba consciente de lo que hacía, de lo que le provocaba y aun así le gustaba tanto cuando el otro se lo recordara con una mirada molesta, con negarse a verlo por tener sus mejillas rojas. Era una delicia y la mejor manera de tenerlo ahí, con el deseo de poder escuchar su nombre escapando de esos labios a los que con gusto marcaría como suyos. Porque en realidad a Jonathan no le molestaba la idea de hacerlo suyo. -¿Estas tratando de ignorarme?- -Estoy intentando evitar los problemas- Solo pudo asentir antes de tener que flotar frente a él, dejando que sus pies estuvieran en dirección al techo y dejar caer su cabello al estar de cabeza -¿Por qué quieres evitar algo tan divertido? Pensé que te gustaban las cosas divertidas- No pudo evitar bajar la mirada antes de hundirse en hombros, no le gustaba admitir que era culpa del otro que evitara aquello siendo que lo apenaba terriblemente con lo que él creía \"divertido\" –Madura, no todo es siempre jugar, meterse en problemas y esas cosas tan absurdas e infantiles- claro que aquello hubiera sonado convincente si no estuviera intentando evitar los ojos del otro Lo maldecía tanto por cautivarlo con esos simples gestos avergonzados; es que algo debía estar mal, no comprendía como alguien con tendencias homicidas era tan adorable y tierno, era como ver a un gato con un pájaro en el hocico ensangrentado. -Entonces quieres madurar, yo puedo enseñarte cosas maduras- -¿Eh?- Pies sobre el suelo y su mano deteniendo la barbilla de este para que lo mirara de forma fija, para que su rostro no pudiera desviarse al menos aún, era solo el hecho de que a pesar que este sabía que escapar era la mejor opción se quedara mostrando que no lo intimidaba, que no era fácil de romper ni manipular. Porque se esforzaba por ser fuerte, porque usaba la ignorancia para protegerse, porque simplemente conocía cada acción suya; intimidarlo, el de hacer que su piel levemente se erizara, el observar como en el fondo todo temblaba en su interior, el cómo luchaba para que sus piernas no se pusieran débiles era el mejor resultado de aquella guerra cuando definitivamente el otro estaba a punto de perderla, cuando intentaba hacer el último esfuerzo sobrehumano por no dejarse vencer. -¿Es acaso que tienes miedo a madurar Sowachowski?- Hizo tanto esfuerzo por no sonrojarse al verlo tan decidido a afectarlo con aquellas palabras que anhelaban hacerlo caer –No…, ni siquiera a ti- Un sonido seco de burla no tardó en hacer presencia en aquel lugar. -Eres un idiota- declaro al momento en que mostró como sus propios labios eran lamidos con cierto gusto a las palabras mencionadas –Voy a disfrutar tanto que lo seas- Ya no había necesidad de dejar al otro quejarse, aunque si aún le hubiera permitido dar su opinión eso no hubiera cambiado el resultado que ahora hacia: el de besarlo de forma sorpresa, obligarlo a quedarse tan cerca y el de no poder mover su boca. Era tanta delicia junta, era tanta pureza que aseguraba estar dañando y más cuando el otro al momento de hacer un esfuerzo por librarse pudo introducir su lengua, sorprendiendo al otro, haciéndolo que temiera. El sabor era tan abrumador, casi parecido al licor pero con mejor resultado, con algo que lo volvía incluso más adictivo, más dañino y placentero que el tabaco. Incluso el esfuerzo de este por separarlo de forma inútil le resultaba tan excitante. -¿Qué…haces?- pregunto cuando finalmente aquel ente pudo dejar su boca en paz, cuando apenas y podía tomar el aire al momento de sentir su rostro fundirse y su cuerpo a punto de colapsar -Querías madurar ¿No? He prometido enseñarte cosas maduras- no evito el de quitarle la bufanda para después levantar su chaleco y camisa al mismo tiempo cuando este no sabía ni cómo reaccionar ante el ser desnudado –Te mostrare que un demonio tiene palabra- No podía moverse ni hablar, estaba seguro que en ese punto el otro hacia todo lo posible por mantenerlo de pie, con la boca entreabierta, temblando y tragando saliva; tan parecido a la parálisis del sueño cuando no puedes reaccionar a pesar de que estas consciente de tu alrededor a diferencia que él lo observaba todo y podía moverse si es que en ese momento no estuviera congelado en su propio lugar sintiendo las manos del otro sobre él. Nunca en su vida deseo tanto gritar como en ese momento –Detente…- pidió apenas en un susurro, apenas audible y sin fuerzas para ser repetido Hubiera deseado decirle que aquello era imposible pero sentía que el aroma del otro combinado con el terror lo dejaban en un estado de inconsciencia donde lo único que podía hacer era fijar sus ojos tan parecidos a los de un depredador dispuesto a sentenciar a su presa con tan solo un contacto; boca abierta y colmillos listos para atacar, sin duda fue algo tan rápido que ni el mismo se dio cuenta cuando termino mordiendo su cuello, robándole un grito ahogado, el de sentir como estaba a punto de romper en llanto. Tan delicioso y adictivo, no podía parar, era imposible contenerse. -B-basta- pidió, intentando contener las lágrimas y aferrándose a los hombros del otro evitando caer por el dolor insufrible consecuencia de aquella mordida que no paraba, que se repetía, que aseguraba era capaz de hacer que la sangre escapara de esta -D-duele- su voz apenas podía seguir existiendo -No puedo parar- no evito lamer la pequeña presencia de sangre, incluso el de recorrer su cuello con su lengua sintiendo como el otro simplemente se removía extrañado, sintiendo como se aferraba aún más hasta el punto de tomarlo de la sudadera –Tu sabor es demasiado delicioso como para dejarlo, tu temor esta fascinándome- Sus manos recorrían desde su cintura hasta aquel pecho desnudo, acariciando al inicio con suavidad aquellos pezones que se endurecían poco a poco al contacto que recibían, era tan extraño tener un cuerpo tan débil ante el estremeciéndose con algo tan suave como lo eran los roces que le daban sus manos, el escuchar suaves suspiros entrecortados buscando la forma de no ser escuchados, él como el leve llanto se suprimía para no ser escuchado. Sock parecía ser tan frágil y a la vez se obligaba a ser tan fuerte. Era lindo, tan real y fantasioso. -N-no quiero- intento ocultar su rostro en el cuerpo de este, aferrando sus manos con fuerza y sintiendo las lágrimas caer y haciendo un esfuerzo costoso para poder limpiarlas de forma disimulada –P-para- Un suave quejido salió al momento de sentir como este apretaba sus botones con cierta fuerza como si con ello tratara de corregir sus palabras pero ¿Por qué debería hacerlo? Él era quien en esos momentos le provocaba la sensación de querer llorar y morderse los labios hasta que no pudiera más, aun si sangraran o peligrara su estado físico más de lo que ahora estaba. -Solo déjate llevar- susurro con tanta malicia, presumiendo el poder que ahora tenía de su cuerpo y su mente; no quería negar en esos instantes lo tanto que deseaba tener su cuerpo debajo del suyo, con aquel rostro lleno de pánico combinado con la lujuria del momento –No luches contra tus instintos solo haces que me guste más- En esos momentos tuvo que separarlo para tomar sus manos y hacerlo caminar de espaldas hasta el momento en que pudo obligarlo a sentarse sobre su cama. Era verdad que el castaño evitaba cualquier contacto visual o el de al menos alzar su mirada y sabía que aquello estaba a punto de rozar la violación pero ¿Qué más daba? Lo deseaba tanto, le provocaba cosas que simplemente hacían en ese momento dudar en el fondo pero ¿Por qué seguir aquellas voces buenas? ¿Por qué debía ser dulce? Si lo hacia el otro notaria que estaba indefenso, estaba a punto de quebrarse. Jonathan no podía permitir que alguien lo destrozara. Porque Sowachowski tenía el poder que quisiera para hacerlo dudar de su existencia. -Mírame- Negó la cabeza antes de aferrar sus dedos a la sábana –No lo haré- -No te estaba dándote opciones, mírame- Volvió a mirar aquella tonalidad verde que se encontraba brillosa y lágrimas que las decoraban, el cómo su rostro presumía un color rojizo igual o más que el color de su propio gorro. -Ya…ya has tenido suficiente, déjame ¿Por qué haces esto?- -Porque si no lo hago yo lo hará alguien más y eso no debe suceder, me niego a que otra persona te toque sin mi autorización, que te quede claro, eres mío y eso va a ser hasta que yo quiera- -¿Y si yo no quiero ello?- -Voy a hacer que lo quieras- No dudo en ningún momento en volver a plantar sus labios sobre lo de este para callar cualquier objeción que hubiera en un futuro por el atrevimiento que haría puesto que no pudo esperar en ningún momento el de bajar una de sus manos hasta sus muslos, apretarlos como si fuera algo tan maravilloso para terminar posicionando su mano sobre sus pantalones y aquella falda tan peculiar, dar leves roces sobre la tela en aquel punto en donde justamente solo provocaba que el otro intentara infringirle algún tipo de daño inútil. Debería considerar que parecía más un tipo de tortura que una muestra \"disimulada\" de atracción, igual, para él era lo mismo y más cuando buscaba la forma de levantar aquella falda para encontrar aquella bragueta que le diera la total libertad de hacer lo que quisiera. -Jo-Jonathan- Tuvo que parar al momento en que este busco la oportunidad de poder llamarlo por su nombre casi como si aquella palabra fuera robada en ese beso en el descuido de darle el suficiente espacio para separarse. -¿Qué ganaras con…esto?- pregunto tan confundido y con temor, con la dificultad de poder respirar al sentir como su corazón se aceleraba, el cómo se negaba a mirar lo que el otro hacia -¿Por qué yo?- -No lo sé pero ¿Qué importa?- sonó tan relajado y seguro que aquello eran los detalles menores pero al ver como el otro tomaba su brazo para que evitará seguir tuvo que torcer la boca -¿Por qué quieres complicarlo tanto?- -Deja de verme como un juego...por favor- El rostro molesto por ser detenido se desvaneció ante esas simples palabras -¿Pero qué estupidez estás diciendo?- -¡Deja de estar jugando con mis emociones! Ya es suficiente ¡Deja de tomarme como un simple juego!- -Entonces es eso...- pareció pensativo antes de acostarlo en su totalidad con la única mano libre que le quedaba, golpeando con su dedo en la parte media de su pecho donde se sentía el corazón del otro latir con fuerza -Crees que juego contigo, eres demasiado tonto- ahora no evitaba posicionar completamente su mano en aquel pecho quien intentaba no expandirse por respirar con velocidad –Si en realidad fuera eso tu estarías tranquilo, no tendrías que asegurártelo- Cerró los ojos con fuerza intentando tranquilizarse, en hacer todo lo posible para que el otro no lo confundiera, que la realidad se mantuviera en su lugar -¿Por qué debería creer en un demonio?- Zafo su brazo de aquel agarre antes de hundirse en hombros –No deberías pero lo haces ¿Por qué quieres engañarte a ti mismo?- tuvo que mover la mano que se encontraba sobre su pecho a su boca para cubrirla y tener que clavar su mirada silenciando cualquier respuesta que lo siguiera interrumpiendo –Solo relájate- Parecía ser imposible que el otro obedeciera pero en ese momento en que sintió como se calmaba no evito soltar un suspiro por haber ganado finalmente y más cuando pudo bajar el cierre y desabrochar aquel pantalón aun si este se removiera con extrañeza ante tal invasión a su privacidad e incluso las palabras que eran ahogadas al momento en que su mano se adentro dentro de su ropa interior. -Oh ¿Tienes mucha sensibilidad?- sabia que este no podría contestarle aunque la forma en la que se movía explicaban demasiado –Tal vez debería dejar de hacer eso…- no hubo ni siquiera un descanso para que terminara tomando su miembro, acariciándolo con suavidad –Pero eso sería algo bueno y que yo sepa no lo soy- Dejo de cubrir su boca al momento en que el otro parecía dejar de querer dar batalla, cuando estaba seguro de que ni siquiera pensaba con claridad. -Sa-saca…aleja…a-ah- prefirió nuevamente en cerrar la boca antes de cubrir su rostro con sus manos al sentir como todo su rostro comenzaba a arder sin negar que de vez en cuando aquellos gemidos escapaban contra su voluntad, tan bajos y pausados como si no supieran exactamente como expresarse -Y-ya no- -Pero si veo que lo disfrutas, no veo la necesidad de parar- esta vez empezó a masturbarlo debajo de la tela que cubría su virilidad solo viendo como este incluso deseaba mover sus piernas las cuales no llegaban a reaccionar –Después de todo creo que disfrutas de la sensación de ser tocado- Cuando intentaba reclamar aquello solo suave gemidos salían de él, teniendo que mover sus manos las cuales terminaron aferrándose a las sábanas –E-es raro…mhg…sé si-siente e-extraño- confeso cuando nuevamente movió sus manos la cual al menos una de ellas termino siendo mordida Paso uno de sus dedos por su espalda solo viendo como terminaba por arquear esta a consecuencia de las caricias que le brindaba -No me obligues a que digas mi nombre Sock, no te recomiendo dejarme con ese deseo- -Ca-cállate- -No, no, ¿Qué son esos modales? Definitivamente deben ser corregidos- detuvo todo lo que estaba haciendo solo alcanzando a escuchar como el otro tomaba y expulsaba una gran cantidad de aire por ello aunque su respiración volvió a notarse irregular cuando sintió el cómo deslizaba por sus piernas aquellos calzoncillos y sentir nuevamente como las manos de este intentaban cubrirlo –Hey basta, basta, he sido compresivo contigo tengo mis niveles de paciencia- -¿Y eso es culpa mía?- reclamo haciendo el inútil esfuerzo de alcanzar aquel pedazo de tela que en definitiva el otro ya había alejado de su alcance –No quiero estar desnudo- murmuro sintiendo la pena invadirlo de forma extremista, en ese punto ahora ni siquiera pensaba si el hecho de estar ansioso/asustado por lo que haría este fuera bueno -Y tu eres el pervertido que empezó todo esto ¿No prefieres tomarme una fotografía para que dure más?- -Primeramente no estás desnudo aun tienes tu falda, en segunda gracias y lo de la foto ¿Dónde tienes una cámara? - -¿¡Q-qué!?- no evito ahora mover sus manos en negación ante eso –Es decir, yo, eh, no te atrevas- pidió en forma baja, casi suplicante -Tal vez haya una forma en la que puedas convencerme- sugirió mostrando una enorme sonrisa ante eso No dudo en tragar saliva al ver esa expresión de que algo malo pasaría -¿C-Cómo?- a pesar de que no quería verlo tuvo que observarlo de reojo antes de volver a cubrir su mirada y soltar un leve grito -¿¡Pero qué demonios haces!? ¡No te desnudes frente a mí!- Empezó a reír por ello ignorando su clara molestia para deshacerse de todo aquello que impidiera llegar al acuerdo que en su mente se estaba organizando -¿Es acaso que Napoleón tiene miedo?- -No me digas Napoleón- -Entonces no me digas que hacer- Coloco sus piernas alrededor de si teniendo que asegurarle que aquello probablemente dolería mas no dijo cuánto siendo que al momento de introducirse (aun obligándose a ser dulce) el otro inmediatamente se aferro contra su espalda encajando sus uñas con toda la fuerza posible y maldiciéndolo en bajo cuando los suaves suspiros y gemidos no le cortaban; era una dulzura sin duda. Cuando este parecía calmarse era cuando se movía suavemente; era sorprendente la dificultad que tenia por ser tranquilo. -C-creo q-que yo ngh…a-ah- le costaba demasiado concentrarse, entre las embestidas, los besos y mordidas, el cómo su mano lo estimulaba en ocasiones: todo eso lo hacía perder la cabeza en algún punto –J-Jonathan- ya no le molestaba cuando este lo obligaba a callarse mediante besos ni el hecho de que se diera todo el hecho de invadir su boca No le incomodo para nada cuando este se vino, cuando lo regaño por hacerle todo aquello contra su voluntad pero había tanta necesidad de hacerlo suyo y evitar que otros lo tuvieran, que encontrara la forma de mantenerse mínimamente puro para lograr librarse de las condenas que habría por cualquier pecado pero ahora que definitivamente el había probado su inocencia estaba seguro que se quedaría. Definitivamente el solo lo tendría. -Entonces ¿Quieres que me quede así por más tiempo?- pregunto cuándo se separo, cortando aquellos hilos de saliva entre ambos y mirando el gesto molesto y humillado del otro -¿Eso es un sí?- No evito darle un golpe leve en el rostro con la palma solo haciendo que el otro gruñera casi como un animal –Solo un milagro a la vez, ahora ¿Podrías irte? Necesito pensar sobre lo que sucedió ahora- -Podríamos volver a repetirlo para refrescar tu mala memoria- -Solo haces que quiera tener agua bendita a la mano ¿Sabes?- No evito fruncir el rostro ante eso para el final besar su frente –Tu eres lo más puro que ahora necesito confórmate con eso Sowachowski-[Chapter 10] Bueno, bueno, antes de que pase algo quiero decirles que oficialmente esta historia se encuentra en Wattpad (Sí, me dieron la idea y la motivación de también subir mi historia ahí) así que podrán encontrarlo con el mismo título a diferencia de que no es el mismo nombre de usuario ¿La razón? Ese tiene mi primera cuenta de FF ¿Cual? La de Sentimental Melody. Tal vez algunos me conozcan con ese seudónimo, tal vez otros no, muchos me ubican por el desmadre que hice en FnaF por el hecho de que yo solo quería complacer el fandom porque es mi deber como fanficker (aparte de que quería ver al mundo arder). Por si preguntan, no, no están todos los capítulos ahí los subiré siempre que actualice aqui (me llevo com capítulos así que actualizar en Wattpad no es mucha preocupación). Atentamente: Autor Desconocido \"4 FASES PARA LA DOMINACIÓN\" Capítulo 8, fase II: Comunicación Porque hay veces que nos volvemos sordos Hay veces que nos volvemos mudos En esos momentos no queremos oír ni hablar No deseamos saber de la realidad Lo único que podemos hacer es ver con esperanzas A aquella persona que nos saca de las penumbras \"Oh cariño, solo tienes que escuchar a mi corazón latiendo al ritmo de esta canción, nuestros pasos marcando la armonía de nuestro amor\" No tenía idea de lo que estaban haciendo ahí, ni mucho menos como habían llegado siendo que no recordaba haberse ido con este a ese lugar tan blanco sin nada alrededor, pero era tan tranquilo mostrando una sola pista de baile iluminada y la suave canción que estaba de fondo. Para él era extraño pero para el moreno era algo que le atrajo al instante ya que solo tuvo que distraerse unos segundos para volver a mirar al centro del lugar y verlo bailar sin importar si aquello fuera raro o una trampa; casi tenía la sensación de que al otro no le importaba y lo tomaba como si fuera su casa, como si toda su vida hubiera estado ahí. \"Bailemos hasta caer, perdamos la cabeza e ignoremos el mundo, hoy es nuestra noche. Solo nuestros besos pueden concluir todo esto\" Debería advertirle que bailar no era la mejor opción en esos instantes pero al ver como cerraba los ojos y se dejaba llevar ante el ritmo que los acompañaba dudo en hacerlo y prefirió en callar y tomar lugar en el suelo para sentarse y observarlo. Era tan llamativo, el cómo hacia que su falda se moviera al ritmo de sus caderas y el hecho de que este mismo moviera las manos con tanta energía combinando formas tan infantiles de bailar y aun así logrando algo fantástico. Hacía que aquello le emocionara de la misma forma que a este le encantaba. Era verlo expresarse en silencio, el de mostrar una libertad desconocida y tentadora, con tan solo mirarlo el mismo se sentía libre en ese extraño sitio. \"Así que amor toma mi mano y perdámonos en este baile sin sentido, hazme sentir como si hubiéramos bebido y hagamos lo que nunca haríamos, amémonos como siempre lo hemos querido\" Intentaba no sonreír pero al verlo reír fue inevitable, el mismo empezaba a llenarse de la misma alegría que este cargaba en cada uno de sus pasos incluso en las vueltas en la que el mismo alzaba las manos mostrando que aquello incluso era un juego donde mostraba que nada importaba que todo estaba permitido, solo hacía que se le quedara observando intentando contener la sensación que el otro transmitía con tanta facilidad; ni el mismo entendía aquello lo hacía sentir tan bien, tan feliz. \"Ven, vamos a bailar un vals de ensueño donde tú y yo nos perdamos en la mirada del otro, donde solo nuestras manos y pasos digan todo lo que deseamos\" Solo tuvo que parpadear un momento para observar como este se encontraba frente suyo estirándole la mano mientras mostraba esa típica sonrisa de estar invitándolo a cometer una travesura donde seguramente saldría perjudicado. -¿En qué te puedo ayudar?- pregunto al momento de sentir como este tomaba su mano a la fuerza y lo obligaba a levantarse –No es que quiera desconfiar pero me gustaría que me dijeras que es lo que pasa por tu cabeza- Tuvo que caminar cuando este lo empezó a guiar hasta el centro de la pista, en silencio pero sin dejar de mirarlo como si estuviera seguro de caminar de espaldas sin temor a caerse por un descuido. Chasqueo la lengua enfadado, estaba disgustado cuando este decidía guardar silencio cuando finalmente deseaba escucharlo al menos para darle una explicación de todo lo que tramaba siendo que no resultaría en algo bueno, si, confiaba en que todo terminara siendo un desastre de alguna manera posible y a ese paso también lo que parecía ser imposible; un sonido de corazón latiendo y cuando menos lo pensó sus manos se entrelazaron mientras la suya se encontraba en la cintura de este haciéndolo sentir incomodo a pesar de que el otro había decidido colocarla ahí. Lo miro tan confundido de lo que trataba de hacer -¿Qué es lo que planeas?- un parpadeo de este y fue más que suficiente para asentir rendido –Considerare que esto es normal para ti- Pasos tan suaves y ligeros, sus ojos haciendo la pelea por no perderse de los otros, la forma en la que ambos cuerpos se movían sin necesidad de planear los pasos casi como si todo aquello estuviera conectado, como si todo aquello anteriormente fuera ensayado tantas veces que ahora salía a la perfección : dos cuerpos sin reglas ni restricciones, el poder de estar tanta cerca y atrapados en los brazos del otro. Era una forma de mostrar que conectaban incluso sin necesidad de tener que hablarse. Vuelta tras vuelta mirándolo tan contento de en esos momentos liberarse y no considerar en ningún momento el exterior, podría escuchar aquella risa que escapaba de sus labios todo el día y de alguna forma nunca se cansaría de hacerlo aun si llegase a ser fastidiosa. Mucho menos que ahora que se encontraba inclinándolo mirando la forma en la que levemente abría los ojos y se abrazaba a su cuello para no caer. Algo estaba mal, pensaba que era una mirada tan viva y adorable, le hacía sentir felicidad de alguna extraña manera, el lo hacía sentir tan alegre y despistado. \"Oh cariño, hazme perder el sentido y bésame sin deseo de dejarme escapar a ningún lado, hazme sentir que solo soy tuyo y muéstrame que tu eres mío, róbame el aliento y hazme suspirar porque juro que en esta noche solo bailaremos hasta que el sol se oculte y nosotros nos enamoremos\" Parpadeo varias veces admitiendo que aquello era demasiado para que estuviera pasando pero al momento de observarlo pudo solo encontrar aquel rostro lleno de curiosidad ante sus pensamientos, ese tono esmeralda brillando y mostrando algo tan desconocido y hermoso, el cómo sus labios se separaran como para preguntar algo de lo que seguramente no tendría idea. Porque era cierto, no estaba consciente de lo que pasaba en esos largos y maravillosos segundos. -¿Tienes miedo a que sea solo un sueño?- -En realidad creo que le tengo terror a que tu sigas apareciendo pensé que mi mente finalmente dejaría de imaginarte- Sonrió antes de volver a recobrar el equilibro y tener que levantarse aun abrazado de su cuello mientras mostraba con suavidad aquellos gestos de inocencia –Tal vez tengas una leve obsesión ¿No lo crees?- y antes de que comentara o dijera algo fue inevitable acariciar tan solo un poco su mejilla –Me resulta muy halagador Jonathan- Poseía la leve sensación de hormigueo que podría provocar que su piel se erizara –Lo que digas, pero esto debe acabar, no puedo fantasear- -¿Es acaso que no te gusta perderte por un momento? No hay limitaciones de tiempo o deseos todo es posible solo tienes que cerrar los ojos un momento y susurrar lo que más deseas, nada es imposible aquí ¿Por qué quieres regresar a algo que es tan real y para nada magnifico?- -Porque se cuando estoy realmente loco- -¿Y si es acaso que ya lo estas pero solo soñando puedes mostrarlo?- Busco sus manos detrás de su cuello para librarse aunque al momento en que este sintió aquel peligro sintió como sus dedos se entrelazaban, se sintió tan débil y molesto pero muy en el fondo se alegraba de aquella acción como si en realidad ese fuera el resultado que quisiera. -Entonces déjame estar loco y solo- Otro intento por librarse pero este solamente hizo que retrocediera como si se estuviera tratando de otro baile o eso podía deducir al momento en que este se dio una vuelta para terminar dándole la espalda como si de verdad lo estuviera abrazando a su propia voluntad. -No me parece divertido el dejarte solo ¿Por qué debería hacer eso?- Nuevamente otro giro donde lo vio reír antes de estirar la mano al terminar en el otro extremo. -Porque provocaras que esto se vuelva algo tan tedioso que me obligues a buscar una solución para dejar de soñar o inducirme a la hipnosis para no pensar en nada- comento finalmente soltándolo para suspirar -¿No puedes dejarme en paz?- pregunto cansado, tan extraño de seguir en ese sitio a pesar de estar seguro que estaba consciente de que podía tener la suficiente fuerza para acabar ello, para poder despertar Solo hizo un leve ruido que expresaba fastidio -¿Por qué tanto afán de querer despertar?- -Zack entiéndelo, esto es tan inmaduro ya es hora de que regresemos lo único que haces aquí es hacerme sentir raro- -¿Eso es malo?- -¡Claro que sí! Solo mírame ¿Desde cuándo yo he querido bailar cuando nunca en mi vida lo he deseado?- -¿Cuándo finalmente encontraste a alguien quien estuviera dispuesto a entender lo que eres?- defendió como si este estuviera haciéndolo de menos -Admítelo, solo haces que me sienta anormal- -Pero nunca has sido como los otros- -Solo déjame despertar ¿Quieres? Déjame de confundir y de reclamar cuando sabes bien que es verdad, solo me haces ser raro- -¿Para ti eso es malo?- -¿Qué clase de persona lo vería bien?- Hubo un silencio entre ellos cada uno mirándose de forma fija como si se estuvieran retando en esos momentos, en donde parecía que cada uno de ellos buscaba la forma de darse la razón a sí mismo o la mejor forma de convencerse que tenía razón al menos uno. Aunque en realidad ninguno de ellos ganaba en su totalidad, ambos estaban mal como a la vez bien, solo eran adolescentes uno vivo y el otro muerto ¿Qué esperaban? Ninguno de ellos ganaría no al menos de forma justa. Pero ese era el truco no hablar, no decir ni una sola palabra solo comunicarse en silencio: decir tantas ideas que el otro no pudiera comprenderlo. Sock llegaba a ser un genio en ocasiones y otras veces lograba ser lo bastante malvado como para aprovecharse de una situación en la cual claramente tenía ventaja; era tan satisfactorio al momento en ver como el otro estaba confundido pero aun así relajado, quedándose quieto en espera de una respuesta la que claramente nunca daría. El mismo estaba tarareando la canción del fondo, el mismo estaba consciente que nuevamente estaban cara a cara, tomando sus manos y alzándolas, riendo con cierta maldad y diversión en su mirar. -¿Ahora qué es lo que quieres?- Se mantuvo callado como si aquella pregunta no fuera escuchada, solo mirándolo con cierta tranquilidad al momento en que jugaba con el agarre que tenían sus manos en ese instante inclusive con la mirada curiosa del otro. -¿Dirás algo?- al verlo negar solo tuvo que tomar aire de forma pesada –En el mejor momento decides volverte mudo- No hubo más palabras solo miradas fijas mas por parte de los ojos azulados quienes trataban de hacer un esfuerzo sobrehumano por comprender a los otros pero había tantas cosas que decía y callaban, mostraban cierta travesura pero con una pizca de hacerlo por un bien común, era buscar el punto intermedio del bien y el mal o al menos eso podía apreciar con aquel rostro que podría expresar tantas cosas con tan solo un gesto. Estaba desesperándolo, no tenía el nivel de comunicación con otras personas como para poder adivinar lo que realmente este deseaba. Aquello era suficiente para estresarlo. -¿Qué es lo que quieres?- reclamo finalmente cuando se rindió Se paró de puntas al momento de inclinarse hacia adelante. -Puedo intentar despertarte con un beso como últimamente sueñas- Fue lo único que se pudo apreciar en todo ese lugar antes de que todo perdiera su color y sonido, cuando aquellos tonos se volvieron oscuros. Definitivamente todo se apago de forma brusca. Se separo con lentitud, intentando acomodarse torpemente aquellos cabellos que estorbaban en su cara mientras luchaba contra su rostro enrojecido, había sido suficiente manipulación, no soportaba mas estar cambiando aquel sueño, forzándolo a que este lo pensara; fue tan riesgoso, una locura y más ahora que no podría quedarse tranquilo, cuando solo lograba tantear sus labios al encontrar esa forma de perder la conexión. Es que definitivamente en ese momento estaba mudo. -¿Zack?- Ni siquiera pudo reaccionar al momento en que este despertaba, no podía ni siquiera ocultarse o desaparecer en el instante en que este abría los ojos de forma pesada. -Agh, mi cabeza- se quejo al momento de levantarse y detenerse antes de chocar con aquella persona que podría reconocer incluso en la lejanía -¿Pero qué…- no pudo terminar su pregunta ya que inmediatamente tuvo que tomar ese rostro para comprobar que todo aquello era verdad -¿Qué demonios haces aquí?- Abrió la boca intentando decir algo pero ninguna palabra sobresalía de su boca, estaba congelado, sin poder hablar y con trabajo lo escuchaba al sentir que su rostro se enrojecía a pesar de no tener ningún fluido en su ser que pudiera hacer aquello pero él podía crear ilusiones ópticas pero en ese punto las afiliaba con sus emociones lo que probablemente no era lo mejor mucho menos en ese caso. -Zack ¿Me estas escuchando? ¿Zack?- pregunto teniendo que mover su mano frente a él y al no verlo reaccionar se preocupo -¡Zack! Dios, reacciona- aplaudió frente suyo y al verlo parpadear suspiro, al menos no había muerto y tampoco se quedaría congelado así durante todo el día -¿Qué es lo que te sucede?- -Ah…- solo podía hacer ruidos que a veces llegaban a ser tan agudos y molestos que el mismo se obligaba a callarse, la valentía se había esfumado al momento en que hizo todo eso aparte de que no tenía la suficiente energía como para poder buscar una excusa Ahora se arrepentía de poner todo su esfuerzo en ese estúpido sueño. -¿Quieres que salga de mi habitación para que puedas pensar un poco?- Solo logro asentir de forma torpe teniendo que mirar a otro lado, estaba tan avergonzado y en ese momento se sentía nada menos que un idiota, si, uno demasiado grande. -¿Has desayunado?- al verlo negar solo tuvo que levantarse teniendo que negar con la cabeza –Te veo en la cocina y hablaremos seriamente sobre la razón por la que estas dentro de mi casa y especialmente en mi habitación- No hubo necesidad de decir nada apenas con hacer un movimiento con sus manos el otro entendió que estaba de acuerdo con aquella condición aun si no había necesidad de que tuviera que consumir algo. Después de todo ambos necesitaban pensar en lo que pasaba especialmente aquel demonio que a pesar de no sentir nada sentía todo, tal y como si estuviera vivo y eso debería ser imposible, una calamidad. Pero ahí estaba, sintiendo como algo dentro suyo estaba dispuesto a explotar por tan solo ser escuchado para que alguien finalmente lo callara de una vez. O tal vez solo necesitaba que alguien le explicara lo que sucediera. Estar muerto empezaba a ser difícil.[Chapter 11] Se preguntaran ¿Por que el capitulo 7 no parece tener relación con el 8? bueno, verán, es porque tengo planes en la mente pero aquí puedo explicarles uno de los hilos que llevara esta historia, presten atención, saquen conclusiones y teorias tal vez se equivoquen o adivinen. Nadie lo sabe pero eso es lo que lo hace interesante y cautivador ¿No les parece? \" 3 FASES PARA LA DOMINACIÓN\" Capítulo 9, fase III: Adaptación No era de extrañar que el rubio lo soportase Tampoco el que pasara por alto algunos detalles Pero había una cosa que lo hacía sentir raro Y era que a pesar de ser molesto A pesar de hacerlo sentir que perdía la cabeza Este estaba tan acostumbrado, tan adaptado a su presencia que muy en el fondo pensaba Que tal vez, solo tal vez este en realidad disfrutara de su compañía \" Respira, relájate, reacciona\" Pensó al momento de inhalar y exhalar aire con calma, teniendo que tomar la almohada de este para cubrirse el rostro por unos momentos y gritar desesperado, estaba molesto consigo mismo ¿Por qué no pudo defenderse en ese momento? ¿Por qué de repente estuvo mudo? Era tan patético y vergonzoso ¿En qué momento este le robo las palabras y la capacidad de pronunciarlas? Dejo que la almohada ahogara sus quejas, teniendo que relajar el cuerpo. No podía sobrecargarlo o la ilusión óptica terminaría por acabarse y aquello seria un problema serio siendo que si desaparecía solo sería capaz de hablarle nuevamente mediante débiles susurros, volviendo a ser una voz más en su cabeza pero en su situación actual solo lograría darle calma al no molestarlo por lo que quedaba de día; era que simplemente ahora mirarlo lo dejaba tan indefenso…era irritante, no le gustaba sentirse así. \" A este paso seré yo quien pierda la cabeza, no lo entiendo ¿Por qué a pesar de que me presta atención siento que me ignora aun?\" Termino descubriendo su cara teniendo que mirar a la puerta fijamente antes de suspirar y quedarse quieto, teniendo que volver la mirada a la almohada sin deseo de bajar al menos no aun. Algo lo dejaba inquietante. \" Tal vez no debí traerlo, tal vez solo debí dejarlo ahí hasta que se diera cuenta que estaba solo e inconsciente\" -Me estoy volviendo loco- sentenció volviendo a posicionar el rostro contra la fría funda -¿Jonathan?¡Jonathan!- miro a este quien se encontraba con los ojos cerrados y respirando suavemente aunque después de 15 minutos en los que este estaba en silencio le preocupaba o más bien le molestaba -¿Me estas escuchando?- Al no obtener respuesta tuvo que hacer un ligero sonido de molestia aunque al observarlo bien se daba cuenta que este no reaccionaba y fue ahí donde se percato: probablemente se hubiera quedado dormido pero ¿Por qué? Tuvo que tomar su rostro moviéndolo de un lado a otro asegurando aquello; debería estar mal que en esos momentos estuviera divirtiéndose haciéndole a sentir o negar. Pero le era gracioso. -Comprobado, ha caído- Se levanto con tranquilidad, sacudiendo su falda para deshacerse de todo aquello que lo ensuciara aunque no evitaba mirarlo de reojo. \" Parece estar tan tranquilo\" Tuvo que acercarse e hincarse, moviendo con sus dedos aquel cabello que invadía parte de su rostro teniendo que mantenerse en silencio, le era lindo. Nunca pensó que este tuviera tanta calma cuando dormía aunque la mayoría de las veces ignoraba aquello por tal de molestarlo. \" No creo que debería estar aquí\" Miro a todos lados, ya era tarde y las personas empezaban a salir y en realidad no creía que subirlo dormido al autobús sería mala idea. \" Tal vez debería…\" Hizo un gran esfuerzo por levantarlo y pasar uno de sus brazos por el cuello y arrastrarlo lo mejor que podía siendo que este era un poco más pesado de lo que esperaba pero de todos modos lo llevaría a casa. Iba a ser un viaje largo a pie. Recordó inevitablemente teniendo que hacer un leve puchero, no podía creer que el otro hubiera podido manipularlo de una forma tan sencilla, sin necesidad de palabras casi como si se sintiera obligado a recompensarle todo ello como si fuera culpable de que aquello sucediera y tuviera que hacerse responsable. Y contradiciendo el deseo de no querer sentirlo se sentía bien…le gustaba pensar que era por su causa. A veces su cabeza pensaba tantas cosas que ni el mismo sabia que decisiones eran las correctas ¿Pero eso acaso importaba? No podía caer más bajo, era imposible. -¡Zack! ¿Podrías dignarte a escucharme aunque sea un minuto?- Tuvo que recordar que este aun se encontraba en su casa -¡C-claro!- grito casi chocando tanto el cómo sus palabras al momento de levantarse de forma brusca para poder salir de aquel lugar Si el otro se adaptaba ¿Por qué no él? -¿Por qué tenias que ser tan pesado?- se quejo en alto cuando finalmente visualizo aquella casa teniendo que suspirar con victoria, todo el transcurso había valido la pena aun si las personas miraban raro a este por \"levitar\" a veces se le olvidaba que solamente la ilusión duraba con aquel que debía soportarlo y en horario de trabajo para los demás, era fin de semana nadie lo vería mas que el rubio pesimista. Probablemente tuvo que planearlo mejor pero lo hecho, hecho estaba. Casi sentía que iba a volver a morir cuando se obligo a dar aun mas esfuerzo para llegar al menos hasta la puerta de aquel lugar donde podía considerar su \"segunda casa\" aun si ni siquiera este le agradara la idea de que se quedara siempre y cuando lo quisiera sin ser visto ni escuchado, observando desde las sombras lo que sucedía alrededor. -Espera un minuto, tú no puedes atravesar las puertas ¿Cómo hare que entres?- le pregunto como si en realidad fuese a contestarle –Tienes razón, debí pensar este plan mejor ahora ¿Qué hago?- miro la cochera de este donde parecía estar estacionado una camioneta –Uh, nunca la había visto ¿Me habré equivocado de casa?- Lo dejo en el césped de su cochera antes de asomarse a las ventanas y observar a través de ellas: Una mujer y un hombre ambos bastante atractivos. El hombre era alto, castaño, hombros anchos y una postura que mostraba desinterés, sus ojos eran de una tonalidad azul cielo, nada parecido a los de Jonathan pero sus facciones, el tamaño de los ojos, nariz, orejas y boca lucían bastante similares, incluso la forma en la que este mismo resultaba verse tan serio. La mujer en cambio era rubia, de ojos azules metálicos inclusive más oscuros que los de Jonathan, era un poco más baja y con el cabello desalineado haciéndola ver más joven de lo que tal vez era, en cambio sus gestos eran dulces y un poco más expresivos que este, labios anchos y ojos grandes, aquellos que resultaban ser soñadores o como al menos su madre explicaba. Fue imposible no adivinar que ellos seguramente eran sus padres siendo que aquel hombre era casi exactamente igual a Jonathan, casi como si fuese su versión adulta con algunos detalles modificados. -Espero que estén acostumbrados a verte en el suelo- Toco la ventana con suavidad solo haciendo que estos mismos voltearan a esta preguntándose si se trataba del viento, claro, nuevamente olvidaba que no podía ser visto por lo cual dio unos cuantos pasos a la izquierda para llegar a la puerta de madera. No tardo mucho hasta que la mujer abrió la puerta buscando quien los solicitaba hasta que vio la mirada preocupada al mirar a su víctima en el suelo. -Oh dios, Johnny ven y ayúdame, no podemos dejar que otra vez se quede dormido aquí afuera la última vez pesco un horrible catarro- Solo pudo observar como su padre salió al rescate ante el grito de auxilio y no evito seguirlos con la mirada hasta finalmente decidir que sería mejor entrar pero al ver cómo le cerraban la puerta en la cara no evito hacer un gesto de indignado. -Así es como tratan a quien lo trajo hasta aquí ¡Esto es humillante!- Y traspaso la puerta como si nada, probablemente solo le gustaba exagerar o era demasiado distraído como para recordar la situación. Se encontraba en la planta baja, mirando el lugar como si nunca hubiera estado ahí aunque claro que se sentía diferente, era la primera vez que a su forma se encontraba invitado en aquel sitio que nuevamente pasaba a estar solo pero de alguna forma la soledad que transmitía todo ese lugar parecía ser normal. Como si todas las personas que entraran ya estuvieran acostumbradas a no reunirse con otras, a evitarse si llegase a ser posible aunque probablemente era esa la decisión del castaño que modifico todo ello; por el trato que recordó no creía que sus padres hubieran decidido eso pero eran lo suficientemente complaciente como para permitírselo. Era más bien que le deseaban dar un tiempo para madurar y tomar sus propias decisiones lo que tal vez el nunca entendió a su totalidad. -¿Jonathan?- -¿A qué se debe lo de tardarte? ¿Es acaso que no sabes bajar escalaras?- Soltó una risa falsa y molesta al verse atacado con aquello –Uno ya no puede tener un poco de privacidad- -Sabes que estás en una casa ajena a la tuya ¿No?- alzo una ceja, no deseaba dudar de que en realidad este olvidara donde estaba -¿Y eso que tiene que ver?- -Olvídalo- Lo miro caminar despreocupado, casi como si ya estuviera acostumbrado a su manera de ver las cosas. No sabía si aquello era bueno o malo. -Espero que te guste el huevo revuelto con tocino y pan tostado- -¿Eh?- Lo miro de reojo teniendo que tomar la punta de su nariz –No sé cómo has entrado y en estos momentos me contaras pero eso no significa que no te daré algo de desayunar- Estuvo en silencio sin saber que decir, simplemente lo siguió como si de esa forma estuviera agradeciendo el gesto considerado que este le ofrecía a pesar de que en el fondo sabia que simplemente el no tenía la necesidad de comer o si realmente aquel cuerpo de fantasía llegaría a servir para hacer aquello aunque sea por un largo rato y mostrar que era como cualquier otro humano. Subió las escaleras, siguiendo los pasos de este hasta finalmente entrar en su habitación y ver como lo depositaban en su calma con tanto cuidado y le deseaban que tuvieran dulces sueños, la forma en la que su padre le alboroto su cabello y su madre besaba su frente con dulzura. Aquello lo hacía sentir raro, casi nostálgico. Pero a él le gustaba ignorar todo y lucho por hacerlo en esos momentos. -Te queremos- Pudo escuchar aquellas palabras llenas de amor. No entendía como este podía rechazar tanto cariño real cuando él hubiera deseado vivir aquello sin sentir que les provocaría algún daño. -No entiendo porque no estás cerca de ellos, en realidad parece que te aman demasiado ¿Por qué quisieras alejarte de eso?- se acerco teniendo que sentarse en el borde de la cama observándolo -¿Por qué alguien quisiera dejar eso?- No iba a tener respuestas por lo cual solo suspiro para levantarse. -Zack - Tuvo que mirarlo de reojo antes de observar como este decía ahora palabras que eran incapaces de ser escuchadas. -Debe estar soñando- aseguro para dar un paso y nuevamente escuchar una sola palabra que lo hizo dar media vuelta -Quédate- No supo en qué momento la decisión fue tomada y ahora se acostaba a su lado, sin lograr poder cerrar los ojos ni estar calmado. -Estaf deliciosof- hablo con la boca llena, ignorando la falta de educación que había en aquellas acciones pero nadie lo educo en su totalidad era más la prioridad de recordarle que matar era malo Rodó los ojos con una sonrisa leve –Eso hubiera sido mejor si no hubiera comida en tu boca- Tuvo que masticar un par de veces más para poder pasarse todo lo que tenía para abrir la boca y mostrar ahora que se encontraba vacía. -Eres todo un caso - -Muchas gracias Jonathan- Dio una mordida a su emparedado tomando su tiempo para mirarlo fijamente antes de tragar – De acuerdo, ahora ¿Qué hacías en mi casa?- -No sé a lo que te refieres- -Sabes muy bien que eso no es una excusa ¿Qué estabas haciendo exactamente? Y si podemos ser específicos ¿Por qué estabas en mi cuarto?- Tuvo que relajarse antes de hundirse en hombros –Veras, tú estabas mirando a los demás y concluiste que las clases acabaron así que te levantaste y decidiste irte pero escogí acompañarte, pero como el autobús no pasaba terminamos por decidir que era mejor regresar caminando- Era tan curioso como sentía calma a la vez que estaba tan ansioso sin ningún motivo en especial, pero estar así con él en esos momentos resultaba reconfortante. Se sentía maravilloso. -No recuerdo eso- -Tal vez sea porque después de invitarme a tu casa y que tus padres empezaran a conversar con nosotros empezaste a quedarte dormido en el sofá- Pero no estaba satisfecho, él quería dejar de sentirse tan raro por lo cual lo mejor que pensó fue manipular sus sueños de la forma en la que uno de los demonios le comento como hacerlo. -Espera ¿Mis padres estuvieron aquí?- -Sí, me ha sorprendido el parentesco que tienes con tu padre ambos son idénticos solo que él se nota aun más maduro que tu- Ambos dieron una nueva mordida a su comida. \" Solo hay necesidad de conectar su alma con tu cuerpo\" recordó al momento de inclinarse y acomodar aquellos mechones que estorbaban en su rostro. -Supongo que es verdad que nos parecemos un poco- Rió mientras mostraba una gran sonrisa –Seguramente serán iguales en un futuro pero dime ¿No estás molesto por haberme quedado un rato aquí?- Lo pensó un poco, en realidad no sabía de que le podía reclamar si aquello no había sido su culpa –Bien, no me molestare por esa extraña invasión a mi privacidad pero debe existir reglas en esto- Sus ojos se agrandaron como si aquello lo hubiera asustado. \" Solo necesitas conectar labios con labios\" pensó, como si aquello no fuera algo extraordinario. -Regla número 1, nada de entrar a mi casa sin que yo esté enterado con anticipación- Asintió teniendo que cruzarse de brazos. Termino inclinándose, posando su boca con la suya con suavidad. -Regla número 2, nada de hacerme volver a saltar clases- -Pero…- al mirarlo tuvo que callar – Bien- Cerró los ojos intentando concentrarse en algún escenario que le diera ventaja. -Regla número 3, nada de hacer alguna travesura- -¿Puedo hacer las que no te involucren?- -Está bien- rodó los ojos, aseguraba que este no cumpliría aquello pero esa no era tan primordial así que lo pasaría solo en ocasiones Pero le costaba pensar, se sentía tan seguro en esa posición que solo coloco sus manos sobre este sin provocarle ningún peso, buscando comodidad ante la posición en la que se encontraba. -Regla número 4, deja de aparecerte de la nada harás que me dé un ataque- -Estas exagerando- -Probablemente pero entiendes mi punto ¿No?- Asintió teniendo que hundirse en hombros avergonzado, no es como si en realidad llegara de la nada, oh, esperen justamente hacia eso. Estaba tan seguro que no evito pensar en algo que le gustaba, en algo que lo hacía sentir tan libre sin importar lo que sucediera o en qué situación se encontraba. -Ultima regla, salgamos a conocernos mejor- Estaba a media cucharada de dar sus últimas mordidas pero termino deteniéndose al instante que lo escucho. -¿Qué?- -No lo voy a volver a repetir- Cerró los ojos intentando recapacitar aquello ¿Es acaso que en verdad le pedía conocerse? ¿Estaba pidiéndoselo de una forma seria? –Estaría encantado, me parece una asombrosa idea- No evito asentir ante ello –Por ahora son las únicas Zack, ahora me sentiré tranquilo y probablemente no hagas que me dé jaqueca- -Era divertido ser tu jaqueca- -No te preocupes, eres capaz de convertirte en cualquier cosa supongo que debería temerle a eso- -Aun si fuera el mal encarnado dudo que me temieras- Y pensó en bailar pero no solo él, bailar a su lado, perderse en algo que le gustaba con alguien que por algún motivo le daba la sensación de ya no estar tan solo como antes. -Es como si supieras todo de mí- -No tienes idea- Porque por algún extraño motivo el sentía que en realidad era él mismo quien se encontraba soñando.[Chapter 12] \"2 FASES PARA LA DOMINACIÓN\" Capítulo 10, fase IV: Planificación La vida a veces daba tantas vueltas que uno estaba a punto de vomitar En ocasiones se volvía tan impredecible, tan complicada A veces el alrededor llegaba ser un misterio Pero al menos para Sock aquello era maravilloso Hasta que cierto día dudo si en realidad no planear nada de algo servía Si en realidad estaba listo para enfrentarse a esos ojos que lo hacían caer Hay veces en las que simplemente la vida se complica, hace que las cosas dejen de verse tan sencillas como uno lo esperaba, que los objetivos que uno pensaba conseguir ahora se vean tan lejanos, inalcanzables. Porque en esa situación todo cambiaba, su perspectiva era diferente como todo a su alrededor, se volvía tan difícil, tan extraño, tan increíble… El mundo que por un momento creía que no era más que una ilusión desastrosa tomaba un sentido mejor, tomaba una diminuta esperanza que nunca noto o al menos cuando él no estaba nunca la percibió; era la sensación de ser ignorante, de sentirse ciego y tan torpe, tan manipulable, alguien que se dejaba influenciar con una sola sonrisa, con una mirada y una voz tan baja siempre animando su día. Porque le podrían preguntar a cualquiera, Jonathan era otra persona, era la creación de aquel castaño ahora. El tiempo que ellos compartían, la forma en la que detenían el tiempo, las cosas tan infantiles que hacían, las veces en que lo seguía en silencio porque este se lo indicaba para mostrarle un lugar tan sencillo y especial, las veces en que el otro tornaba el mundo tan curioso, las veces que jugaban a ver cosas invisibles en el cielo, las ocasiones que se sentaban juntos y observaban alrededor, cuando jugaban por algún motivo desconocido, cuando se miraban y solo provocaba que sonriera, la forma en la que se acercaban siempre, las veces en que lo escuchaba despertarlo, cuando lo miraba fuera de su casa esperándolo, las ocasiones en que el otro lo influencio por invitarlo a su casa hasta el punto de hacer maratones de películas o videojuegos. Tantas cosas con tan solo una persona, tanta confusión por causa de uno. Tantos días que se volvían semanas y su vida resultaba ser un poco mejor de lo que creía. Se encontraba viviendo lo que nunca en su vida hubiera hecho, hacia las cosas que dejaron de sorprenderle cuando llego el momento de madurar de una forma brusca y algo gris. Porque por segundos volvía a ver los colores que el aseguraba nunca haber existido. Pero era sencillo, el era un lienzo en blanco donde muchos artistas habían fracasado en pintar algo increíble, en darle un sentido, porque todo resultaba perdido en esas alturas o al menos era así hasta que lo miro sobresalir como si nada, como miro que con tanta sencillez el manipulaba sus sentidos y deseos, sus propios sueños y anhelos. Debería resultarle aterrador pero por algún motivo le agradaba. No debería agradarle eso pero ya lo hacía, ya estaba perdido. -Vamos, toca otra- pidió con suavidad al momento en mirarlo fijamente con ilusión -Pero si te he tocado todas las canciones que se y me has obligado a cantártelas, no puedo hacer milagros ¿Sabes?- -No seas aburrido, puedes inventar una ¿Esa no es la gracia de la música? Crear letras y ritmos ¿Lo he dicho bien?- Empezó a reír en bajo por ello teniendo que asentir –No puedes usar ese excusa por siempre- -Pero este día no es siempre, vamos, toca algo- -No lo sé, nunca he creado algo de la nada- -Confío en ti- Suspiro intentando pensar con que nota iniciar o cual sería el ritmo adecuado, eran tantas cosas que se consideraban que solo lograba frustrarse pero al verlo moverse lentamente como si siguiera una canción que el otro solo escuchaba, la forma en la que cerraba los ojos y se mecía de un lado a otro, mostrando tanta libertad, tanta seguridad al igual que la ignorancia. Era la felicidad en persona, una peculiar felicidad en realidad. \"Y si tuviera el poder de describirte tal vez en estos momentos tendría los mejores versos que dedicarte pero no soy un poeta, ni mucho menos un escritor, no puedo decir lo que eres, solamente eres un enigma que no comprendo, que no entiendo\" Pudo observar como este abría los ojos y lo miraba teniendo que obligarse a no distraerse con esa tonalidad ni mucho menos con esa sonrisa que lo alentaba a seguir junto a su baile. \"Pero alguien me ha hecho entender que las mejores cosas no se pueden comprender que simplemente hay que dejarse llevar, que solo hay necesidad de soñar con los ojos abiertos, que solo hay necesidad de mirarlo como si de un milagro se tratara y en este punto no dudo que lo seas\" Lo miro parar y tomar lugar junto a su lado, eso significaba que ahora toda la atención de su ser se encontraba en sus palabras, en la canción que ni siquiera pensaba. \"Solo hay necesidad de verte a los ojos y notar que eres tan peligroso para la humanidad, con esa sonrisa y esos ojos que solo saben soñar, pero haces que el mundo se vuelva maravilloso cuando es el infierno, haces que el paraíso este a mi alcance ¿Es acaso que el inframundo en realidad es tan hermoso como lo haces ver?\" Sintió como se recostaba en su hombro teniendo que sonreír. \"Haces que pierda la cabeza y los sentidos, dominas todo lo que era y soy, provocas tantas emociones y sensaciones que en este momento solo harías que cualquiera temiera; confiésalo, no eres real, solo una ilusión de mi cabeza obsesionada con hacerme sonreír, por hacerme de una vez por todas feliz\" \"¿Y si en realidad tú eras lo que nunca pudo conseguir? ¿Cómo estás seguro que por tu causa el no deseo quedarse y hacer que el infierno fuera un paraíso?\" Tuvo que mirarlo al momento de escuchar como este interrumpía, como si en esos momentos el quisiera volver todo ello a un dueto. \"En estos momentos pensar en algo es difícil, solo haces que me pierda en tu mirar, solo haces que quiera hacer cada sueño tuyo en una realidad\" \"Entonces despierta y acércate, deja de pensar un momento y date cuenta desde que te tengo, desde que me sueñas haces que tú seas lo único que quiero\" \"¿Y cómo sé que todo esto es real y no un sueño?\" \"No lo sé pero sí lo es creo que yo tampoco quiero despertar\" \"Entonces simplemente no despertemos y soñemos\" El sonido de aquella guitarra lentamente se extinguía al igual que aquellas voces que expresaban las primeras palabras que se cruzaban por su mente hasta el punto en que se detuvieron y lo único que sentenció el final fueron aquellas ultimas notas que aun provocaban un eco, cuando solo sus ojos llegaban a expresar partes ocultas de aquella canción sin sentido simplemente liberador. En ese punto pensar en algo más que no fuera ellos llegaban a ser imposible. -Eso ha sido maravilloso- comento en bajo teniendo que sonreírle avergonzado de haber interrumpido el silencio que el otro tal vez disfrutara –Eres muy talentoso- susurro intentando mirarlo a los ojos -Si…supongo- por algún motivo no lograba formular palabras coherentes –Ayudo mucho el que tu intervinieras- -Exageras- -¿Cuándo has visto que yo exagere?- Intento refutar aquello pero no tenía pruebas con el cual acusar al otro por lo cual frunció su gesto intentando encontrar la forma de ganar –No lo sé ¿Hoy?- termino por hundirse en hombros restándole importancia a ello Nuevamente el silencio invadía aquel lugar pero no era incómodo, era tan confortante estar tan quietos, casi sin respirar y mirando aquellas tonalidades tan contrarias unirse sin necesidad de tener que parpadear como si en ese momento se congelaran por ver al otro. -Entonces… ¿Por qué no intentas escribir algo propio?- De verdad adoraba no tener que hablar pero era realmente incomodo cuando sentía que algo quería nacer dentro de su ser, como si estuviera cobrando vida. Eran cosquilleos imaginarios que serían capaces de robarle una carcajada para nada grata. -¿Estarás ahí cuando lo haga?- -Tal vez- -Entonces tal vez lo haga- Se acercaron tan solo un poco más, teniendo por un momento que contener la respiración y controlar su corazón. -¿Por qué me necesitarías?- -Por la misma razón que eres un ser enigmático- Unos centímetros más, las respiraciones chocaban y el corazón estaba amenazando con acelerarse y parar bruscamente. -Creo que estás loco Jonathan- -Tú eres quien hizo que perdiera la cabeza ¿Lo olvidas?- Sus bocas se encontraron por segundos, sus labios danzaron por un corto tiempo antes de que ellos mismos se dieran cuenta que habían sido víctimas de sus deseos, de lo que probablemente en ese instante demandaban; todo era tan raro que de inmediato se separaron cada quien mirando por su lado y disimulando que aquello era causa de la escena en la que se encontraban. Pero no se puede engañar cuando uno se está enamorando, tan simplemente hay necesidad de verlos un poco para notar que no actuaban normales. Que eran más extraños de lo que eran. Porque entre ambos cometieron la travesura que tramaban sus propias emociones. Ambos hacían un gran esfuerzo por intentar explicar que aquello no fue algo que ellos mismos pensaran que simplemente sucedió, como si algo los obligara, como si algo los hubiera alentado a hacer eso. -Yo de verdad…- -No, no es nada, en serio- -¿Todo bien?- -Bien- Esta vez aquella falta de palabras era tan incómoda más que nada por la razón de que aquello provocaba que sus corazones fueran el único sonido percibido en ese ambiente tan confuso. -Uh ¿Iras al baile?- -¿Baile? ¿Qué baile?- -El que organiza la escuela ya sabes, la razón por la cual todas las chicas gritan emocionadas al recibir una rosa de su acompañante- -¿Gritaban por eso? Yo pensé que tenían una abeja u otro insecto- Suspiro alegre antes de reír suavemente y ladear la cabeza -¿Nunca has ido a un baile? ¿Hablas en serio?- -Deja de burlarte- se cruzó de brazos aunque termino por mirarlo ya curioso del tema -¿Qué se supone que se hace en esas cosas?- -Bueno bailar, platicar con la persona que te acompaña, ver a quienes coronan o los premios que recibe la escuela o cierto alumno sobresaliente y cosas así es como una reunión pero formal y todas esas cosas de tener que asistir con una pareja- -Oh…- se quedó en silencio por un par de segundos antes de que este siguiera con sus dudas -¿Tu iras?- -Es obligatorio- comento molesto y con cierto toque de estar harto de la única condición que le hacían pasar para perdonar en parte su actitud tan pesimista con la gran parte del mundo –No es como si fuera la primera vez que asisto aunque siempre me resignaban a una pareja pero ahora creo que ya sé quién puede ser mi acompañante- Por un momento juro sentirse mal, juraba sentir como el estómago se comprimía hasta el punto de provocar algún dolor casi real -¿En serio? Wow, bueno no me esperaba eso pero que bien- tuvo que mirar el suelo intentando creer que aquello había salido con verdad que con aquel pesimismo que juro notar -¿Y es linda?- -¿Qué?- -Ya sabes si es de tu agrado- Alzo una ceja sin entender aquello, como si estuviese hablándole en otro idioma –No te entiendo- -Oh por el amor de ¡Jonathan! ¿Crees que ella es adecuada para ti?- -No lo sé ¿Te crees lo suficiente para venir conmigo? Quisiera esta vez convivir con alguien que me agrade de una extraña forma, tal vez esta vez no sea tan aburrido como otras veces- -Genial, iras con una des- espera ¿Qué?- esta vez el sentimiento que creaba era la vergüenza una que hacia mostrar un sonrojo en ese cuerpo que movía como si fuera una marioneta -¿Tu me querías invitar a mí?- Asintió intentando por todos los medios posibles en no terminar con una risa descontrolada aunque apenas y lograba aquello ya que se mostraba que estaba tan divertido por ni siquiera entender la indirecta que le mencionaba. Aunque probablemente también era el rostro del otro lo que le provocaba tanta gracia pero paro al momento de ver su intento de mostrar que estaba molesto. -Lo siento, lo siento, es que debes admitir que fue tan divertido- se disculpó para inhalar y exhalar aire en busca de extinguir todo el humor -Y que dices ¿Aceptas?- -¿Pero dónde está mi ramo de rosas? No, algo nuevo ¿Dónde está mi ramo de lo que sea? ¡No puedes pedírmelo así cuando a todo mundo se le da aunque sea una rosa! ¿Dónde está mi flor?- Su cara necesitaba ser plasmada en ese momento al encontrarse tan desconcertado en ese instante –Pero Zack, las flores se les dan a las mu- -Es la única forma en la que voy a aceptar ir- -¿No quieras que también te lo pida de rodillas y vestido con un traje?- -Eso suena maravilloso- -Debes estar bromeando- -¿Cuándo he bromeado? No contestes- Termino por levantarse junto a su guitarra teniendo que caminar mientras rodaba los ojos –Claro, lo que digas- se detuvo teniendo que mirarlo de reojo -¿Vienes o vas a querer quedarte aquí a quejarte de tu falta de madurez?- No hubo necesidad de pensarlo dos veces ni siquiera tiempo de pensarlo una hasta tal punto que ya lo terminaba siguiendo –No puedes escapar de esto tan fácil- -Creo que de eso estoy consciente- Y en esos momentos era como si aquel beso nunca hubiera sucedido, era como si nada hubiera pasado en esos instantes simplemente se notaba desde lejos la forma en la que trataban de olvidarlo, en las risas que ocultaban todo lo que les había provocado aquello, las razones por las que se encontraban atrapados porque en ese punto cada uno se condenaba, cada uno se amarraba una soga al cuello solo estando a centímetros de saltar y dejar que la vida se extinguiera. Era simple, ambos en esos instantes se arrancaban lo que eran solo por complacer al otro. Y eso llegaba a ser más peligroso que arder en el infierno. Aun no lograba comprender porque en esos momentos se encontraba sobre su rodilla al momento de mostrar aquel ramo de astromelias purpuras decoradas con tanto esmero por manos ajenas a las suyas (claro que las manualidades no era lo suyo pero si el de conseguir el dinero para ese detalle que se marchitaría sin duda, era desesperante ver como su dinero iba a quedar muerto después de cierto tiempo) ni mucho menos de portar lo que sentía ser un estúpido traje de mayordomo o el hecho de que el otro solo mostrara una sonrisa victoriosa. Lo había molestado semanas enteras por ello, había hecho que su cabeza estuviera a punto de explotar hasta que un día finalmente logró convencerlo. Y ahí estaba, humillándose de una gran forma. -¿Contento?- pregunto casi al mismo tiempo en que lo maldecía por orillarlo a hacer esa tontería tan grande - No me esperaba esto- fingió antes de tomar el ramo y abrazarlo contra el –Pero ¿Por qué me las has dado? ¿Tienes algo importante que decirme? Algo así como una petición o algo por el estilo- -¿Estás hablando en serio? Debe ser una broma- al ver como este esperaba que lo dijera no pudo soltar un sonido de queja –Quisiera que me acompañaras al estúpido baile- -Puedes hacerlo mejor, vamos inténtalo- -No me obligues a- -¿Esas son formas de hacer una propuesta? Patético, pensé que lo podías hacer mejor que eso- Termino por levantarse antes de sacudir sus piernas para acercarse y por un momento tener que pegar su frente con la suya, haciendo que sus narices alcanzaran a tocar y mostrar de esa forma en que estaría dispuesto a dejarle claro que no aceptaría más humillación por su parte. Aunque probablemente el instinto en esos segundos lo estuviera dominando más; una mano sobre su mejilla y la otra en su cintura, como si en esos instantes le mostrara que no había escapatoria, que el mismo se había buscado esa posición tan poco cómoda tratándose del espacio personal. -¿Podrías hacerme el favor de ser mi pareja del baile? Sería un placer tenerte de compañía- su voz fue tan sonora como si quisiera en verdad susurrarle algún secreto, como si quisiera convencerlo de esa forma tan sencilla en que la rudeza se combinaba con las palabras, intentando hacer algo parecido al deseo de tenerlo ahí Y Sock no pudo evitar caer al momento de solo poder decir un solo \"Sí\" tan bajo y trabajoso, volviendo a mostrar debilidad ante esos ojos y sentir el cómo casi se derretía con aquella voz tan encantadora. Si, había caído ante unos simples encantos, era bastante patético; necesitaba callar todo lo que era de una vez porque si, juraba que su cabeza gritaba \"bésalo\" ahora que se encontraban a sí. Pero lo único que lograba hacer era intentar respirar al momento de cerrar los ojos y hacer un esfuerzo por no provocar la ilusión de que estaba temblando al sentirse tan extraño con su persona. -¿Si qué?- Empezaba a arrepentirse por haberlo molestado –Estaría encantado de acompañarte- y cuando no lo sintió cerca pudo respirar, pudo sentir que todo estaba bien y que el pánico era tan falso como su cuerpo prestado para que el otro creyera verlo en esos instantes Jonathan ganaba en un juego que se supone él tenía planeado, en donde se supone él sabía que tendría ventaja. Pero esos ojos siempre lo harían caer, la forma en la que eran sus labios y su textura lo harían enloquecer. Sencillamente el plan termino yéndose por el desagüe al momento en que este se convirtió en una encantadora debilidad que podía provocarle sentir tantas cosas que nunca pudo percibir antes. -El baile es alrededor de un mes, tienes mucho tiempo de planear otra humillación para mi persona- bromeo, sintiendo de esa manera como recuperaba su orgullo -Si…- -Nos vemos Zack- Miro como se despedía con la mano teniendo que imitarlo a la vez que aquella suave despedida se hundía en su boca hasta el punto de llevarse una mano al pecho. -¿En qué momento sentir esto fue parte del plan?- se pregunto cuándo aseguraba que había algo dentro que lo hacía emocionarse y querer esperar hasta el dichoso día, pero probablemente sintiera lo mismo incluso mañana cuando lo viera y así sucesivamente[Chapter 13] \"1 FASE PARA LA DOMINACIÓN\" Capítulo 11, fase V: Enamoramiento No negare que cada vez que abrimos la boca algo malo pasa No voy a negar que seas un peligro, que tú seas dañino Me tienes envenenado, simplemente me encuentro drogado Quiero probar una y otra vez esos labios tan contaminados No me importa si aquello es capaz de hacerme sentir vivo para volverme a matar Estoy dispuesto a todo por tan solo volverte a probar Y saber que no soy el único loco que lo quiere volver a intentar Después de todo el infierno puede esperar un poco más Una de las cosas más peligrosas que probablemente le podría suceder a cualquier ser humano es llenarse de miedo, timidez, pánico, de ideas que simplemente estaban fuera de lugar por tan solo un sentimiento compuestos de varios, forjados con el tiempo o al instante, aquella reacción que se daba en el cerebro similar al que produce la droga. Es sencillo saber que enamorarse resulta ser una de las cosas que pueden hacer que uno sienta tanto como a la vez nada: sencillamente porque uno se es inestable en ese punto. Se puede comparar con una bomba, si se activa ya se tiene en cuenta que hará un gran daño sea para uno mismo o para otras personas. Para ser algo que es sencillo tiende a complicarse con uno o con el tiempo incluso de las opiniones de otros. Cada uno es responsable de los daños que puede causar porque es verdad que no todos actúan de la misma forma cuando se encuentran enamorados, tienden a actuar diferente ya sea disimulando o negando el sentimiento o en sí, perdiendo la cabeza y pareciendo psicópatas; en su caso se podía ver notablemente que ni siquiera tenía la mínima idea de que hacer aunque claro ¿Quién podría culparlo? Gran parte de su vida se le enseño que decir o hacer, se le excluyo de cualquier ser humano y de la sociedad, estuvo cerrado, se encontraba atrapado como un pájaro en una jaula. Y ahora que era libre, ahora que el rubio encontró la forma de abrir aquel cofre lleno de emociones nuevas ¿Qué se supone que debía hacer? ¿Qué se supone que necesitaba sentir? Todo era raro, muy diferente a lo que recordaba, o a lo que se pudo imaginar. Porque en realidad, no podía compararlo con nada ni siquiera con el afecto que le tenía a sus padres porque a pesar de enterrar eso muy bien, la forma en la que se sentía atraído a Jonathan era más inquietante, tan profundo y mucho más conflictivo para sus pensamientos y planes. Porque en esos momentos el mundo parecía querer hacerlo sentir tan perdido y sin esperanzas de comprender nada. Aunque el mismo admitía que se sentía bien, cuando se encontraba en un abrazo del otro, cuando escuchaba al otro cantar o hablarle, las veces en las que le preocupo y el otro estuvo atento a pesar de no admitirlo, las veces en que sus rostros se encontraban tan cerca y lejos, el deseo insufrible por querer perderse en su mirada, las veces en que le robaba un suspiro silencioso y lo obligaba a buscar el aire que jamás necesitaría. Le gustaba a la vez que lo odiaba, era la necesidad de estar cerca suyo aun estando consciente de que si permanecía a su lado algo dentro suyo demandaría por querer volver a perder el aliento, el de encontrarse con los ojos cerrados y estar atrapado entre esos brazos al momento de sentir aquel corazón latir con tanta fuerza y velozmente. Había la necesidad de volver a besarlo, de callar todo lo que pasaba dentro suyo porque ahora resultaba que estaba perdiendo nuevamente la cabeza y su propia voluntad de tener todo en calma, de tener todo como se debía. Si lo pensaba un poco mejor tal vez era bueno para atraer los desastres. Jonathan era un gran ejemplo de eso. El siendo dinamita y el teniendo los fósforos necesarios para encender la mecha, obviamente algo grande iba a suceder. Aunque tal vez eso era necesario. No había necesidad de sentirse ignorado, ni mucho menos traicionado al ver al otro tan cerca de otras personas siendo obligado a hablar, era normal, los demás se dieron cuenta de lo agradable que podía ser el pálido si se le daba la oportunidad, si este se lo propondría. En realidad, convivir con este llegaba a ser interesante, divertido, su forma de pensar y ser era tan curiosa y misteriosa que seguramente más de uno se quedaría ahí atrapado en todo lo que ocultaba; era maravilloso, una historia con tantas probabilidades que aun si llegaba a ser abrumadora a uno le encantaría. Y ahí estaba el problema, no quería que otros descubrieran lo que a él le costó encontrar, no deseaba que los demás vieran lo que él vio sin necesidad de dudar. Se negaba a compartir lo que el descubrió, la sensaciones que solo el otro le otorgaba con unos simples gestos, con acciones tan cortas o esos ojos que lo dejaban perdido en una dulce fantasía que el solo podía ver en su cabeza y aun estar al pendiente de la realidad. \"Sabes que lo estas mirando raro ¿Verdad?\" escucho a la parte más consciente de sus pensamientos tomar lugar entre todo ese silencio \"A este paso todo mundo lo está notando menos tu ¿No podrías disimular aunque sea un poco? Todo mundo tenía una voz en su cabeza, aquella que intenta hacer que uno haga las cosas bien y con cordura, que se haga siempre lo adecuado y nos alienta a ser personas normales y buenas. Lamentablemente Sock como la mayoría de las personas la ignoraban olímpicamente. \"Escúchame por una vez en tu existencia y deja de mirarlo, intenta parecer normal ¿No se supone que era el objetivo?\" Hizo una mueca al ver como una de las chicas empezaba a reír, posando la mano sobre este. Por algún motivo sentía como algo se le hacía nudo en el estómago, casi haciendo que tuviera una molestia que no podía ser controlada, el cómo tenía tantas ganas de parar eso. Pero no podía, no había necesidad de eso ¿Entonces por que las ganas incesantes de separar aquella humana de lo que por algún motivo creía suyo? No había nada que le dijera que Jonathan podía solo estar con él, o solo mirarlo a él, pero no negaba que aquello realmente sería reconfortante, que el otro solo hiciera eso. \"Olvídalo\" En esos instantes parecía que su forma de ser y la voz más madura se ponían de acuerdo al ver como ella ahora sostenía la mano del otro en un apretón. Sentía rabia, tenía la sensación de ser traicionado a la vez como si el buscara la forma de deprimirlo. No soportaba tanta confusión en una escena. Termino levantándose de su lugar llamando la atención de todos aquellos que estaban alrededor incluyendo a Jonathan que se encontraba confundido, pero no necesitaba dar explicaciones, simplemente salió sin decir ni una palabra, sin siquiera mirar alrededor. Seguramente si lo hubiera hecho se estuviera arrepintiendo en ese instante. Solo camino un poco por el pasillo antes de pegarse a una pared y deslizarse por esta hasta terminar sentado en el suelo, teniendo que estirar su rostro hacia abajo ante tal desesperación que tenia por aquella escena, que en su opinión, era repugnante, molesta e irritante. -¿Por qué debo sentir todo esto?- se pregunto, más que nada desesperado por eso –Ni siquiera sé que decir al respecto ¿Qué se supone que es? ¿Por qué me molesto tanto? No es como si Jonathan en realidad le gustara ¿O sí? ¿Y que tiene si le gusta? Solo finjo ser su amigo para que pueda cumplir mi objetivo ¿Verdad? No es como si en realidad debiera interesarme, entonces ¿Por qué me interesa?- hizo leves quejidos, teniendo que gruñir un poco, no le gustaba para nada esas sensaciones –No es como si quisiera ser esa persona en ese instante…- miro al suelo unos instante ¿Qué tal y si? - ¿Zack? ¿Paso algo? Te has ido como si nada, y estabas actuando un poco extraño- - ¿Yo? ¿Y a ti que te importa como actué?- el llegaba a ser tan expresivo, tanto con gestos como con sus palabras así que le era imposible ocultar su malestar –Deberías regresar, no quiero incumplir con la regla número 2, no ocasionare que te saltes el resto de la clase- - Técnicamente lo hago por mi voluntad así que no la quebrantas, y al parecer algo por eso estoy aquí ¿No piensas decirme que pasa?- tuvo que mirarlo unos segundos antes de rodar los ojos –Supongo que no- tomo lugar a su lado teniendo que mirarlo, por algún motivo siempre que este parecía molesto o inconforme inevitablemente pensaba que era parecido a un niño pequeño al cual no se le compraba lo que quería –Entonces…- - Vete- - ¿Me estas corriendo? ¿Y por que debería estar haciéndote caso?- - Entonces solo ignórame como siempre ¿Qué tan difícil es volver a hacerlo para ti?- - Pero qué demonios, ¿Ahora de que estás hablando?- -Tú sabes de lo que hablo, deja de hacerte el inocente conmigo que no te va a funcionar- Definitivamente Jonathan no tenía ni idea de lo que ahora tenía el otro pero eso no significaba que lo dejaría, era molesto de vez en cuando darse cuenta lo mucho que se podía preocupar por este hasta el punto de no sentirse tranquilo si no lo sabía, pero lo sabría enfrentar o eso esperaba, porque de verdad si no lo descubría tendría una sensación incomoda hasta descubrirlo; era mejor hacerlo ahora que nunca. Tomo el aire suficiente antes de tener que acercarse un poco mas y obligarlo a recostarse sobre el aunque sea un poco, teniendo que abrazarlo de lado cuando cumplió aquel objetivo -¿Podrías recordarme el pecado que he hecho y la evidencia que me hacen culpable?- Intentaba concentrarse, aquella cercanía lo empezaba a distraer a la primera, sin necesidad de tener que pasar el tiempo -¿Por qué debería hacer eso?- -Porque me preocupas- Nuevamente hubo un nudo en su estómago pero esta vez se sentía genial -Mejor preocúpala a ella- -¿A ella? ¿Pero a que…espera un momento- se mantuvo en silencio unos segundos intentando asociar aquellas palabras a una situación hasta dar en blanco -¿Estas celoso?- -¡Por supuesto que no estoy celoso!- grito indignado para después tener una cara de confusión absoluta -¿Qué son celos?- Ya no era de sorprender para ambos que este no entendiera alguna palabra o emoción o todo lo confundiera con otras cosas que ni al caso. -Veras, los celos son el temor de perder a una persona a la que quieres mucho o que al menos le tienes un aprecio, a veces con tan solo que una persona se le acerque a otra es suficiente para sentirte molesto y otras cosas de las cuales no tengo idea- como el mismo aseguraba que el otro lo iba a terminar olvidando busco la forma de resumirlo –Es enojarse con una persona ajena que se acerca a quien quieres porque que no entiende que es tuyo- comento con mas simpleza Asintió ante eso, entonces ¿El estaba celoso? ¿No le gustaba que las personas se acercaran a él? -¿Eso es bueno?- -Depende de cómo se demuestre, hay veces que hablándolo se soluciona o teniendo la confianza en el otro, hay otras personas que toman acciones precipitadas y condenan la relación que se lleva- -Entiendo- -Ahora que tu duda está resuelta ¿De verdad estabas celoso?- -Uh…- intentaba buscar la forma de decir aquello, aunque en realidad no comprendía por qué debería estarlo -Supongo, no me gusta que me ignores o que otras personas estén cerca de ti, recuerda que eres el primero en hablarme y pasar tiempo contigo, solo no me gusta pensar que me dejaras solo- aparte de que era la primera persona que lo hacía soñar tanto algo tan simple como un beso -Eso ha sido realmente cursi- burló -Cállate, es solo que, aun si tuviera mil personas a mi lado, a muchos siendo mis amigos o algo así seguiría prefiriéndote a ti, no lo sé, ni yo entiendo eso pero quiero que estés conmigo, siento que eres especial- Era tan inevitable no sonreír ante eso, sentir como levemente su rostro se enrojecía ante tales palabras tan dulces y empalagosas. -¿Vamos a casa?- -¿Qué pasara con el resto de las clases?- -Puedo tener mil razones para quedarme pero por ti buscaría tan solo una para convencerme que es la mejor opción- -Eso ha sido aun más cursi- -Probablemente si- Solo pudo reír, se sentía tan atontado en ese punto que ahora no negaba la propuesta del otro mucho menos su ayuda para marcharse. Aunque… Sowachowski tenía un plan un poco malvado pero ¿Qué más daba? Podría considerarlo como un plan, no significaba que todo estuviera perdido. Al menos para el no. Muchas cosas podrían hacer molestar a Jonathan o sentir que son desagradables pero en esos momentos, en esas semanas que transcurrían solo se concentraba en una cosa: mirar como el castaño reía, sonreía, se avergonzaba o convivía tanto con otros. Cualquier cosa que mostrara su espontaneidad, su forma tan infantil, inocente y pura de ser. Le desagradaba tanto ver cómo era tan cautivador con otros. Definitivamente, no le gustaba mucho aquellas situaciones en las que el quedaba de lado, cuando el otro se encontraba de vez en cuando en brazos de otras personas encontrándose avergonzado, o con el rostro tan rojo o en silencio mostrando aquella mirada tan hipnótica y brillosa que haría a cualquiera perderse en ellos, en encontrar tantos significados maravillosos de nada solo porque él podía hacer que la nada fuera algo que tenía todo; si él fue capaz de buscarlo otros serian capaz de querer tenerlos solo para ellos y eso no era para nada agradable, ni siquiera una posibilidad en realidad. Negaba rotundamente a que otras personas creyeran lo que el aseguraba, Zack en su opinión era un ser lleno de maldad al igual que bondad, era el punto exacto donde el bien y el mal creaban algo tan maravillosamente desastroso. Era como ver el producto de la travesura junto con el deseo de ayudar, el arrepentimiento con la burla hacia lo demás. Una combinación bizarra pero sin duda bastante cautivadora, atractiva. Aun si le costara admitirlo estaba consciente de que estaba celoso, que envidiaba a cualquier persona que estuviera cerca suyo al punto de querer verlos dañados por sentir que probablemente, que tal vez podían ser mejores que él, que tal vez, solo tal vez, cualquiera de ellos le diera mas felicidad al moreno de lo que él con todo su esfuerzo podría hacer. No era tan romántico, podía desesperarse con facilidad, podría ser tan seco a veces y a la vez tan desinteresado, nunca diría un \"Te quiero como nadie más lo hará\" por verlo tan exagerado y sin sentido, no haría detalles que al final de todo se quedarían apartados en un rincón, tampoco daría flores o chocolates, o cada cierto día del mes se matara por dar un regalo que fuera original y no repetitivo. En realidad, no era de su gusto hacer la mayoría de las cosas que hacían las parejas, no le gustaba ser extrovertido o exagerado, no le agradaba hacer detalles lujosos o llevar a alguien a algún lugar extrovertido solo por complacer un capricho de la relación. Claro, aceptaba que se podían dar sorpresas que costaran algo pero no todo el tiempo, no todas las veces. Las cosas simples eran lo suyo, nada de complicaciones ni tantas confusiones. Pero ¿Y si a Zack le gustaban esas cosas? ¿Y si al otro realmente le iba aquello? ¿Cómo se suponía que se levarían? En cualquier caso ¿Por qué debería cuestionárselo? El otro podría hacer lo que quisiera, no era nadie que pudiera decidir con quién debía estar el otro o no, no era su dueño, el otro no era un objeto, nada eran, solo amigos, muy amigos. ¿Por qué la necesidad de darle tantas vueltas al estúpido asunto? -Me alegro que ahora hables con mas personas, les caes bien aunque no es de sorprender tu eres capaz de lo que sea para que las personas quieran estar cerca de ti, es molesto al inicio pero después es algo que se vuelve divertido, tienes talento para volver algo fastidioso a algo reconfortante- dijo a su reflejo en aquel charco, pero al ver su expresión supo que aquello era patético y por lo que se cuestionaba, mucho Pero cuando uno está molesto es muy difícil decir algo lindo sin sentirse un idiota o mostrar que estaba casi a punto de tener rabia y soltar toda su agresión al primero que viera. -No puedo creer que de esta forma me dé cuenta que tal vez me molesta eso por la posibilidad de que me guste un poco ¿Pero de verdad me gusta? Es decir, solamente podría irritarme lo que dijo y ahora no hace, no es como si de verdad deba gustarme para sentirme celoso- unos momentos en silencio tratando de convencerse de que era eso, no sirvió de nada, era lo suficientemente listo para darse cuenta que era un tonto, vaya ironía –No sé si negarlo ayuda de algo, es la misma estupidez, caí bajo sus encantos, no puede estar pasando esto- -¿Qué no puede estar pasando?- -Algo, ¿Qué tal te fue con ellos? Parecían llevarse de maravilla como para tenerme 30 minutos aquí sentando esperándote solo porque me hiciste prometer que me quedaría a pesar de lo mucho que tardaras- -¡Bien!, supongo, en realidad han organizado una cita doble donde me involucran aunque no tengo idea de que es eso- ni siquiera se le paso por la mente agradecer por du espera Su cara en ese instante seguramente debería estar plasmada en algo, era una obra de arte que reflejaba el intento de mostrar que aquello no era una molestia, ni mucho menos algo que le estaba haciendo hervir la sangre. -¿Con quién?- -Oh, con aquel pelirrojo de ojos verdes- No fue muy difícil ubicarlo, por supuesto a que se debía que el tipo era mal alto que ambos hasta el punto en que había necesidad de elevar la vista para verlo a la cara. -¿Y es acaso que vas a utilizar una escalera o algo para alcanzarlo? Solo tienes que ponerle un foco en la mano y seria una lámpara pública, es mas, debería estar con los bomberos asi alcanzara a los gatos que se quedan atrapados en los arboles- -Eso ha sido un chiste negro- -Mucho mejor en ese caso ¿No te parece? - Lo miro por unos segundos viendo como el otro parecía estar descontento con su actitud pero no pensaba disculparse para nada. -¿Qué es lo que te pasa?- -Solo una cosa en realidad- -¿Podría saberlo?- -Claro, me molesta que seas tan inocente y moldeable y aun así dejes que otros hagan lo que quieran contigo- -¿A qué te refieres exactamente?- Se levanto sin decir ni una palabra más, teniendo que acercarse a este, tomarlo de la bufanda y decir con suavidad y en un tono tan bajo a lo que se refería. -Porque cualquiera podría hacer esto- Y solo pudo hacer lo primero que se le ocurrió: Robarle un beso. En ese momento cualquier cosa le importaría tan poco, si alguien los veía o si llegaba ser muy rudo en ello, solo quería dejarle en claro que solo él podría tener esa ventaja, que solamente él podría aprovecharse de esa ingenuidad que a veces era desesperante. Solo el podría buscar cualquier excusa para hacer aquello. Y cuando se separo, cuando vio al otro estar ahogándose en un escarlata que llegaba hasta sus orejas solo pudo sonreír con cierto cinismo. -Que me niego a que otras personas hagan esto-[Chapter 14] Este capítulo como toda la historia se encuentra dedicada a mi querida hermana quien aparte de estar conmigo en todo momento siempre me apoya y me concede ideas para traerles cosas bellas. Sin ella seguramente no tendría nada sobre este escrito, ni mucho menos me esforzaría tanto por hacerlo perfecto de alguna manera. Espero que lo disfruten y perdonar por la tardanza, he tenidos momentos algo conflictivos que he preferido atender, siempre hay cosas primordiales. Y lo único que me queda decir es que estamos finalmente en los últimos capítulos, calculo unos cinco o seis para que concluya finalmente \"Sombras Encantadoras\". Atentamente: Autor Desconocido DOMINACIÓN TOTAL Capítulo 12: ¿Desea reiniciar? ¿En qué momento perdí el control del juego? ¿En qué momento mi victoria se convirtió en mi derrota? No puedo permitirlo ¿O sí? Estoy consciente de que estos fracasando, de que en estos instantes he fallado De que probablemente debería reiniciar todo esto antes de empeorarlo Pero haces que con tan solo verte a los ojos, sienta que no todo está perdido Que tal vez el último plan no estaba hecho para triunfar Pero si aquel que se encuentra en tu mano Tengo a mi alcance aquel botón que acabara con todo esto Pero… ¿Y si de verdad no quiero borrar nada de esto? Solo era necesario verlos por unos segundos para darse cuenta que entre ellos sucedían demasiadas cosas que tal vez otros no entenderían y que seguramente ellos tampoco pero no importaba demasiado, cada quien en lo suyo pero ni ellos mismos podían concentrarse bastante en eso, es decir, no estaban consciente de lo que hacían, de lo que se provocaban, ni el deseo extraño y casi obsesivo por armar situaciones incomodas para ambos pero aun así las hacían, cometían aquellos actos aun conociendo que era raro, anormal. Pero a Jonathan y a Sowachowski les importaba un bledo aquello y cualquiera podía notarlo; pero bien, no eran nada, raramente podían convivir y comportarse como amigos pero ninguno de ellos llegaba a tratarse realmente como si fueran algo más profundo, más serio. Cada quien por su lado, haciendo lo suyo, sin preocuparse que hiciera el otro a no ser que de verdad resultara peligroso o irritante para el otro. No estaban atados pero tampoco se sentían totalmente libres, solo era una convivencia que de vez en cuando compartían de una manera bastante peculiar, de esas formas en las que ambos terminaban solos, sosteniéndose entre ellos, dejando de vez en cuando que sus bocas lucharan hasta que no se pudiera continuar, sus manos encajando perfectamente en el cuerpo del otro, esas veces en que no necesitaban decir nada para saber que de alguna forma se extrañaban, las veces en que se miraban confesando secretos que solo el otro era capaz de entender, cuando entre los dos mostraban a veces la desesperación causada por el otro. Almas tan desesperadas que solo se apaciguaban cuando se encontraban juntos. Pero lo que probablemente complicaba aquella actitud de abnegación en todo eso era que exactamente no lo eran, claro, estaban en algo parecido a una relación que no se convertía en nada oficial, nada que pudieran reclamar o decir pero en esas ocasiones, en esos insignificantes momentos en que sentían que eran capaz de perderlo todo se negaban a dejarlo ir, se negaban a separarse, como si de verdad resultaran ser fieles hasta morir, o en caso de nuestro demonio, hasta que pudiera respirar como cualquier otro. Podían negarse por todo lo que quedaba de esa eternidad a dejar que el otro tomara la decisión de alejarse… Y probablemente aquello solo dificultaba las cosas, especialmente para Sock, ¿En qué demonios estaba pensando en esos momentos? O más bien ¿Realmente estaba razonando su situación? Todo, absolutamente todo había fracasado, perdió, termino siendo derrotado por alguien quien ni siquiera hizo el intento de luchar ¿Qué tan patético podía ser eso? Es como si todo el tiempo hubiera jugado solo, como si fuera el único que estuviera participando en ese juego; podía exagerar, claro, pero eso no significaba que se equivocara ante ello, dejo de un lado lo principal, dejo que el otro lo distrajera y si continuaba, bueno, tal vez no saldría de ahí para contarla. Si, debería acabar con todo eso, reiniciarlo todo y volver desde un inicio y concentrarse finalmente en lo que de verdad debía hacer, necesitaba acabar con todo eso pero cada vez que se encontraba entre esos brazos atrapado, siendo callado por esos labios que a pesar de ser rasposos, un poco secos llegaban a darle algo tan maravilloso, el cómo solo lo hacía suspirar en contra suya, como ese cielo nocturno solo se concentraba en mirarlo, esa sonrisa que llegaba a derretirlo, lo detenía, lo obligaba a darse por vencido, no deseaba jugar, no deseaba perder, necesitaba terminar aquello, necesitaba dejar que eso siguiera. Si continuaba ¿Quién le aseguraba que acabaría? -No llegaremos a nada con esto ¿Lo sabes?- pregunto, intentando evitar que sus ojos hicieran contacto, que evitaran nuevamente cautivarse –Aparte llegaremos tarde, no quiero ser una distracción para ti- -¿Ahora no quieres ser una distracción para mí? ¿Estoy hablando con la misma persona que me hace perder la cabeza?- -Pues realmente no sé cómo siendo que yo la veo en el mismo lugar de siempre- Era inevitable sentir su respiración tan cerca suyo, la forma en la que lentamente lo dejaba caer en esa dulce tentación que el otro portaba, era tan dulce, tan agrio, le fascinaba ese maldito pálido que en esos instantes lo tenía acorralado. -Deja de hacerte el inocente, sé que fuiste tú- Intento no sonreír –No sé a lo que te refieres- Hizo un bufido entretenido, como si de verdad esperara aquella respuesta –Por supuesto que lo sabes, te delatas a ti mismo- le susurró, buscando la manera en que esta lo viera finalmente a la cara –Zack…- -No sé de lo que me hablas- Pudo sentir aquellos dedos posarse delicadamente en su mentón para que pudiera alzar su rostro, para que, de nuevo, viera aquel dulce espacio que el otro poseía en su mirar, era tan encantadores como a la vez abrumadores, tan profundos y confusos que lo adoraba. Adoraba demasiado a Jonathan pero nunca se lo diría, no permitiría que el otro escuchara de sus labios lo tanto en qué verdad llegaba a desearlo. Era egoísta, le gustaba tener siempre lo que quería, siempre le daban lo que deseaba y definitivamente él lo necesitaba, era su mayor capricho. -No me mientas- -No lo hago- Sintió al otro brindarle un beso con suavidad, volviendo a dejar claro aquella sensación extraordinaria que depositaba que tanto deseaba negar e ignorar para solo evitar que el mismo tuviera que apretar las manos para batallar con el instinto de besarlo, de corresponder. El instinto era fuerte, quería derretirse en ese vaivén que solo a él le podía pertenecer. -Si crees que vas a lograr algo con eso quiero informarte que te equivocas…- dijo, apenas logrando pronunciar aquellas palabras con algún sonido que por lo menos fuera audible para el otro, cuando, finalmente, era libre de sentir aquellos labios que lo querían hacer perecer de su \"verdad\" Volvió a sentir como este lo atacaba, como sus manos empezaban a ceder y terminaban deslizándose tan cerca de su cuerpo, apenas logrando sostenerse en aquellos hombros, la forma en la que su rostro tomaba color y apenas lograba suspirar cuando no colisionaban ambas bocas. Nuevamente, sucedía un masivo desastre. Comenzaba a derretirse, juraba, incluso aseguraba con todo su ser que aquello sucedía, que era tan inevitable. -Solo dilo- pidió, con aquel tono que rozaba a ser sutil, un suave ronroneo cerca de su oreja tan intencional como para hacerle perder el aliento en alto Lo maldecía tanto, no podía creer que con trucos tan baratos lograra hacerlo sentir tan tonto, tan inútil, utilizado pero de alguna forma que terminaba con algún significado bueno, positivo, aun si el otro lograba su cometido; era estresante, aunque no podía negar que en el fondo esas acciones solo lo llevaban a querer perder el control otra vez, cada vez más, sin pausas, ni detenimientos. Costaba tanto abrir la boca a la vez que intentaba formular una sola palabra, pero no carburaba su cerebro cuando lo deseaba –Ah…- lo único que podía reproducirse eran leves sonidos que mostraban su incapacidad de formular algo cuerdo en esos segundos Rió, mostrando la superioridad que tenía en ese instante –Puedes asentir si quieres, ¿Me dirás la verdad?- Asintió al sentir como sus mejillas eran acariciadas. -¿Lo hiciste tú?- pregunto cuándo acaricio sus labios, momentáneamente perdiéndose en estos, en el rostro que el otro ponía…Era ilegal que alguien le resultara tan cautivador Tuvo que detenerse un segundo para tener que estar aún consciente, para darse cuenta que estaba al límite de no tener idea de donde siquiera estaba. Logro afirmar con lentitud, volvió a perderse entre ese maravilloso pecado que tenían cada vez que sus bocas se encontraban, la necesidad de aferrarse a su cuerpo para no dejarse caer ante tanta carga emocional, no lo soportaba, era como si fuera a explotar; necesitaba hacerlo, necesitaba que de esa forma se olvidaran de todo: de su trabajo, de lo culpable que era por las emociones nuevas que por algún motivo lograba sentir, la conciencia que tenía sobre que aquello resultaría en el peor caso de todos, es como literalmente podría quedarse ardiendo en el infierno. Aun así tendría el mismo resultado, no podían controlarse. Eran adolescentes, no importaba como o si uno era más infantil o maduro, seguían siendo un par de jóvenes que se enamoraban y trataban de evitarlo, que trataban de negarlo pero no deseaban, no podían ni querían acabarlo de forma fácil, necesitaban cada vez más, si se podía siempre que lo quisieran. -Creo que necesitamos volver, prometí que te disculparías por esa broma pesada- Frunció el ceño, teniendo que inflar las mejillas y cruzarse de brazos para mirar a otro lado –No pienso disculparme, ya es malo que tú me estés humillando de esta manera- lo miro de reojo solo por unos segundos –Aunque puede haber una manera para que de verdad vaya para hacer eso- Alzo una ceja, curioso -¿Qué cosa?- Elevo sus brazos indicando que lo cargara y por obvias razones ser cargado hasta el salón siendo que al otro se le ocurrió estar avergonzándolo en medio de un pasillo, si alguien los hubiera visto seguramente él en ese punto estaría casi ahorcando al otro por la pena que hubiera tenido y con eso de que era compulsivo sonaba a una buena idea. -¿No crees que estas algo grande para que te lleve cargando a donde quieras?- -La verdad no, y es mi única condición que pongo- -Me tientas a dejarte aquí aun si es abandono en tu opinión- solo tuvo que mirar aquel par de puntos llenos de vida, tan grandes y bellos, con un atractivo oculto que podría hacer a uno dudar sobre su decisión y en su caso lograba hacer que hiciera las cosas que probablemente odiaría hacer con otros –Pero eso no significa que de verdad lo haga- Nuevamente cayo, no pudo negarle el capricho, no pudo callar la naturaleza con las que este llegaba a perder a uno para que, como quedaba siempre claro, le dieran lo que deseaba aun si eso era tan innecesario e inútil. Tuvo que tomarlo con cuidado, terminando en algo parecido a un cuento de hadas justo cuando el príncipe salvaba a la doncella del desastre en la que por algún motivo se veía involucrado y, siendo sinceros, con esa falda y en ocasiones su forma de actuar llegaban a ser parecidos a las de una chica, tal vez en sí, era una princesa a su extraña manera. -¿Algo más que desee su realeza?- Hizo una risa sarcástica, casi similar a la de este –Si estamos en ese plan puedes llevarme todo el día así e invitarme a tu casa a comer, me agrada mucho hablar con tus padres y la forma en la que te apenan- pico su mejilla, en signo de que eso ya estaba decreto por el poder que no tenía –Y, si no es molestia, podrías invitarme a tu casa a dormir mientras vemos todo lo que queramos o, y también podrías comprarme un helado- Eso se ganaba por estar molestándolo, aunque debía ser honesto, aquello había sido leve, el otro debería estar consciente de eso. -¿No deseas otra cosa?- -¿Tengo límite de tiempo para decir otra cosa?- -Estoy bien con eso- Solo le pudo sonreír antes de estirarse un poco para besar su mejilla –Eres el mejor, confórmate mejor con esa opinión- Tuvo que asentir ante eso mostrando que estaba satisfecho –Tus palabras son bien recibidas, princesa- burlo, ya resignándose a complacerlo -Me alegra que te gusten, lacayo- y fue su turno para rematar aquello Eran tal para cual y eso, de alguna forma, era malo. Tal vez aquello había llegado al borde de la locura, de la estupidez humana junto a los que técnicamente no lo eran, probablemente en estos momentos estuviera sellando su boleto a la perdición pero si lo acababa todo, si se obligaba a repetir todo eso para hacerlo diferente seguramente se estaría arrepintiendo hasta que no hubiera un mañana, porque aun cuando lo quisiera negar se encontraba feliz, tan querido. Era algo que siempre pensó que era imposible, Jonathan había hecho lo que nunca creyeron y lo que ni siquiera él pensaba que fuera real; lo hacía pensar demasiado sobre cosas que dejo de darle importancia al momento de morir, lo hizo reflexionar en silencio en esos instantes, toda culpabilidad, toda puñeta mental que tuvo se desvanecía… Como si cuando juntaban ambos desastres, cuando ambas catástrofes se volvían a ver era cuando, milagrosamente, todo resultaba bien, una falsa alarma, algo que a nadie ni a nada lastimaría, era su seguridad, la inocencia al mundo que probablemente perdieron. Pero cuando solo estaban ellos, lo eran a su forma, eran seres tan libres de cualquier injusticia o crueldad cometida, como si con tan solo estar unidos todo fuera más clemente. Pero se debía estar consciente de que la misericordia no era algo que estaba permitido en aquel \"sótano\" donde se almacenaban todas aquellas almas que atentaron contra el paraíso que solo era para aquellos seres que merecían una oportunidad de vivir como debieron hacerlo, no, ellos no creían en las segundas oportunidades, ese lugar tan agonizante no perdonaba los errores ni mucho menos la negligencia de desobedecer órdenes tan claras que cualquiera podía llegar acatar sin ningún esfuerzo que no pudieran hacer. Mucho menos esos demonios encargado de todos, que no soportaban la subordinación de cualquiera que pensara que podría librarse de un castigo; eran seres que no soportarían ser humillados ni degradados por otros que quisieran batallar con ellos. No lo hacían. Y tal vez Sock no debería hacerlo, no debería estar desobedeciendo, debería estar concentrado en encontrar la manera de parar todo eso, de provocar que el otro finalmente extinguiera todo deseo de seguir adelante aun si le parecía algo absurdo, necesitaba hacerlo… No podía, no quería, no soportaba la idea de quedarse sin este. -¿Qué pasaría si te dijera que realmente esto es malo?- -¿A qué te refieres con esto?- Ninguna persona los podía interrumpir, nuevamente, de alguna manera, aun estando en el salón de clases estaban solo ellos. -A lo que hacemos, ya sabes, ¿Está bien? ¿Deberíamos hacerlo?- pregunto, ni siquiera dándole importancia si sonaba raro o muy fuera de lugar -¿En serio apenas se te ocurre preguntar? Todo lo que hacemos es malo, técnicamente para muchos esto ya es considerado un pecado pero pensé que a ti eso era lo que menos te importaba- -No me importa- -¿Entonces a que viene esa pregunta?- -Es solo que, si esta tan mal ¿Por qué seguimos cometiéndolo? ¿Por qué no buscas con alguien con quien esto no se sienta algo malo? Soy una persona mala, no creo que debería seguir esto, no creo que me necesites a mí para cometer eso- comento, tan bajo, sin seguridad, como si realmente esas palabras estuvieran siendo forzadas a ser pronunciadas al ser tan poco pensadas Lo miro extrañado al momento en que colocaba su mano sobre su frente -¿Te encuentras enfermo? ¿Has consumido algo que te ha hecho daño?- -No me trates como si este tema fuera para nada importante- -¿En qué le ves importante acabar con algo que iniciamos?- -En que tal vez sería mejor olvidarnos de esto, empezar de nuevo…no sé si de verdad estamos haciendo lo correcto ni siquiera si esto debe molestarme ¿Qué hago cuando se supone que debo ser malo pero por algún motivo soy bueno contigo? No quiero serlo, no quiero cambiar- Hubo un silencio prolongado, muerto, como si aquellas palabras fueran las exactas para matar el ambiente y dejarlo sepultado en lo más profundo del perdón y el arrepentimiento. -¿Podrías dejar de pensar en ti por un momento?- le pregunto con cierto enfado, sintiéndose excluido del tema -¡Tú no eres el único que está siendo diferente por el otro! ¿En serio crees que a mi también me alegra sentirme utilizado por una persona? ¿Piensas que yo estoy contento con sentirme débil con alguien a quien se supone debía ignorar y callar mis impulsos? ¿¡Crees que yo lo hubiera deseado!?- Ambos se encontraban en una pelea de miradas donde cada uno luchaba por mostrar quien tenía razón, ya era común entre ellos, llegaba a ser extraño cuando no lo hacían y estaban de acuerdo en todo o al menos en una gran parte. -¿De nuevo se encuentran peleando?- -Ya no es raro, en realidad, creo que todos nos hemos acostumbrado a su relación- -¿Están en una relación?- -No encuentro otra cosa más lógica que eso, son demasiado diferentes como para estar juntos por solo querer estar jugando con fuego- -Pensé que ambos habían dejado claro que no son novios- -¿Nos los has visto? ¡Te has perdido de un buen espectáculo! Esos dos parecen estar casados, aparte ¿Nunca has visto como se encelan? ¿O la forma en la que sus rostros expresan lo que no dicen?- -No, ¿Lo has hecho?- -Sí, y Jonathan termino dejándome plantada por ir con el- Ambas amigas los miraron, casi teniendo que tomarse la punta de la nariz y negar con la cabeza, eran un asco. -¿Cuánto tiempo va a durar la escena?- -A veces dura hasta terminar las clases, otras es cuando uno de los dos se retira y el otro se tarda un par de minutos para asegurarse que está bien- -Eso es demasiado cursi- -Lo sé- -Me gusta- Siguieron observando, casi con ciertas risas al ver que ambos lentamente cedían, llegaba a ser desesperante pero a la vez lindos, eran como ver a unos cachorros peleándose, era imposible no sentir tan ahogadas en dulzura. -¡Jonathan, Zack!- -¿Podrían dejar el conflicto matrimonial y finalmente besarse?- Solo vieron el rostro de ambos colorarse y maldecirlas con todas las palabras que pudieran conocer, teniendo que chocar sus manos ante el logro que habían conseguido después de una plática y algo que no hubieran esperado que funcionase. -Bien, es hora de volver a la normalidad- -Al menos hemos hecho algo en esta ocasión- Ambas se sonrieron para volver a lo suyo y dejar que todo eso continuara como sea que estos quisieran llevar aquello.[Chapter 15] Que no recuerdo cuando fue la ultima vez que actualice, pero en fin, oficialmente, este es el capitulo mas largo de todos que cuenta con 4,385 palabras, vale, que estaba muy inspirada para esto, seguramente les va a encantar pero por si acaso os recomiendo agarrar pañuelos y helado que la palabra \"lo voy hacer lindo\" significa que romperé corazones al final (?) Quien sabe, depende que tan machos/as sean. Igual, que no ha de sorprender que yo quiera ver arder al mundo. Atentamente: Autor Desconocido Capítulo 13: Una vez más Tu pides cosas tan imposibles que soy incapaz de cumplir A veces no comprendo lo que me tratas de decir Quieres espacio a la vez que exiges atención No te gusta que este cerca, no te gusta que este lejos Es como si no supieras como aceptar la realidad en la que estamos Pero está bien, puedo entenderlo Haré el intento de comprenderlo Pero no me pidas que olvide todo lo que hemos hecho por la razón de tener miedo No te preocupes, nada malo pasara siempre y cuando estemos juntos Siempre y cuando lo intentemos -Por el amor a todo, deja de comportarte extraño y solo dime lo que está sucediendo- -¿Y eso a ti que te importa? ¡Estoy bien! ¡Todo es perfectamente tal y como esta!- -¡No me mientas! Por favor, dime que es lo que sucede- -Solo…solo quiero detener todo esto ¿De acuerdo? No podemos continuar- -¿Pero por qué demonios dices eso?- -Lo siento Jonathan, pero esto ya no es lo mismo yo, yo ya no puedo soportarlo- -¿Por qué te cuesta tanto enfrentar la realidad que ambos estamos viviendo? ¿Qué tan egoísta puedes ser para considerar que solo a ti te afecta? Ya lo hemos discutido, ambos estamos en esto, ambos somos afectados, por favor ¡Deja de estar exagerando! No eres el único que no entiendo esto- -Yo…perdóname, no puedo- le comento antes de tomar sus cosas y salir de ahí, huyendo de lo que era probablemente lo peor que estuviera haciendo Pero esta vez Jonathan no lo siguió. Los días seguían siendo como siempre, como siempre debieron estar: oscuros, sin chiste ni gracia, sin alivio ni salvación alguna. Tal y como siempre se mantenían en su vida, finalmente, esas tonalidades sombrías volvían y lo hacían sentir en la normalidad total pero cuando uno probaba los colores, cuando uno finalmente recordaba lo que era la espontaneidad de esta no se podía olvidar, se aferraba a tu espalda, tal y como los problemas pero esta vez era imposible negarlo, esta vez costaba incluso intentarlo; era tan extraño, tan raro y profundo, con tanta carga emocional que no lograba soportar nada de lo que sucedía ni mucho menos querer hacerle frente a la nada. Hablar con este era literalmente discutir con una pared aunque si lo pensaba un poco la pared resultaba ser más comprensible y mucho menos problemática para su cerebro. \"Nunca había visto el día tan azul y despejado\" Pensó al momento en que se detuvo a admirar el cielo, que por momentos, aunque sea por leves segundos, lo hiciera sentir mejor, lo hiciera olvidar aquella estúpida conversación pasada, esa discusión que tan solo empezaba a jugar con lo que era. Estaba molesto, lo detestaba demasiado. Odiaba a Zack, lo odiaba como nunca. \"Deja de pensar en el por una maldita vez\" Suspiro, hundiéndose en hombros antes de tener que hundirse aun mas en la locura sin sentido y mover la nariz con disgusto, no podía sacarlo, a quien engañaba, cada día, cada miserable minuto u hora lo mencionaba, lo recordaba, estaba perdido y obsesionado y no podía pararlo, algo dentro de suyo literalmente le gritaba que estaba batallando por mantenerlo en su cabeza, por no dejarlo ir nunca en su vida al desearlo tanto y era lo que quiso evitar. Pero era débil, era un tonto e idiota, se enamoró de lo peor, de verdad, se cautivó por aquello que era el peor error. Termino por entregarse a alguien quien le dio colores al mundo que nunca antes conoció, se enamoró de todo aquello que desprendía, como su alegría, esa forma curiosa y estresante de ser, sus ojos, la sonrisa que siempre le dedicaba, sus labios tan suaves y delicados que uno no se cansaría de seguir besándolos, la forma en que lo hacía sentir bien, tan molesto y vivo, un humano cualquiera. \"¡Basta!\" Apretó sus manos con fuerza, totalmente irritado y deseoso de poder ser como antes, el mismo pesimista de siempre. Deseaba tanto deshacerse de ese sentimiento de ser utilizado y dañado a voluntad del otro solo por el hecho de que de verdad confió, porque de verdad creía en sus palabras, en sus promesas incluso de que sin dudas ni peros decidió darle la oportunidad que tanto creyó que merecía pero se equivocó, se equivocó con él, le dio la oportunidad que nunca le dio a otros y ahora mírenlo, tan destrozado y vacío, aún más de lo que hubiese esperado. Confió tanto, por primera vez tuvo fe en su totalidad y ahora caía, se empezaba a romper… -Oh muchacho, eres un imbécil ¿Qué esperabas? No soportaría tu forma de ser, lo ibas a alejar tarde o temprano pero ahora estas solo nuevamente, ya nada ni nadie podrá detenerte, podrás hacer lo que quieras, no existirá más dolor si te apagas, deja de ver esperanzas- Hace mucho que había dejado de escuchar sus voces, desde que el otro llego estaba demasiado ocupado lidiando con este como para prestarle atención y finalmente, cuando todo se encontraba en calma pudo tenerlo más claro, pudo notar que este era tan maduro y parecida a la de su padre pero era más sombría, más pesada, arrastrándose con dificultad y esfuerzo, sonando casi como si estuviese amenazándolo. -Vuelve con nosotros, no tendrás que preocuparte por otr- -¿Jonathan?- Todo se detuvo antes de tener que mirarlo ahí, frente a él, congelándose, sintiendo todo y a la vez nada, quería huir y marcharse, mostrar el lado cobarde que todo humano tenía pero él no era de esa forma, el no mostraría nada, de nuevo, se encontraría cerrado y desinteresado, tan seco y sin alma después de todo ¿Cómo iba a tenerla si al otro le complacía jugar con todo lo que le llamaba su atención? Él no era un juguete ni mucho menos uno de exhibición que lentamente empezaba a ser ignorado hasta terminar siendo aquellos que se acumulaban en una esquina, abandonados, siendo olvidados por todos los que creyeron que eran mejores, por los que consideraron grandes personas y pusieron todo su esfuerzo por alegrarlos. Él no iba a permitir eso. -Ah, tu, disculpa ¿Quién eres?- pregunto desinteresado para cruzarse de brazos, mantenerse en aquella postura que era despreocupante ante su forma desalineada de estar parado dando a entender que de verdad no deseaba poner mucho tiempo a todo eso que lo terminara por involucrar Estuvo sorprendido por ello, solo teniendo que sonreír de forma leve –Soy Zack ¿Lo recuerdas?- Negó con la cabeza con tal seriedad que el aire se volvía denso hasta el punto en que podía cortarse con un cuchillo –Nunca en mi vida he conocido a alguien con ese nombre, disculpo tu confusión pero espero que encuentres a quien buscabas- -¿Pero de que estás hablando?- -Ten suerte en tu búsqueda, Zack- Lo miro caminar en dirección contraria, como elegantemente se había dado aquella media vuelta para dejar que todo se acabara y no evito ser ahora él quien corría para alcanzarlo, la forma en que se aferraba de su brazo para detenerlo, la forma en la que de alguna manera se sentía tan exhausto al no saber cómo iniciar, como explicar todo –Escúchame un minuto, te lo pido- Se zafo de aquel agarre para mirarlo momentáneamente de reojo y torcer la boca -¿Por qué le daría a alguien como tu un minuto de mi tiempo?- -Porque antes lo hubieras hecho- -Creo que te equivocaste de persona, yo no le daría un segundo más a una persona tan estúpida como tú, así que adiós, espero que encuentras a aquel ser que con tanta urgencia quieres volver a ver- le escupió las palabras, teniendo que marcharse a la vez que se sacudía su brazo como si con ello quitara cualquier residuo de su roce, como si pudiera deshacerse de aquella esperanza que no necesitaba -Por favor, quédate, necesito hablar contigo- pidió en alto, siendo ignorado, sintiéndose tan mal como el día en que decidió ponerle paro -¡Quédate un segundo más, te lo ruego!- grito esta vez, haciendo el inútil intento de no sentirse tan derrotado, tan inútil, tan lleno de maldad por provocarle aquel dolor que inicio en el momento en que decidió que seguir su palabra era mejor que dejarse llevar por sus instintos –Jonathan…- si pudiera llorar, si lograra hacer aquello seguramente en esos segundos estaría hecho un mar de lágrimas –No me dejes- volvió a intentar, esta vez mas quebrado y adolorido, casi sintiendo como terminaba de rodillas intentando sostenerse de algo El suelo se volvió el consuelo más cercano que pudo tener su cuerpo y su esperanza, el cómo ver que finalmente, de una forma lenta y tortuosa este empezaba a desaparecer de su vista, teniendo que tomar su pecho con fuerza a la vez que intentaba controlar su voz, todo lo que le sucedía, las ganas de querer regresar todo, de mirarse en esos momentos y exigirse jamás volverse a engañar por algo como el miedo, la inseguridad, el de pensar en sí mismo. -Te amo…- Y esa fue la única palabra que el aire pudo llevarse llena de dolor tan puro que cualquiera que sintiera eso inmediatamente se daría cuenta que ya no podía más con eso, que la mentira lo estaba consumiendo. Lo estaba volviendo loco. -De verdad, te amo, no quiero que me dejes, no quiero que de nuevo el miedo nos separe…quiero arriesgarme, pero no quiero que nos separen, quiero estar contigo- se debatía en silencio, intentando encontrar la solución a todo eso –Pero si nos descubren, si saben que estamos juntos tengo miedo de que no estés conmigo, no quiero estar solo, me niego a seguir si no es contigo- sus manos se aferraron al césped, apretando con fuerza los ojos y apretando los dientes Era tan real, no era un demonio, solo era un chico que por primera vez en toda su vida alguien le mostro que era la felicidad, la alegría que se le negó desde un inicio. Jonathan finalmente logro hacerlo sentir como cualquiera…como cualquiera que se encontraba con un corazón roto. Tan roto que por primera vez pudo sentir que tenía alguno de esa forma. Pero de nuevo, quedaba ser una sombra que tuviera que pasar todos los días mirándolo, con curiosidad, con ganas de ser parte de él. No lo iba a soportar por siempre. \"Aquí me tienes, con ambas alas heridas incapaces de volverme a elevar, aquí me tienes, con un corazón destrozado por la crueldad de los humanos ¿Es acaso que podrías aceptar de nuevo a un ángel que perdió el camino?\" Lo observaba cantar desde lejos como lo ha hecho últimamente en esos días en los que el otro no le permitía en ningún momento acercarse o dirigirle la palabra ya que si eso sucedía se desvanecía hasta el punto en que no sabía dónde estaba durante días y eso era bastante cruel ya que no lo soportaba por eso opto por mirarlo desde la lejanía asegurándose de que estuviera bien, de que no se encontrara dañándose o algo parecido pero resultaba parecer tan relajado, tan natural, feliz, nunca podría negar que esa sonrisa le alegraba pero no de esa forma…no le alegraba, le dolía verlo tan feliz con otros. \"Sé que no soy el mejor, sé que nunca en mi vida lograre ser quien haga todo lo que deseas pero mírame aquí, con algo de esperanza de que finalmente encuentre la felicidad, de que en tus ojos yo pueda encontrar de nuevo la puerta al paraíso ¿Aceptas? ¿Me aceptas?\" No pudo evitar sentir en parte que aquello era dirigido para él, solo para sus oídos, como si este supiera que exactamente se encontrara detrás de aquel árbol, de que un momento a otro lo llamara con suavidad diciéndole que todo eso era tonto e inmaduro, una total falta de cordura; cerro los ojos unos segundos, imaginándose esa leve escena que le resultaba encantadora. -Oh, Jonathan, eso ha sido hermoso- Abrió los ojos, escamado ante esas palabras teniendo que presenciar con todo la esperanza que tuviera algún problema para terminar soñando con esa voz que le resultara femenina, esa ilusión de que fuese una mentira, un engaño, una maldita ilusión. -Sí, supongo que aún necesita unos detalles pero me alegra que estés conmigo para apoyarme- Estaba atónito, no lo entendía, de verdad, de verdad era una chica tan animada a la vez que mostraba seriedad, tan linda, sin duda era atractiva, no lo podía negar. Sintió su estómago revolverse al momento en que nuevamente todo dolor empezaba a consumirlo y arrastrarlo abajo para que terminara suplicando por poder levantarse, por poder evitar sentirse tan mal. -A mí me parece perfecto- -Estamos saliendo, es común que lo digas si lo piensas un poco- Intento negárselo, intento con todas sus esperanzas creer que aquello no estaba sucediendo tal cual como lo observaba. -Déjame convencerte de eso- Termino por congelarse cuando miro como aquellos seres tan vivos acababan todo eso con un solo beso, un contacto tan simple y sencillo que llegaba a ser doloroso para su persona, lentamente, su cuerpo se encontraba desplomándose y con trabajo sosteniéndose en el suelo, respirando con dificultad, sintiendo que todo lo estaba golpeando con tanta fuerza que le robaba la energía de seguir adelante; sentía como si se ahogara, como si tan solo ver aquello de verdad lo estuviera matando. Debería retirarse si estaba consciente de eso, debería luchar para marcharse y no mirar atrás y fingir que todo estaba bien pero no, se negaba a no querer asegurarse de que el otro estuviera contento con su decisión, que de verdad se encontraba feliz aun si eso lo destrozaba. Porque de algún modo no lograba desearle todo el mal del mundo, ni siquiera era capaz de provocarle cierto daño que al final solo lo hiciera lamentarse, era malo para eso, un asco sin duda ¿Pero quién había dicho que de verdad este estaba hecho para ser un demonio? ¿Quién podría asegurarle eso? Si ahora no podía, si ahora se preocupaba por su bienestar, ¿Por qué demonios el resultaba ser malvado? ¿Por qué debería serlo cuando ni siquiera podía con alguien que en ese momento lo asfixiaba? Apenas y lograba saber algo, pero ahora sin él, sin su cercanía, no podía estar consciente de nada, ni siquiera de su propia naturaleza condenada a verlo irse como si nada. Luchar no era una opción, volver a intentarlo era algo procaz. Y tal vez debería dejarlo así por la paz, por dejar todo como debería estar: sin él. -Nunca debí mostrarme mucho menos involucrarme- se comento en bajo, teniendo que buscar la manera de estar nuevamente de pie, ahí, solo mirando adelante, a esas sonrisas que tanto le perforaban –Debo dejarle de una vez por todas, no puedo con esto, no puedo seguir estando de esta manera- se acomodo todo aquello que le parecía estar fuera de lugar para sentirse cómodo, un poco más tranquilo de lo que podía estar –Estará mucho mejor si dejo de hacer esto, estaré mejor si cumplo lo de parar todo lo que está sucediendo antes de que empeore mas- Y lo dejo de ese modo. -¿Eso ha servido?- le pregunto, con una risa traviesa, aquella que delataba a la mayoría cuando acababa de hacer una travesura Hubiera respondido aquello con una mentira, como la hecho las últimas veces que ha tenido que mostrar que estaba bien y que todo eso no le importaba en lo absoluto pero cada vez que la miraba, cada vez que veía el reflejo de aquellos ojos verdes solo podía ver al otro sonriéndole, riendo, con aquel rostro tan lleno de ilusión y maravillosas cosas que cuando lo soñaba era el único consuelo que tenia, eran las únicas cosas que deseaba que duraran a pesar de todo lo que estaba sucediendo. Se encontraba perdido, solo regresaba a la realidad cuando volvía a escucharla respirar o incluso hablar, era como si fuera una alarma que le recordaba que eso no estaba pasando, que solo estaba dentro de su cabeza, otra vez, no eran voces y aun así lo estaban enloqueciendo. \"Vaya forma de parecer normal\" -¿Disculpa?- -¿Me has escuchado al menos?- -Sí- Miro a otro lado, desinteresado en volverle a contestar hasta que su atención termino siendo capturada por una persona la cual parecía estar limpiándose aquellas lagrimas que se deslizaban por su cara, cosa que, si lo pensaban, era un raro y más cuando se trataba de que muy pocas personas lloraban en aquel parque siendo que la mayoría en ese sitio eran ingenuamente alegres, igual, no es como si al final le fuese a interesar totalmente pero hubo algo que lo dejo aferrado, y era ver lo que juraba ser una melena castaña cubierta por algo rojo, aquellos colores llamativos que atraían a la vista, antes, probablemente, lo hubiese ignorado y continuado con su día pero algo le dijo que si no descubría quien era seguramente se volvería a arrepentir como lo ha hecho todos esos días. Termino por levantarse, tomando todas sus cosas como pudo antes de empezar a correr para poder alcanzar a quien sea que estuviera ahí, ya que tenía un presentimiento, la necesidad de encarar aquella persona que sufría por lo que sea que estuviera pasando. -¡Jonathan! ¿Pero a dónde diablos vas?- Fue lo último que pudo escuchar de lo que se suponía ser una de sus \"citas\" aunque daba igual, nunca les prestaba la atención y terminaba por ignorarlas como a todo mundo porque sin importar que hubiera pasado solo tendría una persona en la cabeza fuese bueno o malo. Tenía un presentimiento aunque no podía definir si era algo que de verdad tuviera que ver con el tema, nunca había sentido tanta necesidad de perseguir a alguien sin razón alguna. -¡Espera!- pidió, teniendo que soportar el dolor que empezaba a sentir por las costillas ante el esfuerzo que daba por la gran diferencia Si, podía dejar todo eso de una buena vez, podía dejar de intentar esforzarse por alcanzarlo pero no era algo que quería, no era una opción el detenerse en esos momentos, no se rendía, siguió corriendo aun más de lo que probablemente debería pero cuando al fin el otro parecía detenerse, cuando al fin ambos mostraban que estaban cansados pudo respirar como se debía, controlándose. Cuando por al menos consideraba que podía hablar con total calma camino en silencio, sin necesidad de querer asustar al otro hasta tocar su hombro esperando que volteara pero al ver que este se rehusaba hizo que sus manos se aferraran a estos para voltearlo y ver lo que no esperaba. A esa persona que ahora lo hacía sentir terriblemente mal, como si fuera un monstruo que había provocado las peores atrocidades que el mundo pudo haber conocido. -¿Por qué estas llorando?- -Yo no estoy llorando- reclamo teniendo que removerse para no sentir sus manos encima, para no tener que verlo y poder sentirse seguro cuando ya no se encontraba dándole la cara –Me encuentro bien, no tienes porque quedarte y asegurar eso, tienes otras cosas más importantes, puedes irte si lo quieres- Le estaba dando la oportunidad de marcharse pero no quería eso, no lo deseaba. -Deja de llorar- -¿Qué pasa si no quiero hacerlo?- -Me haces sentir mal- -No entiendo porque, todo este tiempo la única cosa que he hecho es quererte verte feliz ¿Y que si estoy llorando? Si tu estas bien yo también lo estoy, siempre se trata de ti aun si lo hago para mi, siempre fue tu culpa…siempre fuiste tú ¿Qué importa si en estos instantes no puedo mostrar eso? Me alegra que puedas sonreír, me siento agradecido de aun poder ver esa felicidad que muchos no conocen, por el amor a todo, yo solo quiero que sonrías ¿Qué tan difícil es hacer eso? ¿Qué tan difícil es que me dejes para que eso se siga cumpliendo?- No creía nada de eso, estaba paralizado. Tuvo que tomarlo ahora del rostro para limpiar aquellas gotas saladas que se acumulaban en aquellos bordes esmeraldas, teniendo que suspirar a la vez en que mentalmente se maldecía a sí mismo. -Deja de hacer eso, es tonto, ¿Cómo voy a estar bien si tú te encuentras llorando?- -¿Y eso que tiene que importar ya? Te lastime, al final solo quise pensar en mi por el hecho de que por fin hiciste que me pudiera de preocupar de algo, de lo que soy y de lo que he hecho, deberías estar contento de que en estos momentos yo esté sufriendo todo, que yo no pueda avanzar como tú lo has hecho- no podía evitarlo, seguía rompiendo en llanto a pesar de no sentir eso, a pesar de que él no estaba consciente de que aun lo seguía haciendo –Te amo demasiado como para seguir haciéndote daño- retiro su mano, teniendo que mirar a un lado y evitar que este siguiera tocando su rostro -¡Soy un tonto! ¡Un idiota! Cada vez que pienso por mi termino pensando en ti, cada vez que yo deseo algo termino pensando en lo que tú necesitas ¿Qué tan difícil es entender que cuando trato de solo pensar en mi termina siendo sobre ti? ¿Es acaso eso egoísta? ¿Es acaso que ahora no te importa ni siquiera considerarme a mi cuando hablamos de ti? ¿Qué es lo que quieres? ¡Dímelo!- -¡No lo sé! ¡Ni siquiera entiendo exactamente por qué he venido hasta aquí! Se supone que te he olvidado, se supone que no me afectabas pero ahora que te miro, pero ahora que estas aquí ¡Estas destruyendo todo, me estás haciendo daño! Pero mírame, sigo aquí, sigo con la necesidad de ser lastimado siempre y cuando sea por tu causa, lo seguirás haciendo, no lo podemos evitar ¿En qué momento no te he considerado o pensado? ¿En qué instante yo no estuve esperando que todo lo que habíamos dicho fuera una broma? No te seguí porque tú ya no quisiste, yo te intente olvidar porque era lo que deseabas ¿De dónde quieres culparme? ¿En donde mierda tengo yo la culpa?- Y cuando ambas miradas se volvieron encontrar empezaron aquel enfrentamiento en donde ahora el rubio tenía la vista cristalizada por la acumulación de lágrimas que amenazaban con escapar en esos momentos y mostrar la debilidad que siempre se reservaba. Estaban mal, era lo peor que estuvieran haciendo pero eran almas tan heridas y desesperadas por comprensión que difícilmente serían otorgadas en esos instantes si ninguno de los dos declaraba que aquello era tan innecesario y de por si confuso para cada quien. El silencio había invadido todo el lugar, solo pudo escuchar a su propio corazón comenzar a extinguirse al paso en que este desaparecía permanentemente de su vida. Pero estaba bien, el lo quiso así y no podía negarle aquel deseo siempre y cuando ambos estuvieran bien, siempre y cuando pudieran disimular que no estaba pasando nada. Pero a él le costaba disimular que dentro de sí todo estaba bien. -No te voy a seguir toda la vida si tu ni siquiera sabes qué hacer con la tuya ¿Entiendes? Yo no tengo ni la mas mínima idea de lo que más desearías, ni siquiera sé si realmente ese te amo es real ¿Qué quieres que piense? Nunca me diste explicaciones de las cuales deberíamos alejarnos, no volviste, ni siquiera hiciste el intento de decirme algo y yo no iba a iniciar algo que yo no termine ¿Comprendes? El mundo tiene consecuencias, por una vez en tu vida ¡Se una persona real!, esto no es un cuento, tú no estás libre de toda esta blasfemia de vida, tú no tienes el derecho de destrozarme cada vez que se te plazca- No lograba dejar de correr, lo sabía, estaba consciente que necesitaba huir de todo lo que le rodeaba y principalmente de aquel paraíso que lo iba a condenar, que los sentenciaría a los dos a una tortura eterna donde no deseaba dejar de verlo. Tenía miedo, le aterraba ya no verlo y para eso necesitaba dejar en claro que todo se acabaría, en que nada sucedería, que todo lo que sucedió entre ellos había sido un error. Pero cada paso que daba le advertía que probablemente no enfrentarlo a su lado era el peor que podía estar cometiendo. -¿Cómo quieres que sea real si nunca lo fui? ¿¡Como esperas que sienta algo cuando por primera vez me hacen sentir como cualquier otro!? Solo soy alguien quien ni siquiera está seguro de haber sido un humano, no estoy seguro de lo que soy o de lo que hago ¡Nadie me dio la oportunidad de ser como otros! Luego llegas tu y me muestras que solo necesitaba ser yo, que podía ser todo lo que quisiera, que solo tenía que confiar en mí, que no era tan malo como creía ¿Qué esperabas de alguien quien toda su vida se encontró encerrado y lamentándose de existir cuando ya nadie más estuvo para él, para mí?- Las lágrimas empezaban a caer al suelo, haciendo arcos transparentes y brillosos, que intentaban dejar en claro quién era la víctima. -¿Qué culpa tengo yo?- -¿Y por qué yo debo tenerla toda? Por favor, te he dicho que te amo, nunca antes lo había dicho, nunca conocí a alguien al que de verdad quisiera con todo lo que soy, si antes confiaste en mi vuélvelo hacer, te amo, no estoy mintiendo, Jonathan por todo lo que quieras, lo juro por lo que sea, soy capaz de darte y hacer todo lo que quieras si eso te hace feliz a ti ¿Puedes creerme? ¿Puedes notar que en serio estoy matándome por hacerte vivir a ti?- Era imposible que pudieran soportar otro segundo, a pesar de que ambos parecían culparse, a pesar de que ambos estaban realmente dañados el tiempo nunca iba a borrar lo que sentían por el otro, porque a pesar de que aquello fuera un desastre seguían queriéndose tanto que cuando ambos parecían atacarse solo pudieron tomarse con brusquedad para volver a besarse como antes, de aquella forma que a pesar de ser descontrolada contaba todas esas cosas tan personales que no podrían decir al aire ni con otros solo entre ellos. Era un peligro volverlo a intentar pero ya se estaban arriesgando mucho cuando estuvieron solos. Igual, era peor estar separados que continuar juntos, lo podían intentar otra vez, aunque sea una vez más.[Chapter 16] Capítulo 14: Verdades Es verdad que todo mundo dice mentiras Que nadie en su totalidad es honesto Pero si sigo a este paso ya no lograre contenerlos Y tal vez decirlos sin pensarlos sea un suicidio Así que escúchame bien lo que te digo Porque hay cosas que me cuesta decir Pero principalmente hay algo en lo que quiero ser honesto contigo Y es que creo en mis propias mentiras como no tienes idea Porque a pesar de saber que estoy muerto prefiero seguir creyendo que vivo contigo En esos momentos debería estar preguntándose ¿Cómo habían llegado hasta ese punto? Todo estaba pasando tan rápido como a la vez lento, sin orden, sin sentido alguno que al final terminaba siendo tan claro y explicativo que te confundías, que comprendías, que llegaban dos ideas distintas como a la vez tan diferentes ¿Cómo llegaron a eso? ¿En qué segundo lo bizarro y lo raro se volvió algo de todos los días? ¿Cuándo acepto que su vida tenía que ser de esa manera? Solo tenía que mirar frente suyo para comprenderlo, para mirar ahora la solución a todo ese conflicto, a esa guerra que no terminaría nunca si no deseaba finalizarla. Tantas cosas que sucedieron, tantos lamentos, tantas heridas, tantas disculpas, tanta necesidad. Eran patéticos, un desastre, la estupidez humana encarnada; eran unos tontos, imbéciles, cualquier descripción que los declarara como personas con poca capacidad para pensar y reaccionar. No los culparía, en estos momentos ¿Qué tan bajo debía estar uno para volver atrás y reiniciar todo desde donde se quedó? Pudiera ser que todo se volviera igual, que nuevamente saliera destrozado y con una capa de hierro envuelta en los sentimientos, también estaba la probabilidad de que ahora el fuera quien lo dañara, tantas cosas, tantas probabilidades que mareaba ¿En qué momento esto se vuelve una preocupación? ¿Cuándo fue tan importante para que ahora ambas mentes fueran afectadas por la causa de una sola orden? Solo estaban jugando, no se estaban enamorando, solo era la necesidad de perder los estribos con alguien quien a pesar de provocarlo no podía molestarse. Un asco sin duda, Jonathan no se había acostumbrado nunca en su vida a tal necesidad para verse ahí, con un ser desesperado, necesitado de esos orbes esmeraldas que tanto lo apaciguaban, era una maldita bestia domada por alguien quien con tan solo sonreírle podía llegarle a robar tantas cosas que ni siquiera sabía que poseía, curioso ¿No? Estaba cayendo tan bajo cuando nunca pensó que sucedería eso. Y Sock, ese demonio tan despreocupado finalmente sentía temor, sentía la necesidad de hacerse responsable de cada acción que solo lo estaban perdiendo, tomar interés real en el asunto hasta tal grado de sentirse tan involucrado y culpable como a la vez tan satisfecho de todo. Finalmente, por una vez en su \"vida\" tenía el derecho de ser como cualquier otro, de estar con quien quisiera, de disfrutar lo que el mundo le preparaba pero ¿Qué pasaría si continuaba de esa forma? Obviamente, aquello era un desastre, estaba floreciendo nuevamente ese lado humano que se perdía cuando se ingresaba a las tinieblas, porque recobraba con más fuerzas el deseo de ser querido como nunca antes, el de amar como si no hubiera otra cosa; lo juraba, quería parar, tenía la necesidad de detener todo pero ¿Por qué lo haría? ¿Por qué desearía perder el cielo nocturno que solo le pertenecía? ¿Por qué debía abandonar todo aquello que lo hacía sentirse tan diferente? Solo necesitaba mirarlo y perder la razón, dejarse llevar sin importar las consecuencias. Estaba tan mal que emocionaba, que cada parte de su falso cuerpo hacia florecer tantas emociones que nunca antes lograron nacer con esa fuerza que el otro le transmitía. Sus ojos, sus manos, su boca, su cabello, la forma en la que le hablaba o se enojaba, esa peculiar forma de mover la nariz, sus gestos al enfurecerse, esa muestra a veces brusca de callarlo cuando decía disparates, imposible no enamorarse y sentirse aturdido; era el jodido paraíso, una tentación, aquella cosa que siempre lo ocultaría como un vil egoísta, era su tesoro, su salvación ¿Cómo mierda podía dejar todo eso a un lado? Le encantaba pero temía, le asustaba tanto que se lo arrebataran, no lo deseaba, era el pánico invadiendo cada poro artificial hasta el punto de hacerlo sentirlo mareado y aturdido. Ambos eran un asco, tanto que al final terminaban necesitándose con tal brutalidad que era imposible dejarse. Su relación, o lo que se podía considerar una, no se encontraba en ruinas, al contrario, se construía a tal velocidad que cuando menos se lo esperasen estaría tan fortalecida que algo realmente grande solo lograría desmoronarla un poco. Amaban con tanta pasión y necesidad, se deseaban con tanta locura que se podrían matar; eran el arma del otro, su propio suicido, su propia salvación. -¿Qué pasaría si en estos momentos perdiera la cabeza?- -A no ser que te la cortes no sé cómo lo harías- molesto, con esa sonrisa tan grande que costaba pensar que esa no fuera su forma natural Era inevitable, le encantaba esa forma de llevarse, era tan infantil que le hacía sentir un niño de nuevo –Eres un idiota- murmuro, casi como si le estuviera confesando aquello Saco su lengua en forma de reprochar aquello –Al menos no soy tan amargado- defendió, cuando volvió a su estado normal -¿Me estas llamando amargado?- -Claro que no, te estoy diciendo que lo eres- La forman en que encajaban sus manos al juntarse, esa forma en la que sus labios se encontraban para volver a perderse llegaba a ser tan abrumadora, tan desquiciante y excitante. Eran como batallar por quien se mantenía cuerdo cuando evidentemente ambos habían perdido la razón en cada uno de esos besos, de esos roces, de esos estúpidos ojos del contrario en el cual encontraban tanta vida, tanta energía, se estaban matando, se hacían tan dependientes que sería lo peor o al menos para otros. -Zack…- No sabía cómo sentirse, ese nombre era falso pero la forma en la que era llamado era tan real, tan cariñosa que por segundos podía creer que de verdad se llamaba de esa forma. -¿Qué sucede?- -Te necesito- Fue tan sorprendente como 2 palabras pudieron provocar algo tan extraño en el -¿Qué…?- no podía creerlo, era tan raro, tan…especial -Estoy enamorado de ti, no sé qué hacer, me siento tonto, solo lo único que logro comprender es que quiero estar a tu lado, quiero perderme solo en ti- hablo tan bajo, como si eso de verdad no perteneciera de el –Quiero perder la cabeza cada vez que te mire aunque sea por unos segundos- tomo su mentón, acaricio sus labios con delicadeza que parecía ser extraño de su parte pero ya le había mostrado que, de verdad, podía ser tan cuidadoso y dedicado solo con el –Quiero que la perdamos juntos- Sintió de nuevo sus labios con los suyos, sentía aquel mar de emociones inundando todo lo que era, sus ojos cerrándose, todo en el perdiéndose de nuevo, pero lentamente sintió aquellas manos recorrerlo sin miedo, sin deseo de preguntar si podían, poco a poco sintió como era recostado, como todo en él se volvía tan sensible que le costaba disimularlo -¿Q-qué estás haciendo?- pregunto cuando hizo el esfuerzo de contener todas las risas que lentamente hacían que su sonrisa se deformara cada vez que trataba de ocultarlas No hubo palabras, no hubo respuestas solo la sensación de ser despojado de su bufanda. Estaba confundido, necesitaba preguntar y mucho más cuando sus instintos le recomendaban huir, buscar alguna excusa para terminar eso pero ¿Exactamente que necesitaba acabar? -E-espera- Ahora aquella boca que tanto amaba se encontraba cerca de su cuello, podía sentir su respiración, y ahora lograba sentir de nuevo aquella boca sobre esa parte solo haciendo que quisiera moverse. -E-esto es raro- -¿Alguna vez hemos sido normales?- Sabía que sus dientes se encajaban en su piel, como si quisieran dejar una marca de que solo ellos podían estar en aquel territorio, era raro, sentía el deseo de quedarse cuando todo en él se quería alejar. Se repitió la acción las veces que fueron necesarias para sacarle suspiros involuntarios que ni el mismo comprendía lo que eran. -Solo quiero hacerte sentir mejor- Nuevamente, otra vez, esas manos le recorrían hasta el punto en que lo hacían removerse, sacar suspiros, derretirse sin idea alguna. Esos toques y caricias, la forma en la que parecía querer remarcarlo como suyo ¿Qué eran esas acciones? ¿Qué eran esas sensaciones que le dejaba? La forma en la que lo besaba y lo invadía, incluso cuando estaba consciente que lentamente sus prendas dejaban de ser necesarias ¿Qué pasaba? ¿Por qué no podía reaccionar? Era como un muñeco el cual solo controlado dependiendo de las acciones de su dueño. -Sé quién eres, se lo que eres- Por un momento tuvo que abrir los ojos, a pesar de temer a lo que se refería, a ver lo que sucedía. -No importa si eres un demonio o el hecho de que asesinaras a tus padres y por esa razón te encuentres en el infierno- Termino por paralizarse ¿Pero cómo? Eso era imposible, nunca antes le había dicho cada uno de esos secretos. Se sentía desnudado (literalmente) por lo cual solo pudo bajar sus manos deteniéndolo, por fin dejando en claro que aquello no era buena idea, que necesitaba un respiro, pensar, acabar con eso. -Lo único que quiero es tenerte, que seas mío, te quiero para mi Sock- No importaba que hiciera el otro lograba hacer que cayera, que dejara que acariciara sus piernas y las besara al momento en que cubría su boca intentando detener lo que sea que quisiera escapar a un volumen alto y escandaloso que cualquiera en un futuro podría reconocerlo. -Pertenéceme Sowachowski, solo se para mí- Y fue inevitable no comenzar a temblar y decir su nombre en bajo, de forma tan necesitada y débil que podía escuchar la risa satisfactoria que el otro le regalaba. -¿Zack?- -¿Hm?- Miro alrededor, todo era diferente, no concordaba con el escenario, se supone que estaban en la habitación de Jonathan y ahora se encontraban en la sala ¿Qué había sucedido? ¿Por qué no recordaba nada? -¿Has dormido bien?- -¿Qué?- -Te has quedado dormido en medio de la película, pensé que no ibas a despertar- ¿Se había quedado dormido? ¿Todo eso fue un sueño? Sintió alivio por unos momentos hasta recordar nuevamente lo que sucedió y ponerse tan rojo. -¿Me quede dormido?- Asintió antes de apretar su mejilla divertido por su sonrojo y perdida de la noción del tiempo –Incluso mis padres han preguntado por ti- le comento casi con cierto toque incomodo -Me han dicho si no era mejor que te llevara a mi habitación pero supuse que mientras no me moviera estarías cómodo, últimamente haces eso- Afirmo con la cabeza en forma de agradecer a su manera solo teniendo que suspirar, estaba tranquilo al no verse en esas situación que su mente había montado sin supervisión -¿Qué se supone que era lo que estábamos viendo?- -Creo que se trataba sobre un estafador, la verdad, yo estaba haciendo tarea cuando me arrastraste a esto ¿Recuerdas?- Frunció el ceño hasta recordarlo todo: Jonathan intentaba hacer un proyecto el cual no le importaba cuando él le propuso ver una película, al inicio se había opuesto pero al final lo había convencido (claro que para el convencer significaba llevárselo casi arrastrándolo para que fuera) sus padres se encontraban en la cocina, preparando lo que seguramente sería la comida para mañana, eran bastante atentos siempre que se encontraban aun cuando Jonathan parecía no tener mucha comodidad en la escena. Pero le era lindo cuando este se ponía rojo por el hecho de ser avergonzado frente a él. -Lo había olvidado- rasco su barbilla antes de mirar a la televisión -¿Y cómo se supone que acabo?- -La gente termino por descubrir lo que realmente era y el hombre término solo junto con sus pertenencias y a pesar de tenerlo todo parecía sentirse solo- -¿Por qué alguien se sentiría solo con todo lo que había ganado? ¿No se sentiría poderoso? No tiene sentido- -Míralo de otra forma- -¿Cómo lo voy a ver si ya ha terminado?- Se dio una palmada en el rostro antes de tener que negar con la cabeza –No importa que tan rico o que tantos bienes tuviera, si no tiene a alguien con quien compartirla ¿Por qué desear todo eso? No tendría chiste, todo sería aburrido y solitario, él no tendría a alguien que lo alabara- -Entonces es como lo que sucede con tu sonrisa- declaro pensante -¿Eh?- se mostró confundido ante eso -¿A qué te refieres?- -Tu sonríes de una forma única pero nunca se lo demuestras a nadie, te quedas ese talento para ti pero cuando estás conmigo lo haces ¿Tú me consideras la persona que debería alabarte?- pregunto, con cierta curiosidad e insistencia que demanda una respuesta Lo miro por unos segundos antes de acomodar su cabello y sonreír, aun cuando no quisiera hacerlo –No quiero que me adules, supongo que es inevitable no hacerlo con alguien quien no teme ser lo que realmente es- Se sintió halagado pero por un momento algo le grito \"No te hagas el inocente, tú mismo sabes que no eres quien él piensa ¿Lo recuerdas? Le has mentido todo este tiempo\" bajo la mirada, era verdad, ¿Cómo podía sentirse orgulloso de una mentira? ¿Cómo podía ser nombrado de esa forma? No podía, era una broma, una maldita mentira -Oh- expreso con suavidad antes de elevar la vista a donde este estaba –Yo…no sé qué decir- -¿Sucede algo?- La mirada preocupada del otro le advirtió que no estaba actuando con naturalidad cosa que si lo pensaba un poco llegaba a ser evidente, se le notaba a lenguas cuando su actitud se desplomaba –Nada importante, supongo que nunca antes nadie me considero de esa forma es nuevo, no sé qué pensar sobre eso- en realidad no estaba mintiendo pero tampoco estaba diciendo la verdad - A veces eres muy cursi Jonathan- Bufo no esperando más que eso, luego hablaría con él porque si lo intentaba ahora corría el peligro de verse estúpido (como la mayoría de veces que intentaba ayudar, no era muy bueno en eso) –¿Quieres que te diga que eres una miseria en el aspecto de mentirme? ¿O te gustaría que te insultara por hacerme sentir una colegiala?- -Las faldas no serian lo tuyo- -Gracias por romper cualquier ilusión de probarme aunque sea una, no tienes idea de lo que me has salvado- Empezó a reír de forma suave, a veces la actitud del otro llegaba a recordarle porque ha hecho todo lo que estaba haciendo –Pero al menos eres una linda colegiala- -Cállate- -Oblígame- La mejor palabra que podía usar para ser callado por un beso como en esos momentos, quien sea quien la haya inventado le agradecía demasiado. Dejo que sus manos se sostuvieran de su cabello y que este lo tomase de la cintura, una cosa típica de ellos es que la gran parte de sus besos terminaban pareciendo un atragantamiento tan brusco y desesperado que elevaba el éxtasis, la dependencia, las ganas de quedarse siempre de esa forma. -Jonathan~- suspiro su nombre cuando se separaron, en tono sugerente he ido, tan perdido en esos momentos en los que de nuevo su mente vagaba y cuando se percato de ello inmediatamente su rostro se paralizo y se coloro hasta tal punto en que si fuera posible estaría sacando vapor, la única reacción lógica que pudo encontrar fue cubrirse con su gorro y murmurar casi un millar de veces que la tierra se lo tragara o que este se despistara para poder traspasar todo y no verse raro –Y-yo, ah, mierda- Sus mejillas se encontraban levemente sonrosadas, teniendo que parpadear varias veces para asegurarse de que seguía en el mismo lugar que momentos atrás ¿Pero qué demonios? Eso era nuevo, lo sorprendió tanto y no dejaba que su corazón fuera con normalidad, sentía que su temperatura aumentaba y se sintiera tan despistado por segundos -¿Pero qué?- no podía formular mas, no sabía cómo reaccionar pero como cualquier ser humano (o por lo menos el gran porcentaje de personas) aquello llamo su atención hasta tal punto que le gusto Bienvenidos sean las hormonas. -Zack- -E-esto es tan vergonzoso- -Zack- -Ma-maldita sea- -¡Zack! ¿Podrías mirarme por un momento?- al ver que tan solo se descubrió un poco hizo que suspirara –Todo está bien ¿De acuerdo? Todo está bien- ¿Qué se decía en esos momentos? ¡Por todos los cielos! ¿Qué mierda decía ahora? Necesitaba calmarlo cuando ni siquiera él se mantenía tranquilo –Es ¿normal?- claramente era una bazofia en estos aspectos, ayudar no era lo suyo -Tranquilo- -¡No es normal! ¿A ti esto te parece normal? Por todos los demonios, Jonathan ¡Me estaba gustando que me toca- se detuvo, volviendo a cubrir todo su rostro y ahora estar maldiciéndose a si mismo ¿Es acaso que no podía cerrar la boca por un maldito segundo? -¡Olvídalo!- le exigió al momento en que se levanto como pudo, chocando de paso pero encontrando la forma de irse a otro sitio donde no estuviera cerca Definitivamente, necesitaban hablar, antes de que sus padres interrumpieran eso y quisieran hablarle sobre \"eso\". -¡Espera!- Prefería complicarlo que escuchar a sus padres dándoles la charla. Duraron un buen rato solucionando lo que anteriormente había sucedido, ambos estaban tranquilos, ambos habían acordado a olvidar ese tema por el bien del castaño quien a su parecer se sentía mejor pero por un instante pensó que si en algún punto eso pasaba no le seria agradable escuchar aquel nombre falso provenir de su boca, no le gustaría pensar que prefería a una ilusión que a él ¿De dónde salía tanta necesidad y controversia? Negó con la cabeza y siguió disimulando que todo estaba tranquilo, que todo estaba bien. Pero mientras más enterraba más hondo caía. \"No eres capaz de seguir guardando todo esto, tú mismo lo sabes, me has visto en acción, seguiré jugando con tu cabeza hasta que finalmente lo confieses, lo deseas tanto, lo necesitas pero no quieres mentiras ¡Dilo! ¡Esto es desesperante!\" Ahora entendía que tan desesperante llegaba ser tener una voz en la cabeza aunque curiosamente por lo menos esta era buena, pero como nunca se dio la libertad de escuchar a su subconsciente sentía que el ahora era una víctima de alguna jugarreta de la cual, a pesar de detestarlo tenía razón, era desesperante. \"¿Quieres defraudarlo?\" -¿Jonathan?- -¿Qué sucede?- -¿Recuerdas que me dijiste que me querías por ser en verdad quién soy?- al verlo asentir solo pudo hundirse en hombros –Han sucedido muchas cosas en mi cabeza y hay algo que te necesito decir, no puedo más, voy a explotar, si continuo haciendo esto probablemente mi cabeza me lleve a cosas de los que en un futuro me arrepienta- Estaba confundido pero al verlo serio supo que aquello no rozaba a una broma o algo absurdo – ¿Qué es lo que sucede?- -Sucede que te diré la verdad- tomo aire antes de mirarlo –He pensado mucho en ti, me gustas demasiado, me haces sentir tan bien conmigo mismo, cada vez más me encuentro perdido que incluso te sueño pero hay algo que me atormenta en esos momentos, existe algo que me incomoda y es saber que estás viviendo en parte con una mentira andante, no puedo hacerte esto- -¿A qué te refieres?- Cerró los ojos por un momento antes de tomar el valor para continuar, igual, orgullo ya no tenía desde su accidente con su boca. -Mi nombre no es Zack- Lo volvió a ver, solo observando cómo encorvaba la boca, por un momento quiso parar pero sabía que si lo hacía todo terminaría mal. -Mi nombre es Napoleón Maxwell Sowachowski- Al verlo sorprender un poco tuvo que sonreír incomodo mostrando que aun no era todo. -Y soy una abominación-[Chapter 17] ¿Cuánto tiempo me tomo por desaparecerme de esta historia? (No me digan, se que fue mucho). Lamento el haberme tardado tanto y apenas dignarme a regresar pero les juro por todo lo que aman que se me complica bastante cuando una historia en sus capítulos finales porque a mi cabeza se le da por no tener ideas o desechar todo lo que escriba pero he dicho que no iba abandonar esto y aunque nadie me lea pues al menos estoy cumpliendo ¿No? Además, la vida de nadie es fácil y me ha tocado pasar por varias cosas en estos meses. ¿Qué decirles? ¡Ni yo sé como demonios ha salido todo esto! De repente he dicho \"¡Hey! Tengo finalmente ideas para esto!\" y me la he puesto complicado, más que nada por eso no estaba hecho pero me ha tomado unas cuantas horas para derramar esto y aún me acuerdo del final que les deseaba dar, más o menos esperemos que lo acabe antes de Julio esta historia ¡Los demás capítulos deberían ser menos problemáticos que este! Por cierto, pienso cambiarme el seudónimo así que no se asusten si en un futuro me ven con otro nombre. Atte: Por ahora, AutorDesconocido. Capítulo 15: Perdóname Y aunque parezca una mentira Aun cuando creas que es una ilusión He cometido tantos errores que me han arrastrado hasta donde estoy Lo único que me queda pedir es piedad Por cada una de las catástrofes que cometí Que cometeré Y lamento tanto que te involucres tanto con lo que soy Con el pecado que me convertí Jonathan parecía querer armar aquel recompensa de miles de piezas para entender, darle algún sentido a esas palabras que estaban fuera de lugar a su parecer, todo dejo de poseer un sentido. ¿A qué se refería con eso? ¿Por qué tuvo la necesidad de ocultar su identidad? ¿En qué momento alguien se había dedicado en dejarle confundido? Sus facciones remarcaban sorpresa a lo que expresaría como la cara mejor cara de estúpido que nunca ha puesto con alguien. Quisiera hablar, lo anhelaba tanto pero ¿Cuáles eran las palabras correctas para expresarse? Todo estaba siendo tan repentino que dudaba mucho si no se encontraba en una clase de juego donde se le trataba de ver la cara de tonto. Debía ser eso. Necesitaba que fuera eso. ¿Alguien podría darle el guión de la mala película que estaba protagonizando? -¿Por qué estás diciendo eso?- tenía todo el derecho de sentirse fuera de lugar, era normal, o al menos desde su perspectiva siente que incluso si gritara estaría bien -¿Qué clase de broma me estás contando?- El castaño trataba de ver la manera en la que no sonara raro cosa que ya de por si resultaba imposible por no decir que desconoce todo sobre decir la verdad, es decir, vive en el infierno ¿Para qué alguien tendría que ser honesto o justo en un lugar donde se supone que hacen todo lo contrario a \"la buena voluntad\"? Deseaba que las palabras del rubio fueran la realidad con la que debe cargar y que el nombre que ha mencionado fuera solo una mentira o una gran coincidencia de alguien que sí estuviera vivo. Pero no lo era y ya no lo sería, Sock había enterrado ese cuchillo sin lamentos y ahora finalmente estos aparecían. ¿Por qué no se pudieron conocer antes de que todo eso ocurriera? ¿Por qué era demasiado tarde para pedir perdón al ser poderoso que lo había destinado a eso? Los grilletes lo mantenían ahí, pidiendo ser perdonado desesperadamente por todo lo que ha cometido, porque no soporta verse más en esa telaraña de de ilusiones que creo por ordenes ajenas a lo que deseaba. Ya no quiere hacerlo pero ardera en el bajo mundo si no cumple las ordenes con las que ha sido programado, perderá todo el derecho de seguir traspasando ese mundo y lo peor de todo ya no podría ver a Jonathan, acercarse. Enamorarse nunca estuvo en sus planes o quizás sí, no lo sabe pero es probable que una fuerza mayor conspirara a su perdición. Sonriente trataba de no permitir que su mundo empezara a quebrantarse -No es ninguna broma, lamentablemente no- aseguraba su propio destino, no deseaba pero si calla seguramente no vuelva a dar la cara al saber que solo se ha enamorado de lo que ha querido mostrar. Una farsa maravillosa -Escúchame por favor, voy a entender si después de esto tu ya no me quieres ver o saber de mi pero de verdad necesito que me prestes atención, ya no quiero que digas un nombre falso con tanto cariño si nunca me va a pertenecer. Necesito hacer lo que desde un inicio debí hacer- Jonathan no sabe si prejuzgar o escuchar cada una de las anécdotas probables que puedo expresar el joven que solo mostraba debilidad, suplicando piedad de una forma tan patética que daba lástima. Ama a quien sea que esta frente a su persona y es por eso que callara hasta que todo puedo ser aclarado y sea quien decida si eso debe acabar de una buena manera o no. Y por todo lo que existe quiere que sea de esa forma, no va a soportar más desilusiones y juegos con su persona. -Te escucho- Volviendo sus manos puños, respirando hasta contener el aire que jamás necesitaría de ahora en adelante le queda arriesgarse, le queda confesar cada uno de sus pecados. Contenía cada lágrima falsa que quisiera caer de sus ojos, teme que lo vea como todo mundo lo hizo. Un monstruo sin corazón ni sentimientos, un ser desalmado dispuesto a atentar con la vida de todo aquel que apareciera en su vida y era correcto, el tenía que acabar con la vida de todo aquel que ya no soportara la suya e incluso antes de que se volviera un demonio principiante lo concedieron con una maldición de llenarse de sangre al final con todo lo que quería. No deseaba llorar, no necesitaba que alguien viera fragilidad en todo lo que es pero sus padres lo hicieron, quisieron ayudarlo y tan solo intentaba enterrar la verdad para que no doliera tanto. Porque sí, era el atormento con el que siempre cargaba en el infierno tan cruel. ¿Merecía acaso cada una de esas atrocidades? -Yo...- desconoce como iniciar, si desde sus impulsos homicidas o justo donde se encontraba ahora. Las dos eran tan buenas opciones que opto por iniciar lo que era menos peor -Nunca debí mentir sobre mi nombre, no lo merecías pero si me mostraba tal cual como soy tu ni siquiera estarías escuchando eso, solo te he metido en problemas tontos ¿Cierto? Soy demasiado absurdo- Al menos en eso estaban de acuerdo ambos. -Ni siquiera tengo a donde ir, yo lo perdí todo y ahora te voy a perder a ti por todo lo que he hecho, lo siento, yo nunca hubiera querido que te involucraras conmigo pero estoy condenado a seguir órdenes, no tengo voluntad propia- No iba a permitir que el otro comentara por algo se apuraba a hablar arruinando todo orden o sentido que hubiera querido dar. Igualmente, no tenía sentido. -Mis padres, mis amigos, todo lo que alguna vez me caracterizo como un humano se esfumo gracias a mis propias manos, yo, yo soy un maldito asesino que no puede controlar sus propias necesidad, les hice daño. Fui yo quien me condeno ahora a todo esto, sin una casa a la cual volver, sin personas que alguna vez me vieron como su tesoro, estoy solo- ya no puede mantenerlas al marquen, su mentira se vuelve tan real que parece que se encuentra llorando sin control -No merezco perdón, ni siquiera debí haber nacido si lo único que iba a traer era destrucción, malas historias que se han visto asesinadas por mi- Mientras más se expresaba era menos la fortaleza que podía tener para mantenerse en ese mundo y si volvía tendría que afrontar las aterradoras consecuencias. Besaría el frío suelo de la tortura si regresaba. -Rompí todo lo que alguna vez ame...los maté, no lo quería pero no pude evitarlo, no sé porque termine haciéndolo y lo lamento tanto, no hubiera querido que las cosas continuaran de esa manera pero no podía detenerme, algo me gritaba que lo hiciera- ¿Paranoico? Sí, estaba más que nada discutiendo consigo mismo dejando de lado al que se supone que debería estar dándole una explicación mínimamente lógica pero todo se ve en el desagüe cuando el principal problema es todo lo que se ha evitado decir, todo lo que se evito afrontar cuando estaba con vida. ¿Dónde podría recuperar el tiempo que ha desperdiciado? -Zack- duda si debe llamarlo así o como le ha dicho que se llama, se siente inútil por tener que cuestionarse eso Lo estaba perdiendo, lentamente lo miraba entregarse el suelo con ambas manos en su cabeza, sufriendo, viéndose tan miserable que si alguna vez estuvo así este le ganaba por una gran diferencia. -Zack- Es como si se hubiera vuelto sordo y lo único que pudiera escuchar era un doloroso \"Nunca tendré perdón por esto\". Con lo poco que entiende es que se trata de algo grave, asesinato si mal no se equivoca, desde ahí las cosas estaban mal y ya debería estar llamando a la policía ¿Y por qué no lo estaba haciendo? Tan solo necesitaba mirar cómo se arrepentía, como el dolor lo estaba consumiendo puesto que nunca pareció desearlo; fue el juego de alguien quien quiso probarlo ante las circunstancias más bajas y crueles que se pudieran plantear en esos momentos. -¡Napoleón!- tomo fuerza, su voz rompió las barreras que aquel cuerpo frágil creaba para mantener la poca estabilidad mental que creía tener. Era tan doloroso, culpable o no, parecía que no se merecía eso y dudaba que de verdad tuviera que soportarlo – Hazme caso, no estás solo, no hoy, estoy aquí ¿De acuerdo? Deja de llorar y mírame por una buena vez ¿Entiendes?- Esmeraldas llenas de un brilloso dolor que no se podía ocultar por siempre, porque era ver a un animal indefenso que fue abandonado a su suerte con alguna pata rota o una enfermedad que lo acabaría si nadie lo recogía. Sabe de eso, o por lo menos cuando era más pequeño entendía que uno hace una diferencia si es lo que quiere hacer. Nunca le permitieron cuidar de ellos haciendo que de vez en cuando desobedeciera para salir con la suya y por lo menos prolongar algo de su vida. Resultaba que la propuesta ya estaba impuesta ¿Iba ser como esa vez en que se atrevió a llevar la contraria por salvar algo a pesar de ser castigado o haría el de la vista gorda para no tener que hacerse responsable desde lo que en un inicio no es su culpa? Ya estaba con la respuesta definida cuando se acerco para tirarse junto a él en el suelo y rodearlo con sus brazos -Si piensas decírmelo hazlo con calma, no puedo entenderte de esa manera- -Ni siquiera deberías tener compasión por mí- trataba de no reír pero era difícil no hacerlo -Ellos tampoco debieron tenerla- -No importa los errores que tuviste, piensa en lo que eres ahora, en lo que deseas hacer ¿Está bien? Intenta explicarte mejor porque solo escucho disparates- \" Lo que soy ahora…ahora en estos momentos sigo siendo un monstruo\" -Me dejarás solo si lo digo, ya no quisiera estarlo, por favor, no quiero ser más esto- ¿Cómo es que se podía sufrir tanto con tan solo verlo? ¿Era por lo menos posible que sintiera que su corazón se estrujaba con verlo temblar sea por cobardía o valentía? Le recordaba tanto a su actual vida, a todo lo que las personas tratan de ocultar pero que él muestra con seguridad, sin miedo de ser juzgado o declarado como loco; porque era eso: Alguien quien ha perdido completamente la cabeza. Y ahora, ahora la cruel realidad lo arrastraba a ser parte de ella, arrancando las alas con las que alguna vez pudo escapar, bebiendo sus alegrías para insertarle miles de inseguridades que carcomerían la confianza que alguna vez tuvo ¿Quién era tan cruel para hacerle eso a ese pobre niño que a pesar de querer alejarlo se mantenía en sus brazos? Quiere evitarle dolor y de eso se va a aferrar porque confía en que no es malo, a pesar de que en un inicio se viera rodeado de mentiras parece que lo hacía por su bien. Ya no las estaba ocultando, se dejaba examinar, le permitía ser curioso a pesar de que eso le robara su libertad, la posibilidad de vivir con calma o lo que intentaba entender de ella. -Quisiera nunca haber sido de esta manera pero fui destinado a eso y ahora te perderé, dejaré de tener de nuevo algo que me hacía feliz- -No me voy a ir de aquí- ¿Cómo poder cumplir eso sin saber las consecuencias a las que se enfrenta? ¿De dónde la necesidad de quedarse todo lo que sea posible para que ya no se le vea sufriendo? -¿Quién me asegura eso?- ¿Podría asegurarle eso? -Lo prometo- ¿Cuánto vale una promesa que se hace sin pensar? Nada, mucho o algo intermedio no obstante a Jonathan le bastaba y sobraba con ver de nueve ese gesto que dejo de hundirse en el dolor para mostrarle una sonrisa un poco complicada al saber que no lograba esbozar la felicidad que trataba de conseguir desesperadamente para que al menos una parte de todo ese desastre se viera con normalidad. Nunca iba a olvidar como ese pequeño ser temeroso se llenaba con tanto dolor, con tanta culpabilidad ¿Fue justo lo que paso? ¿Merecía ser castigado de esa forma? Sigue sin conocer toda la historia pero no se va ir sin importar lo cruel que sea, de igual forma lo ha prometido ¿No? ¿Sabe bien cómo mantener una promesa de pie sin importar el nivel de miedo que se pueda experimentar? Ofrecerse a llevarlo a un lugar más privado fue la incógnita de esa duda. A lo mejor ni siquiera estaba preparado para enfrentar las cadenas que una persona carga cuando el siempre intento ignorar las suyas. Pero la historia está escrita y ya no tiene oportunidad de re-escribir un pasado que desde un principio n siquiera le pertenece en absoluto. \" Varios años atrás en un vecindario amigable y cálido una pareja finalmente había concebido a su primer hijo después de varios intentos arduos en donde cada fracaso les arrancaba uno a uno las esperanzas que tenían hasta poder ver aquella pequeña criatura un poco más pequeña de lo normal. Fue un embarazo complicado y tanto la madre como el niño estuvieron varios días en el hospital hasta que finalmente ambos tuvieron la bendición de volver a casa para comenzar todos como una familia. Fue nombrado Napoleón tal y como se llamaba el abuelo de su padre el cual siempre estaba agradecido con todo lo que le había enseñado y dado, por todo el apoyo que tuvieron en sus primeros años de casados cuando todo era duro; era la mejor manera de conmemorar su recuerdo. Todo era normal, los integrantes de la familia se adoraban mutuamente y Napoleón crecía con normalidad a pesar de los problemas que tuvo en un inicio, fue un niño adorado, el mundo lo consentía y siempre sonreía a todos sin importar su aspecto u edad. Era alguien a quien siempre se le daba por querer ver la felicidad, era alguien muy aceptado en la sociedad pero a la edad de 5 años todo su entorno se volvió tan hostil que una voz en su cabeza hizo presencia, era una voz que nadie más podría escuchar más que el ingenuo infante que le permitió quedarse en su cabeza\" Al de ojos metálicos en ningún momento se le ocurría dejar de mirar al de falda, cada una de sus expresiones al narrar, las muecas o sonrisas ocultas que daba, era alguien quien no podría detener sus expresiones por el hecho de que les ha dado tanto espacio que lo delataban con sencillez. Ojalá y no fuera así, de esa manera no estaría presintiendo que ese relato cada vez se iba a volver peor hasta el punto que la realidad lo abofetearía para burlarse descaradamente. Últimamente le da la sensación de que están abusando de su integridad como humano. \" Entonces descubrió algo que nunca antes le dio importancia y fue el hecho de tomar cosas filosas para herir a alguien iniciando principalmente con sus uñas cuando se entero de que eran un arma que podría cargar. Pasó inadvertido esos momentos culpando a la edad inquieta y las peleas en las que todos los niños se involucran pero todo fue diferente en el momento en que ingenuamente aquel niño cazó un conejo para llevárselo a su mejor amigo. Fue inocente, no comprendía que eso estaba mal, desconocía el plan malvado a lo que le estaban llevando pero puso pausa una temporal mientras esperaban un tiempo para ver si ya no actuaba de esa manera, parecía estar estable por lo cual se arriesgaron a continuar con sus estudios en otro lugar pero la historia en ese momento se volvió a repetir. Estaba condenado ahora a estar encerrado en esas paredes que cada vez más se llenaban de libros, de mapas y enciclopedias para que continuara bajo llave lo que ya nunca más tendría afuera. Pero no importaba, el estaba feliz porque aún tenía a sus padres, porque aún conservaba el cariño de aquellos que nunca se cansarían de intentarlo. Hasta que…\" Tensión, en ese punto se podía notar el nudo que se le formaba en la garganta y todo el esfuerzo sobrehumano que dedicaba por soltar aquellas simples palabras que desataban el inicio de todas esas historias que lo han deshecho con el tiempo. Tiene miedo, sí, ¿Quién no lo tendría con alguien quien al parecer a tenido deseos homicidas desde niño? Y a la vez quiere comprenderlo porque no es algo con el cual pidió nacer, fue algo que ni siquiera el comprendía desde un principio. ¿Qué tan cruel era arruinarle la vida de esa forma a una persona? Sus padres no lo juzgaron como loco, al contrario, se arriesgaron a encontrar una manera de rescatarlo de la injusticia con el cual fue tatuado. \" En una noche sin nada especial aquel quien fue confiscado en su hogar recuerda haber tenido una pesadilla con esa voz que hace tiempo no volvió a molestar con su presencia, impregnándole miedo, solo quería escapar y defenderse de todos los que le trataban de hacer daño hasta que unos gritos desgarradores rompieron el silencio de lo fantástico para obligarlo a despertar. Definitivamente rompió todos los límites, tiro el cuchillo que antes de apegaba a su mano con tanta fuerza para solo caer de rodillas al suelo y rogar a Dios de que eso no estuviera pasando. Vio a sus padres morir por sus propias manos\". El viento soplaba con fuerza y las aves cantaban de una forma baja, la piel estaba erizada mientras que aquellas gotas solo se derramaban una tras otra en una carrera de inundar cada una de esas esperanzas que ya no se encontraban presentes. Combs esperaba algo menos importante, cosas absurdas sin mucho conflicto pero ahora conoce gran parte de todo lo que ha contado, de lo que vivieron, el porqué de las muchas veces nunca le tocaba asistir a la casa del otro o porque la omisión de información de sus padres. Por ende el pobre debió irse a un hostal para que alguien se apiadara de lo desconocido, para que pudiera sobrevivir. Vaya, en qué clase de enredos se veía involucrado. -Napoleón…- Debe verlo incluso si se siente tonto de hacerlo por estar ahí desahogándose con la única persona a la que podría haberle dado todo - ¿Ya no me quieres cerca de ti?- -Quiero saber ¿Hay más secretos? ¿Algo que no me has dicho aún?- \" La razón por la que no he continuado con eso es porque hice que otros hicieran lo mismo\" \" Soy en realidad un demonio que venía aquí para asegurarse que te suicidaras\" \" Yo ni siquiera debería decirte todo esto\" Varias opciones que pasaban por su cabeza y ninguna que sería mencionada. -Creo que puedes descubrir todo lo demás por ti mismo, perdóname por ser una molestia, entenderé si ya quieres irte despidiendo de mí- Eso hubiera sido lo más sensato. Hubiera. - Creo que me quedaré- -¿Eh?- De acuerdo, no esperaba esa reacción. -En todo este tiempo no has mostrado eso o al menos no lo has hecho, actúas como cualquier persona normal si se le puede decir que eres así- se dejo acostar en el tejado pensando bien lo que estaba jugando –Admito que es un poco incómodo escuchar eso pero tu ni siquiera deseabas eso ¿Por qué te debo hacer culpable de algo con lo que tú no podías batallar? Me tomará tiempo asimilarlo pero no te juzgaré por lo que has pasado- Sock iba a tener un derrame cerebral en esos momentos. -Tú… ¿Te quedarás?- -Lo prometí- Fue algo que no se planeo pero termino por moverse hasta donde estaba el otro, hacerse un hueco en su cuerpo para poder acostarse y tomar su brazo para envolverlo en un abrazo. -Lo prometiste- Tarde o temprano tendría que romper esa promesa.[Chapter 18] Capítulo 16: Otra historia más Y sigo sin poder comprenderlo Te has quedado a pesar de todo lo malo De todo lo que has averiguado Aún sabiendo varios de mis secretos Sigues tomando mi mano ¿Por qué Dios es tan cruel? Me ha puesto un ángel a mi lado Y un cuchillo en mi mano ¿Por qué, por qué debe ser así? Le quedaba siempre cuestionarse si era merecedor de estar rodeado por esa alma que a pesar de ser amenazante al inicio era un dulce agridulce con sus pros y contras como cualquier ser humano común y corriente y a pesar de eso lo consideraba una de las mejores que pudo haber conocido, un pretendiente sobresaliente que podría haber en esos alrededores dado el hecho de que cuando se traspasaba aquella primera fase que servía como una barrera para protegerse encontrabas a una gran persona, atenta, decidida, paciente cuando se le da su tiempo, amable, caballerosa, atrevida, simpática, protectora. Por todos los cielos e círculos del infierno, Jonathan era un partido excepcional que cualquiera en su sano juicio debería por lo menos intentar ganar. Porque cualquiera que lo hiciera obtendría la lotería, un premio del cual muy pocos dirían que se arrepentían. Sabe que pueden haber mejores personas que lo merecieran y que desde un inicio respiran, que siquiera por lo menos viven todo lo contrario a su estado, a lo que el hace o tiene pero no quiere que aparezcan, la sola idea lo llena de malestar, hace que haga una mueca y le diga al rubio que solo lo quiera, que no tenga a otra persona con la cual compartir todo lo que ha encontrado. Eso de los celos era un tema molesto, le avergonzaba tanto cuando el otro decía que era su capricho. Un niño egoísta que no le gusta compartir lo que le pertenece por derecho. Y lo es ¿Por qué debería compartirlo? Quiere que sea suyo, lo desea de esa forma a pesar de que está mal. A pesar de que sabe que es imposible porque tarde o temprano deberá enfrentarse a sus sentimientos para hacer con lo que en si ya debería haber cometido. Pero le gustaba ver el tiempo cayendo, deslizándose de sus manos cuando trataba de forzarlo para verse detenido cuando los labios del otro recordaban todas las malditas razones por las cuales estaba desobedeciendo, cada una apuntando que era un joven demonio enamorado de su propia víctima, de aquel que fue condenado en sus manos; es probable que sea eso lo que le lleva a derretirse ante caricias y mimos, que unas simples palabras bien empleadas contra su oído le hiciera casi temblar, que hasta el hecho de ver jugando a Jonathan le hiciera sentir una joven mortal que sería capaz de animarlo solo para ser la atención del otro. Porque ignoraba tanto la advertencia con el que fue alarmado, porque hizo caso omiso desde un inicio y no recordaba algo tan importante como lo fue aquella regla. \"Los demonios podrán sentir más de lo que quieren, las emociones pondrán en peligro su existencia mientras crezca hasta ser un dolor insoportable. Tendrán deseos insaciables que los llevaran al fracaso\" Sock ni siquiera se daba cuenta que la dependencia que estaba formando con el pálido excavaba demasiado, cayendo más bajo de lo que se suponía que era normal, ni siquiera sabía que iba a desear hasta lo que desconocía y cuando lo hiciera desaparecería sin dejar rastro alguno, ya no pertenecería a ese plano existencial. Solo conoce esos raros sueños donde el de sudadera gris estaba encima suyo viéndolo de una manera profunda, desesperada, tratándole de provocar cierto miedo emocionante para verde ahogado de sensaciones que ni siquiera puede nombrarlas, que tratar de explicarlas le llenaría de un rubor tan grande que no quisiera ver a nadie por lo tonto que cree que se vería. Inclusive el nombre de Jonathan era tan difícil de mantenerlo cuando adoraba decirlo, ni se diga cuando escuchaba de la boca del otro el suyo. Comenzaba a sentir más de lo que soportaba que a veces dolía, extraño ¿No? Por momentos le daba la ilusión de escuchar su propia respiración a todo dar junto a un acelerado corazón que estaba perforando el pecho cuando estaba solo, cuando ni siquiera estaba cerca de su compañero de travesuras. Dolía, muchas veces estuvo a punto de volver para pedir ayuda pero se detenía porque en el fondo sabe que ya no tiene a donde ir, ha condenado su estadía con los mortales y eso implicaba un gran esfuerzo que poco a poco lo debilitaba. Pero no puede siempre escapar de la realidad y no por siempre la energía ajena lo podría ayudar a permanecer ahí, no por siempre podría consumir pequeñas vidas para tener la posibilidad de seguir mintiendo. -Napoleón- Llegaron a un acuerdo de que tan solo entre ellos sabrían que existía ese nombre en su persona. -Esto es incómodo- Lo miró extrañado, teniendo que tomar parte de sus brazos para inclinarlo hacía adelante -Claro pero ¿Qué es lo incómodo?- Rodó los ojos ante las ocurrencias del castaño que parecía burlarse de su propia expresión -No finjas que no sabes- no creía en su inocencia -¿De verdad piensas hacerme eso?- preguntaba con la pequeña esperanza conservada en su cabeza de que de verdad estuviera bromeando esta vez -Vamos Jonathan, será divertido- alentó cuando se detuvo ya un poco cansado de estar caminando en reversa mientras era advertido de los obstáculos tras su espalda -¿Qué tiene de malo?- Por la forma en la que lo miro supo que mucho. -No me hace mucha ilusión tener que comprar un nuevo traje con mamá mucho menos el hecho de que ella te quiera comprar uno- muy pocas veces, gracias a su buena fortuna, su madre ha conversado con este y parecían agradarse demasiado, más de lo que su gusto hubiera permitido dado el caso que siempre existirían los datos que avergonzaban –Ya te lo dije, podíamos conseguir uno sin necesidad de vernos en un centro comercial- protestaba sin detenerse a pesar de que el otro nuevamente comenzaba arrástralo de vuelta a casa –Esto es humillante- -¿Existe algo de lo que no te puedas quejar?- Fingió pensar cuando sabe bien que de lo único que no ha sacado ningún pero era de una sola cosa -Valhalla SoundBox- -Tú sí que eres único- burlaba para sacarle la lengua pidiendo que por esa vez pusiera buena cara a su idea prometiendo que ambos se divertirían eso y que faltaba menos de una semana para el baile al que le había invitado –Hazlo por mí ¿Sí?- En un inicio debe admitir que después de haberse confesado y después de días de largas charlas interrogativas todo eso se iba a acabar, un indicio que creyó que era válido fue cuando se dejaron de ver por algunos días al pedir algo de tiempo para poder tragarse toda la sorpresa que había soltado o al menos la que si pensaba decir aparte de que no recuerda mucho de su pasado, la desventaja/ventaja de morir era eso: Olvidas todo lo que alguna vez fuiste o quienes estuvieron ahí, si no se involucra en tu muerte o pensamientos fuertes se esfumaban por ser recuerdos basura que no servirían más que para acumular polvo innecesario. Fuera de eso tampoco es como si valiera mucho recordar lo que ya fue cuando te encuentras muerto sin posibilidad de llevar una vida normal, es decir, no conoce a ningún espíritu que de verdad le haya servido todo su ingenuo para librársela en el mundo de los mortales sin ser castigado o fallado estrepitosamente. No era muy alentador pero al menos sabe que las consecuencias no serán nuevas cosa que tampoco sabe si sea buena motivación ahora que era otro de los que se arriesgaban a probar fortuna donde nunca la hay. -Tu ganas, iremos pero con una sola condición- tiene la ventaja de exigir algo si se iba a ver humillado por tener que verse arreglado de una forma innecesaria a su parecer –Ni se te ocurra llevar el gorro, será divertido ver que ocultas debajo de este- -¿Tengo que hacerlo?- disgustado no le queda más que quejarse si eso es positivo Asintió –Pero si no quieres podemos encontrar otra forma de conseguir los estúpidos trajes o mejor, irnos como estamos- -¡Trato hecho!- -A veces pienso que no eres ni siquiera un adolescente sino un niño que no sabe perder- No lo sabe, por algo sigue ahí. -Cállate y camina- Varios pasos después sumándose con los largos minutos ambos se vieron alistados en espera de que la mujer llegara para poder marcharse los tres a las compras idea propuesta por su dulce pareja que no sabe medir el nivel de caos que eso podría traer en poco tiempo, el hecho de saber que tendría que escuchar los comentarios era vergonzoso ni decir que su pobre madre ni siquiera sabe que está saliendo con él, en realidad, su relación no era secreta pero lo único oficial era entre ellos para evitarse los problemas que ya de por si tiene. Era mejor ahorrarse desde su casa siendo que su padre era algo homofóbico dado que se le crío con esa idea y su madre resultaba ser una gran creyente que juzgaba a las personas por ciertos gustos propios. Si alguna vez les fallo les iba a resultar peor que de verdad quisiera al joven moreno que se ganaba el aprecio de todos los que se propusiera; le hubiera encantado que la historia fuera diferente para no tener miedo de decir que le encantaba. Que era una adoración mala. Y es que ambos estaban tan mal por el otro que congeniaban en ese hecho, de que no podían mantener sus manos quietas por ningún instante cuando llegaban a tomarlas, entrelazarlas solo para hacer que el otro bufara al ver esa acción, como el hecho de tener que sentarse en ese sofá y recorrerse hasta estar literalmente juntos hasta como de hacer la cabeza a un lado para comenzar a fastidiarse ya sea con palabras o mediante acciones que les provocaban más de una carcajada o el propio silencio de cuando decidían mirarse perdiéndose en los tonos diferentes a los que eran, como uno mostraba más vida cuando el otro mostraba la oscuridad que podría conllevar el estar muerto sin ningún camino a elegir. La verdad costaba tanto entender porque hay tanta química en seres que resultan ser muy contrarios, distintos, con metas individuales en la que en ningún momento se vieron planeando estar con una persona parecida pero como a veces las cosas pasan se dicen muchas leyendas como el hecho de que los mortales en realidad nacieron con dos cabezas, cuatro manos y cuatro piernas pero ante el miedo de los dioses de que fueran más poderosos decidieron separarlos para obligarlos a buscar a su otra mitad. Mientras que otros hablaban de un hilo rojo que unía dos seres donde no se podría romper ni cambiar, que se encontraban destinados a estar juntos y ser felices. Algunos dicen que es volver a nacer para re-encontrarte con tu antepasado amor y mantener la llama que alguna vez los unió. Pero absolutamente ninguno te aseguraba que se siente encontrar a la persona indicada ni siquiera llegaban a asegurarte que estarías a su lado pero por la manera en la que se llevaban, en la que lograban sentir y querer podrían arriesgarse a decir que ellos encontraron lo que tanto se relatan en historias, lo que todas las personas o la mayoría espera. Hubiera sido perfecto que resultara diferente, que no se vieran mal ante el ojo crítico de la sociedad pero ellos tampoco podrían ser perfectos, nunca cumplirían las metas de los demás y eso es lo que quizás los llevo a encontrarse, para convertirse en la meta posible del otro; sonaba bien, se sentía bien y no se cansaban de arriesgarse, de tomar el reto que ya llevaba quererse. No se debe pensar mucho para saber que estaban jugando con todo. Que al final estaban atentando contra el propio infierno y sus normas. -Nos atraparan- trato de frenar el moreno cuando Jonathan no pudo evitar abrazarlo por la cintura para besar su mejilla al verlo retado –Para- -Tal vez- puede saber a lo que se enfrenta y ya debería alejarse pero le gusta mucho escuchar la risa que el otro le brindaba siempre que hace eso -¿Por qué? Pensé que esto te gustaba- -Detente, me haces cosquillas- Eran dos adolescentes que sabían que cosas abrían paso a otras, últimamente a Jonathan se le da por verse en conflicto armados mentales cuando ve algunas veces al de orbes como la selva siendo tan dulce e inocente, o como el hecho de que ya empezó a disfrutarlo cada vez que lo encuentra en sus sueños. -Con más razón debo hacerlo- Quieren parar pero a la vez no, tocaban fondo cada vez más, y a ese paso finalmente aquel que sigue odiando al resto de la humanidad va a cometer sus primeras estupideces como un casi adulto que se podía juzgar de vez en cuando aún como un niño, siente que es un patético humano al verse en el mismo saco que los demás y una gran ironía del como antes hubiera rechazado toda clase de contacto cuando la disfrutaba con el de cuerpo delgado comparado con el suyo. Mentiría mucho si dijera que no quisiera hacer una estupidez con este con tal de que ninguno se arrepintiera de haberla hecho solo porque lo hicieron juntos. Dado el caso que lo hicieran porque ahora se encuentran tan ocupados en abrazarse mientras intentaban durar lo mejor posible en ese contacto cálido que podría llenar de calor a ambas almas que comenzaban a tener una enorme necesidad de siempre tener algo con el cual tener la esencia del otro. Comenzaba a empeorar nada más por parte de Sock al tener que abrazarlo por el cuello mientras tomaba la parte más larga del cabello entre sus dedos tan solo alborotándolo. Juzgaría mucho su comportamiento pero hasta los pensamientos se le nublan por momentos, sus momentos. -Ya…- no entiende, no logra encontrarle la lógica al hecho de sentir como hasta las palabras se alargan para luego apagarse y no ser nada, con los ojos cerrados aun seguro de que el otro ni siquiera se ha alejado lo suficiente para no dejarlo sentir seguridad. Le gusta – Nos descubrirán si sigues- -¿Si sigo?- ya comenzaba a encontrarle un lado divertido a tener que esperar –Pero sí parece que de verdad te gustaría que continuara- Debe dejar de jugar con su pobre cabeza cuando se supone que fue quien comenzó hacerlo, no le parece justo ahora verse fracasando hasta en eso. -No creas que de verdad eso me ha gustado- -¿En serio? Yo creo que ha sido todo lo contrario- -¿Jonathan Combs ahora se cree mucho? Vaya, pensé que este día nunca llegaría ¿Dónde está la cámara para guardar este momento tan peculiar? ¡Las nuevas generaciones deben verlo!- Y un segundo basto para que le volvieran a recordar que no ganaría si lo continuaban besando. A veces le sorprende la exactitud que el otro conoce las llegadas de su padre cuando se separo y se arreglo para verse con una cara de amargado la cual ya era muy familiar para todos exceptuando ese gesto invisible que apreciaba desde el otro extremo, ese que presume haberse llevado la victoria. Compararlo con la persona que antes se deslizaba en su puerta al ver todo lo que estaba sintiendo con el ahora que era llegaba a ser un cambio trascendental, seguro, no se reconocían. -Cariño, lamento llegar tarde el trabajo se prolongó más de lo que hubiera pensado ¿Ya se encuentran listos para irnos a una divertida aventuras de compras?- -Mamá son solo compras, no tiene nada de peligroso- -Es porque nunca has vivido una oferta- espetó la mujer –Bien, será mejor que nos marchemos- Salió primeramente la mujer detrás de ella iba Sock pero antes de salir el de ojos metálicos no dudo un segundo en acariciar su mano para salir primero haciendo que tuviera una enorme sonrisa. La verdad, ya no se reconocían, ni lo que era verdad ni lo que alguna vez fue mentira. Otra vez estaba sintiendo un dolor en el estómago como si fuera a vomitar, ahora no era el mejor momento por lo cual optó por poner su mejor cara y pedir ser quien se subiera el asiento trasero para ser un ovillo el cual tuviera que contener todo ese malestar que aparece en los momentos menos oportunos tanto que no permitió que Jonathan se fuera con el. Tan solo iba a \"dormir\" un poco para recuperar de nuevo todo lo que ha gastado en esas semanas que comenzaban a ser duras, en realidad, pareciera que en vez de alimentarse de la energía de otros el mundo se la estaba robando. Comenzaba a ser cada vez más trabajoso. \" -Oh Sowachowski ¿Pero qué sorpresa me tienes aquí? No has traído a ningún alma condenada por haber acabado con su vida ¿Qué tienes que decir al respecto muchacho?- -Mephistopheles…Yo, yo no sé de qué estás hablando.- -¿En serio? Curioso, si mal no recuerdo yo te asigne a un mortal que estaba cansado de todo lo que lo rodea y según mis informes parece que eso está cambiando por un chico- -No sé nada sobre eso- … -Ya veo, no te habrás enamorado de un mortal ¿Verdad?- -Nunca haría eso- -Entonces ¿No te gusta?- -¿Quién?- -Chico te recuerdo que no tienes ninguna oportunidad en el mundo de los mortales, verás, el tiempo será irrelevante pero si tú haces que me empiece a preocupar por esto te advierto que no será lo más ardiente de este sitio. Si en estos días no hay ningún avance me veré obligado a tomar acciones especiales con tu persona- -¿Qué clase de acciones?- -Esto solo han sido advertencias Sock, no me falles por una persona más en el mundo que te olvidaría si tu por algún motivo desapareces, no eres especial, recuerda que todos tenemos una aventura y tu, tu solo vas a ser un vago sueño que recuerde de vez en cuando. Nos vemos pronto en la fogata-\" Real o no, siente que el cuerpo comienza a hervir estrepitosamente para hacerlo sentir que se incendia, que su propio cuerpo se va a calcinar en menos de minutos, hasta en segundos, es doloroso pero no puede gritar dado el hecho de que nadie le brindaría ayuda, es un malestar que no puede soportar y solo le queda removerse hasta casi llorar de dolor. No planeaba durar en esa posición pero solo se encuentra en un lugar oscuro donde nunca más habrá alguien quien lo escuche, que lo salve; lo merece, lo peor de todo es que sabe que es un castigo justificado. Pero no todos lo creerían, no lo verían como era en realidad. -Napoleón- Y comenzaba a sentir que todo se apagaba. -Despierta- Y una luz blanca comenzaba a aparecer en ese lugar desolado brindándole su mano cariñosa para hacerlo sentir bien, querido, protegido. -Llegamos Maxwell- -¿Hm?- Tallando sus ojos se ha dado cuenta que todo eso no ha sido más que una pesadilla mejor dicho una vuelta temporal de donde ha escapado, no tiene escape y ahora lo sabe pero al abrir los ojos para observar a su salvador puede notar cierto brillo, una aclaración de lo que ya de por si era más que imposible. Él nunca sería malo, a veces se sentiría incomprendido pero eso no lo llevaría a convertirse en algo malvado. Lo sabe y ahora le queda confirmado que el contrario es un ángel que está jugando con fuego porque daba el caso que investía el arma que cortaría cada uno de esos pliegos blancos emplumados para condenarlo en ese hostil mundo lleno de desgracias que podrían alcanzarlo para hacerlo sufrir. No lo quiere hacer, si lo hace se llevara un premio, su libertad, no tendrá que verse reviviendo todo lo que ha hecho por toda la eternidad pero si no lo hace le concebirá la alegría que nunca ha visto, podrá verlo volar hasta ser algo que el mundo sepa que valga la pena, que obtenga un lugar en el cielo que el perdió desde hace mucho. Se trata de supervivencia y hubiera deseado, dado todo para que no tuviera que serlo y mucho menos tuviera que depender de sus manos. -Vamos, antes de que esto sea una eternidad para mí- ¿Qué eternidad debería ganar? -De verdad necesito una cámara para esto, no quisiera olvidar el momento- Porque lo va a olvidar por siempre porque quiere escoger no ser el monstruo que todo mundo esperaba. Porque atentaría contra el líder que lo mataría. -No creo que lo puedas olvidar mucho menos yo- -Suena a un reto que quisiera lograr- \" Y aún si fueras un humano más me arriesgare a salvarte porque eres el primer ángel que he visto dar su primer alegría a un demonio\"[Chapter 19] Capítulo 17: Sueños vs Realidades A veces pienso que soy una persona más Pero vuelvo a recordar que ya jamás voy a volver a respirar Y a pesar de que puedo tocarte sé que soy falso Nunca volveré a vivir Y aún con eso en mi contra la realidad se ve distorsionada Porque sueño tanto con ser humano Solo porque adoro tomar tu mano Oh mundo cruel ¿Qué es real? ¿Qué es lo fantástico? Verlo intentando acomodar aquel moño le ha dado diversión, pareciera como si nunca hubiera conocido lo que era hasta ese día en el que le estaban dando instrucciones para poder darle la forma que deseaba pero el pobre castaño solo puede enredarse entre las instrucciones puesto que en realidad el entendía con una vez que se lo mostraran manualmente y dado que el caballero lo estaba dejando solo era razonable que dijera que no servía, que es un listón sin sentido. El de tez blanca por suerte alguna ha sido la víctima de reemplazo, en otras palabras, el será el segundo en probarse trajes si es que alcanzaban dado el hecho de que al otro no le llamaban su atención más de la mitad de los diseños haciendo que apenas y tome una camiseta blanca con unos pantalones rectos casi entubados de color negro más ese moño rosa que simplemente no deseaba ser comprado. -Esto es imposible- quejoso no deja de mirarse en el espejo de cuerpo completo ignorando por todas partes como luce –No quiere acomodarse- -Es porque te lo estás poniendo mal- explicaba antes de tener que recostarse aún más en ese sillón blanco que servía para esperar a sus parejas siempre que tardaran medio siglo en vestirse y decidirse -¿Quieres que te ayude?- -Puedo solo- -¿Seguro?- -Sí- Contaba los segundos con los dedos llegando hasta diez y mirar como con ojos de \"cordero degollado\" le suplicaba que no presumiera si se dignaba a salvarlo. Quiere pensar que lo cumplirá al menos en su gran mayoría –Ven aquí- indicaba mientras se levantaba, el no necesitaba caminar cuando el otro bien podría dirigirse a su lugar Resignado solo arrastro los pies para llegar con un puchero en cara al ver que era patético con eso de las etiquetas, cosa que era normal, nunca ha asistido a un baile y si alguna vez uso un esmoquin alguien de seguro lo había vestido mientras intentaban por lo menos mantener su cabello apacible, cosa que duda mucho. Tiene que mirarlo casi con la sensación de que se encuentran regañándolo por apenas acceder a un poco de ayuda pero el caso es que tiene orgullo y era la mejor razón de haber rechazado cuando bien pudo admitir su fracaso desde un inicio; lo bueno de haberse resistido era que fácilmente podría ver como esas manos firmes le enseñaban a como colocárselo. -Haces que se vea más difícil de lo que parece- molestaba con dulzura antes de tener que alejarse cuando lo terminó –Bien, ahora sí estás listo ya puedes seguir mirándote en el espejo- lo corría para intentar sentarse cuando este ni siquiera lo dejaba inclinarse o flexionar las piernas un poco –Vamos, quiero sentarme no me estés fastidiando cuando ni siquiera te has decidido por un solo traje- -Vamos señor amargado, quiero verme- -Lo has hecho por 15 minutos con ese vestuario- -¿Quién cuenta el tiempo? No es algo importante ahora- -Díselo al horario que mantiene abierto a todas las tiendas- Guiándose por exigencias ajenas tuvo que subir a ese pequeño soporte cubierto por una alfombra blanca brillosa para tener que mirarse a un lado del inquieto muchacho que no dejaba de menear las caderas intentando decidirse si era lo mejor e arriesgándose a lo que ha descubierto parece que le falta algo importante para que eso funcione. Insiste aún cuando lo toma de las manos y hasta la expresión le da la sensación de que está siendo otro. -¿Cómo me veo?- ¿Qué se supone que uno dice en esos casos? Es decir ¿Era directo, halagador, normal o qué? -Como si estuvieras usando un traje sin saco- informó lo más simple que pudo ser –Está bien si te gusta, es decir, solo es ropa, se ve bien- -No creo que de verdad vaya conmigo, siendo que falta algo- -¿Unas alas de avión?- -Muy gracioso Jonathan, mira como me encuentro riendo- tomo su cintura para dar círculos sobre su lugar finalmente dando a entender que le falta cierto movimiento –Hablo en serio, esto es un caos, no es lo que busco- -¿Y qué es lo que buscas?- -No estoy seguro- Bufando no le queda más que escuchar las objeciones ajenas que de verdad nunca encontraría lo que buscaba teniendo que rodar los ojos e huir al asiento que tanto llevaba su nombre porque no soportaba estar de pie en ese lugar sin tener la necesidad abrumadora de dormir una larga siesta si iba a estar en una zona tan anticuada que no permitía escuchar más allá que las dañadas pistas que han puesto en cada uno de los altavoces. Es una tortura permanecer ahí, si de por si entrando tuvieron que cruzar la zona de perfumería que solo dañaba a la pobre nariz que estornudaba pidiendo piedad sobre sus fosas nasales. -Estás bien con eso, no necesitas algo más. Por favor, vámonos- -Tú ni siquiera has probado ningún traje- -Solo necesito uno con mi talla y listo- Esperaba el momento en que dejase de desfilar solo para una persona porque le inquieta demasiado verlo moverse de un lado a otro en busca de entender la esencia que se pierde al utilizar eso pero al ya rendirse solo le queda tirarse junto al rubio mientras dejaba escapar un sonoro suspiro que solo provocaba que rieran ambos. -No lo entiendo, no es lo mismo que cuando uso mi ropa- -Tu ropa ya tiene tu estilo ¿Quizás por eso?- -Mi falda es lo que más me gusta de eso- la campanilla mental sonó dando la respuesta ganadora -¡Vamos!- Apenas se ha visto siendo secuestrado por la energía pura que se mueve en toda la tienda provocando que los trabajadores reclamen su comportamiento inadecuado que no es digno para un muchacho que usa ropa elegante o parte de ella pero a Napoleón esos reclamos entran por un lado y salen por el otro por ser innecesarios en su ahora misión en la cual solo le queda preguntar más de una vez a donde planeaba huir con tanta emoción. No tardo demasiado para sentir que tenía más dudas que respuestas cuando han llegado a la zona de damas donde es seguro que ninguno de los dos debería encontrarse. Enarca la duda al recordar que Maxwell no es como los otros adolescentes. -Espera aquí, no te vayas a mover- Igual, no tiene a donde ir, podrá ser un poco pesimista, desconsiderado con otros, una persona a la que no le emociona muchas cosas entre otros adjetivos poco positivos pero sabe que de todas formas no se marcharía en primera porque no tiene a donde ir, en segunda si se larga es seguro que le obliguen a probarse trajes y tercera por el simple hecho que se quedaría junto a él porque ha dado su palabra no solo en un aspecto de no tomarlo como otros lo hicieron sino en asuntos que los involucraban como una pareja oficial. Seguía sin acostumbrarse mucho al hecho de que le gustase, no era una mala persona es tan solo que, bueno, tampoco es el prototipo deseado que todo mundo espera mucho menos el sexo que un muchacho que entra en su adolescencia espera salir cuando se tiene gustos \"normales\". Antes de que las disputas mentales hicieran su presencia se sentaría en el suelo maldiciendo por ser prohibido de llevar sus audífonos con su persona considerando que era ya casi una extremidad suya la cual si era alejada por cierto límite se ponía de un mal genio. Gracioso ¿No? Pareciera que con todo puede explotar… No puede decir mucho en contra de eso. Van ya varios minutos, en realidad, ya ha perdido la cuenta real desde que lo ha visto huir del escenario haciendo que tomara su cabello ante la desesperación más mirar de reojo a todas las señoras, adolescentes y niñas pequeñas que lo han visto mientras intercambian chismes de que seguramente es un buen novio o que no tenía pintas de ser algo merecedor de una dama; patrañas que no le interesaban. -¿Se ve bien?- -¿Hm?- Alzó la mirada cuando la pregunta fue dirigida a su persona teniendo que encontrarse con una persona que usaba una falda abierta en pliegos al frente de un tono rojizo similar al de su a gorro, debajo de estás llevaba unos pantalones pegados que se moldeaban bien a sus piernas un tanto moldeadas más esa camisa blanca que ha fajado en su mayoría donde al parecer cambio aquel moño rosa por un tono similar a la falda que portaba. Continuaba continuando su melena debajo de su gorro provocando que ansiara por momentos ver la forma en la que era esa melena que no ha visto a lo largo de su inquietante relación. Admitía que le era adorable. -¿Qué dices? ¿Te gusta?- Espera no sonreír dado el caso que no le agrada bastante hacerlo –Se ve bien- delata más de lo que dice pues siente esa mueca que revela que le ha parecido alguien a quien deseaba besarlo. ¿Tan meloso iba a ser ese asunto? -¿Eso es todo?- es demasiado pero no cuesta nada intentar obtener más de lo que ya tiene porque ciertamente es un niño consentido que desea sentir que le entregan todo lo que quiera aparte no puede evitar sobar su brazo porque esperaba verse lindo para la persona que ya estaba siendo el crítico más importante actualmente para su cabeza -¿No puedes decir algo más?- -¿Qué debo decir? No es como si antes hubiera ido de compras con alguien quien no fuera mi madre y casi a mi voluntad- -¿Qué no conoces halagos básicos? ¡Imperdonable! ¿Cómo he terminado de esta forma? Es más ¿Cómo lograste tener pareja?- exageraba intentando encubrir la pena que le daba estar frente a él esperando ser una persona atractiva para su gusto Se puede apreciar la risa del rubio cuando ve al castaño ofendido teniendo que despegarse del suelo para acercarse y tomar la manos morenas entre las suyas excusándose que no debe dar su opinión, ha sido regañado posteriormente de su comentario cuando todo lo que quiere es que ese pequeño capricho sea concedido. A Jonathan no le queda muchas esperanzas, no es como si las tuviera, por la cual solo puede acercar sus labios con los ajenos haciendo que el de orbes esmeraldas contenta la falsa respiración que posee. Se detiene, no hay mucha brecha que los pueda diferenciar. -Luces perfecto, Sock- Escucha ese apodo y siente que se le hiela la voluntad -¿Qué?- El rostro pálido se frunce pero lo deja pasar, tiene que volver a repetirlo o estarían así durante un largo rato y, para ser descubierto por su familia en esa escena, no estaba muy dispuesto –Dije que te ves bien, Napoleón- Puede relajarse, no comprende porque le ha entendido \"Sock\" cuando ni siquiera le ha confesado o dado hincapié a que le diga de esa manera mucho menos porque se presento así cuando fue la voz de su cabeza, debe pensar en otra cosa, su rostro delata muchas veces lo que siente y en esos momentos siente demasiado. Temor en primera, un miedo que no ha vivido hasta ahora que sabe que depende de un delgado hilo de poder seguir existiendo con quien desea; bufo ante el comentario, mostrando esa amplia sonrisa antes de empujarlo. -Ahora tiene más sentido como has podido conseguir a alguien como pareja, no eres tan malo- informaba como si nunca hubieran estado en una relación –Pero a quien le hayas robado el corazón probablemente tenga problemas por haberte aceptado- -¿Tú crees? Porque estaríamos de acuerdo en que le falta varios tornillos en ese caso- -Que divertido eres Jonathan- comentaba con sarcasmo antes de tener que caminar para buscar su ropa, al menos se ha decidido al final por algo No es un consuelo que pueda perdurar por mucho ya que al momento en que se observa frente a un espejo puede ver aquellas alas negras parecidas a las de un murciélago sobresalir sobre su espalda, una cola que terminaba en punta y un par de cuernos que se decoraban unos centímetros más arriba de su frente, ni hablar de su lengua bífida que parecía serpentear cuando dejaba la boca abierta. Es imposible escapar de lo que consiste su existencia, es un demonio, alguien quien no sabe diferenciar lo que es real con lo ficticio porque dado que lo que quiere puede ser tan solo un sueño. Un maravilloso sueño que parece predestinado a terminar con desgracias. Toca su reflejo intentando borrar la imagen con desesperación al temer que no fueran una ilusión óptica dado que si esas extremidades habían salido en el plano existencial en el que se ubica solo ocasionaría pánico entre las masas, un descontrol que no podría manejar por sí mismo y, de las cosas que más le provocan ansiedad, mostrarse totalmente como es: Un pequeño monstruo que podría lastimarlo cuando descubra que lo que conoce sigue siendo una mentira. La ilusión falsa que mantiene porque lo quiere, porque lo necesita, desea ser la razón entre esos pensamientos que solo han cedido ante el querer humano, mantener ese residuo de humanidad que nunca ha perdido a pesar de llevar tras de sí una que otra alma que condeno al infierno al recalcar que la vida es miserable cuando ahora entiende que hay cosas por las cuales aún quedan esperanzas para luchar, para ser fuerte. Ojalá lo hubiera entendido cuando estuvo vivo, cuando respiraba de verdad dado que ahora solo deseaba romper ese espejo que le torturaba con tanta insistencia al mostrar la esencia que llevaría en la sangre demoniaca de la cual debería hacer caso. Debería pero no. No lo hará. Apenas y cuando logra vestirse sale a tropezones teniendo que ser la atención de su alrededor haciendo que solo mire extrañado a todos aquellos que no le dejan de observar con insistencia, como si supieran la verdad en la que siempre se ha visto involucrado hasta terminar por chocar con un hombre alto teniendo que disculparse por su distracción. Cuando alza la vista solo puede entender que debió haber escapado cuando pudo. -¿Acaso has visto a un muerto Sock?- Ojos ámbar que lo miraban con cautela, midiendo todas sus acciones para convertir ese miedo en un juego donde ya se sabe quien ganara, solo hay un camino y a Sowachowski no le complace demasiado saber las opciones que le quedan para poder retomarlo de nuevo. -No eres real- -Tu tampoco lo eres Sowachowski ¿Pensabas que algo imaginario puede siempre existir en un lugar donde la imaginación escasea?- Retrocede unos pasos cuando el de semblante duro comienza a caminar a donde se encontraba. -No vengo a romper tus ilusiones solo estoy haciendo mi trabajo como lo estás haciendo tu ¿No es así?- Quiere asentir pero apenas y puede quedarse mirándole con cierto vacío, si expresa algo incorrecto o algo con tanta fuerza puede ser el error que lo condene a mantenerse en esa condena que trata de evitar con una sola persona, con el único ser que le pudo mostrar simpatía cuando otros solo le dieron la espalda cuando le juzgaron sin tomar en cuenta las emociones que poseía, el dolor que le daba saber que nunca iba a ser normal. -¿Qué hace aquí?- -Solo reviso algunas cosas, papeleo, renovar información y saber el proceso que llevas dado que no tienes nada que ocultar- -No tengo nada que ocultar- repitió en alto cuando ha tenido que tirar la ropa tras suyo para dejar de poner cierta carga a sus palabras -¡Bien! En ese caso no tendrías problemas de venir al infierno conmigo para hablar de ciertas cosas ¿Verdad?- Lo quiere incitar a negarse para empezar a sospechar, ha pasado tanto tiempo alrededor de tantos seres con ese talento que sabe cuándo debe rendirse pero sí lo hace es abandonar el mundo mortal por un tiempo indefinido…estaría abandonando a Jonathan sin decir nada. Pero si se queda todo sería peor. -No le veo el problema siempre y cuando haya calefacción en tu oficina- -Veo que vas entendiendo lo caro que es mantener el infierno con comodidades- Tomó la mano del pelirrojo dejando que lo que vio en el espejo saliera con tal claridad que al inicio fue doloroso, siempre mostraba un cuerpo normal, muy pocas veces se ha visto en la necesidad de mostrar con lo que eran conmemorados cuando han sido entes obedientes a cada uno de los deberes que se les ha encargado. Ahora que lo vuelve a utilizar en un lugar concurrido siente la presión de que sea visto por su alrededor. -Sí, creo- Vio aquel pentagrama aparecer frente suyo siendo obligado a caminar a ese punto negro en el cual es imposible visualizar algo que no fuera como el cuerpo de su jefe era tragado por la oscuridad para proseguir con su mano hasta sumirse en la totalidad de ese nuevo lugar incierto que tardo en adaptarse a la oficina que reconocía, ese punto en el que algunos entraban y salían ya sean por deberes o por otros motivos que nunca se lograban aclarar. Ha tomado asiento como el primer día en la que se vio ahí extrañado puesto que esperaba estar sufriendo como siempre se dice en historias y creencias pero en vez de eso estaba como esa vez, mirando al frente en espera de alguna información, un reclamo o sea lo que quisiera aclarar en esos momentos en los que su mente se mantiene ocupada porque evitar la preocupación es algo complicado cuando lo siente con una gran intensidad. -¿Sabes por qué te he traído aquí?- -¿Por qué tú me lo has pedido?- Risas, la habitación parece concentrarse en jugar con su cabeza. -Porque hay algo mal en tu objetivo, Sowachowski, el tiempo se agota- Sorprendido quiere rematar que nunca le ha puesto un límite. Tal cual como si leyeran su cabeza parece que le van aclarar todas sus dudas. -No vas a querer incendiarte- Entendió aquel juego de palabras.[Chapter 20] 1, 2, 3, 4 Pasos suaves que mecen el corazón 4, 3, 2, 1 Es hora de decir adiós Así que abrázame fuerte y mantenme en tus brazos Has que este baile dure una eternidad Porque el momento de la verdad ha de llegar Y no prometo estar para la pieza final Silencio, un mortal silencio. ¿Por qué seguiría ahí? Después de aquel juego de palabras, el infierno en persona se había retirado con un eco insistente y doloroso; \"No podrás salir tan fácil de aquí\", manteniéndolo preso en la oficina, sentado, mirando al techo con el arduo deseo de traspasarlo, cosa completamente imposible dado que en ese plano existencial era como una persona, un ser tan poco poderoso que no podía usar poderes que solo se le concedían en el mundo mortal. Tan inútil, tan solo y \"mortal\", un adolescente con un cargo de demonio obligado a realizar un labor aún siendo cualquier otro en las tierras del inframundo; quiere volver, no puede estar seguro de cuanto pueda pasar en aquel lugar, no importa si solo fueran segundos o unos cuantos míseros minutos, era necesidad el hecho de regresar para hacerle saber que estaba bien y que nada malo estaba ocurriendo aún si consistía en mentir más y más. ¿Por qué simplemente no decía la verdad? Lo estaba empeorando, podría perderlo, podría...lo estaba condenando a algo que nadie merecía. ¿Por qué, por qué lo hacía? Demasiados sentimientos, su cabeza no lograba almacenarlos todos, eran muchos, lo consumían, lo atormentaban como lamentos buscando piedad ¿Era normal que su cabeza doliera tanto como su pecho? ¿Por qué sentía tanto dolor ahora que estaba lejos? Es como si lo comprimieran, como si estuvieran estrujando todos sus huesos o aplastaran su poca existencia. Incomprensible, debería ser una imposibilidad que lograse demostrar aquellas sensaciones si ahí todo literalmente estaba muerto ¿Entonces de dónde salía el sufrimiento? ¿Dónde estaba el sentido de eso? De un momento a otro empeoro, al inicio estaba tranquilo, inquieto por querer regresar pero tranquilo y, ahora que estaba en el final, estaba sintiéndose acabado, miserable, un verdadero villano. No había nadie para que le hicieran sentir así ¿Será su subconsciente? ¿Acaso su lado más razonable estaba hablando? Dolía, no quería que sucediera. Comenzaba a marearse a tal punto que vomitaría el alma, o bueno, lo que sea que aún mantuviera dentro de ese cascarón. Estaba pasando algo malo, muy malo, se desvanecería en el suelo si tan solo pudiera porque lo mejor que podría lograr era hacerse un ovillo para dar un largo respiro vacío. Inhalar. Exhalar. Inhalar. ¿A quién diablos le importaba respirar bien cuando juraba que estaba por desfallecer nuevamente? Es decir ¿Cómo puede sentirse tan...desastroso? Fue como la vez en que se separaron solo que con la gran diferencia de que aquí no era simplemente tristeza, no, también la felicidad lo estaba inundando, chocaban cada uno de estos, desde el resentimiento hasta la esperanza, un desastre que daba jaqueca, que lo confundía, que lo culpaba. ¿Trataba de olvidar acaso todo lo que ocasionaba? ¿Se esforzaba por creer que solamente era inocente cuando las pruebas declaraban lo contrario? ¿Cuándo comenzó a pensar todo eso? Necesitaba relajarse, volver al comienzo, reencontrar lo que estaba perdiendo entre tantas inseguridades que no lo habían afectado hasta ahora. Ni en vida sufría lo que estaba pasando entre esas paredes blancas y sencillas. -Parece que alguien no está disfrutando su estadía- Curioso, apenas aquel ente entra sin previo aviso todas las alteraciones se desvanecían y dejaban que la neblina dejara de ensombrecer sus pensamientos. -¿Qué-?- -¿Qué es lo que sucede? Son solo sentimientos Sowachowski, pensé que te había quedado claro que incluso esos insignificantes pensamientos sobre ajenos eran peligrosos ¿Creías que sentirlos no iba a tener un costo?- Comenzaba a perderse – No lo entiendo- La burla nace con crueldad, la suficiente para que aumente cuando se acerca como una serpiente a su presa – Parece que alguien quiere extinguir sus llamas- tomó entre sus manos la melena descubierta al no existir esa gorra por ahora -¿O acaso trata de ocultarlas de alguien quien las controla?- Pecho pesado, algo lo quería tirar abajo. Quizás el pecado de amar a un humano o el hecho de saber que al final todo estaría terminado. -No trato de ocultar nada, no estoy atentando contra nadie- insiste en esas mágicas palabras que espera y puedan sacarlo de la lista del trabajo. -Eres un adolescente, las hormonas florecen incluso cuando la tierra no sea la mejor para su desarrollo ¿Cómo se que no te estás enamorando? O mejor dicho, que olvides lo que eres por alguien quien jamás te vería si supiera la verdad- Alerta, todo su sistema se despierta. -El no...yo no...- -¿No qué?- Miró sus ojos, no puede intimidarse. No puede delatar todo lo que estaba pasando. Debe ser fuerte, necesita serlo. -Nunca estaría enamorado de ese sujeto- ¿Lo estaba diciendo? ¿De verdad había dicho eso? -¿Por qué lo estaría?- Mentiras dolorosas, cortan su cuello como si tuviera mil cuchillas atravesando su traquea. Incrédulo finge con su gran sonrisa, llevando sus dedos largos al rostro tostado para que presione con \"cariño\" sus mejillas – Así mismo Sock ¿Por qué te enamorarías de algo que te aborrecería si supiera tu real objetivo? Es decir, un demonio con un mortal ¿No es algo peculiar? Tus instintos homicidas despertarían en algún momento, tu anhelarías asesinarlo como en un inicio o mejor aún- pauso – Darle perfectos motivos para que extinga su insignificante vida para que pueda cumplir su tortura aquí abajo, no es como si hubieras sido hecho para algo que no fuera eso, era tu destino- Palabras sigilosas que se mantuvieron profundas incluso en su mirada, la misma que ve ciegamente y creía en que eso era una vil mentira. -¿Por qué alguien iba a querer a su verdugo?Después de todo, tu lo estás llevando a la guillotina, ¿No? Porque eso mismo es lo que haces ahora- Llanto, es lo que buscaría ahora en la soledad de la muerte que roza a una vida de mentira, porque está sintiéndose tan débil como una persona normal; y no debería, no debe sentir de esa manera o eso es lo que ahora cree que es lo mejor. No lo sabe, está perdido -¿Cuál es el problema entonces?- cuestionó, con más duda en su interior de lo que mostraría en el exterior – Estoy haciendo lo que quieres- -¿De verdad lo haces?- No dijo nada, no es como si pudiera ni quisiera delatarse o defenderse, mentir o decir la verdad era mucho peor que mantenerse en silencio intentando no revelar nada. Porque de eso depende todo lo que conoce y aún desconoce. Pero a veces lo peor es lo que se necesita para salir de una situación así. Porque lo peor lo ha sido su persona. -Sí- Sigue jugando con fuego. Está a punto de incendiarse y volverse una ceniza de mentiras. -Veo que aún no ardes, me alegra ver que aún recuerdas cual es el objetivo de todo esto- Lo han soltado, es libre o es lo que quiere suponer. No entiende cuando todo se vuelve un juego de palabras difícil de entender. -No vayas hacer combustión instantánea cuando vuelva- Nuevamente el portal se encuentra frente suyo, puede irse sin saber que ha sucedido del otro lado o lo que ha provocado cuando tuvo que dejar su ilusión atrás para volver a lo que sí es real. -Y Sowachowski- Se detuvo cuando dio los primeros pasos para volver a \"casa\". -Disfruta ese baile que tanto has estado anhelando- Giro sobre si mismo para enfrentar lo desconocido ya conocido. -¿Pero como lo- Y algo lo trago para volverlo a la oscuridad total. No sabe donde esta, ni con quien o si al menos ha llegado a un lugar real, solo siente algo frío y húmedo con una combinación de suavidad, algo está murmurando, piden su nombre o le da la sensación de que es así. Acarician lo que se supone es su cara, tratan con amabilidad su textura; es cálido...familiar, le da la sensación de que es un tacto que siempre reconocería más cuando su nombre comienza a ser claro en un tono femenino que le hacía sentirse tan calmado, como si lo durmieran para que alcanzará sueños bellos y claros. Incluso con la incertidumbre que provoca sentir que no se encuentra en ninguna existencia con el simple hecho de que ese eco se aclare cada vez más para pertenecerle era lo mejor que se le podría brindar. \"Todo está bien cielo, no tienes nada de qué preocuparte\". Suena de una manera perfecta, como describirían la melodía de un ángel, le hacía sentir que era demasiado buena pero ¿Quién? ¿Quién era? ¿Por qué sabe que lo era? \"No eres una mala persona solo eres especial pero eso no te hace un peligro, eres Napoleón, eres el tesoro que no cambiaría por nada\". ¿Por qué era tan dulce? \"Harás lo correcto, lo sé\". ¿Qué era correcto? ¿Qué exactamente era lo que haría? ¿Por qué lo sabía? \"Es momento de despertar cariño, sigue lo que creas mejor para ti\". Una voz desconocida... y aún así siente que ha estado consigo toda la vida... O su persona es el mismo extraño que se alienta fingiendo ser otra. -¿Napoleón?- Es lo más fuerte que puede captar ahora sus oídos. Y sabe que no es el mismo. -¿Uh?- -¿Estás bien?- Poco a poco lograba abrir los ojos, estaba en un lugar nuevo pero conocido, no recuerda haber estado en la habitación del rubio mucho menos que este lo viese como si acabara de ver a una persona resucitando. -¿Qué sucedió? ¿Qué hacemos aquí?- -Te desmayaste ¿No lo recuerdas?- ¿Cuándo? ¿Cuándo y cómo pasó? -¿De qué estás hablando?- -Te encontré tirado en el suelo, no despertabas pero parecía como si trataras de hablar, decir algo- -¿Decir qué?- -No estoy seguro pero parecía que era algo muy importante ¿Recuerdas lo que era?- Niega con la cabeza, no sabe que deseaba contar -¿Tu recuerdas algo de lo que quisiera decir?- -Era como si desearas decir \"culpable\"- -Creo que has de haber entendido mal- O es quien trata de no seguir con la discusión de que era lo que de verdad debía pasar. -Pero es lo menos importa ahora ¿Lograste hacer las compras con tu madre?- -En realidad conseguí manejar la camioneta de vuelta a casa- -¿Y no estamos muertos?- Puede sentir como lo golpean con una almohada, al menos la tensión disminuyo, la suya principalmente. -Es más probable que tú me mates antes- Rieron o al menos trato de hacerlo, esos chistes comenzaban a darle más que pensar de lo que normalmente lo harían antes. -Pero dudo que sea peor que el hecho de tener que asistir a un baile con traje y corbata, la ventaja es que te llevo a ti y pasará algo interesante por ese hecho- -No tienes ni idea- susurró -¿Qué?- -Yo no dije nada ¿Tú sí?- ¿Era seguro asistir a ese sitio? ¿Podría ir sin que nada saliera mal? Puede ser que tan solo estaba paranoico y solo necesitaba descansar de aquel castigo que le dieron por desafiar a los demás, específicamente, a los que debería aceptar como una parte de su vida real. Interrumpió el silencio cuando su mente dejó de procesar -Jonathan ¿Te quedarías conmigo sin importar lo que pase?- Era algo inesperado, es consciente, pero debe tener una respuesta que le pueda brindar seguridad. -¿Por qué esa pregunta?- -Curiosidad- Han depositado un pequeño beso en su frente como si fuera un crío asustado. -No hay motivos por las cuales deba alejarme- Mostró calma, una que se volvía cada vez más falsa, si pasaba algo, si hacía algo... ¿Cómo le podrían asegurar que no ocasionaría algún tipo de desastre? -Pero es mejor que descanses un poco, aún no estoy seguro de porque te has desmayado de improvisto- -No es algo que tenga importancia, ya estoy aquí, lo estoy- Sabe que lo mira como a un extraño, como si aquello no pudiera salir de sí. ¿Es acaso que ha cambiado tanto? -¿Seguro que estás bien? ¿Acaso has comido algo en mal estado? ¿O no tener tu gorra te afecta más de lo esperado?- -Lo dice quien casi parece vivir pegado a esa sudadera- Pueden seguir discutiendo de esa manera por un buen rato; ojalá pudiera hacerlo hasta el día del baile y así poder evitarlo aún si iba contra todo lo que hubiera deseado en un inicio. Comienza a ser todo complicado. Puede sentirlo, sabe que el tan ansiado día ha llegado al fin, tan solo es tenerse que mirar en un espejo mientras el traje de tres piezas comienza a ser acomodado incluyendo la falda que había deseado, arreglando su cabello o al menos haciendo el intento de eso; lo adorna con un moño del mismo tono que ha escogido como regalo de su pareja en esa ocasión. Trata de hacer tiempo, lleva un buen rato en la habitación, tan solo quiere volver asegurarse que todo lo que ocurrió en esa oficina no era más que un susto para darle un escarmiento por el hecho de seguir mintiendo no solo a su víctima sino que su propio jefe se veía involucrado en esa maraña de cosas extrañas que provocaba por tratar de mantener ambas cosas de pie sin que hubiera ni un solo herido, aunque era más probable que quien estuviera con la soga al cuello era quien no dejaba de mover ese moño una y otra vez porque no dejaba esas malditas palabras atrás; se estaba torturando solo, tal vez era ese el objetivo. Pero sabe que todo parece estar mal cuando el mismo Mephistopheles aparece en el espejo, estirando una mano hacia él. -¿Bailamos? N/A: No, no me digan cuanto tiempo me he desaparecido, ya sé que fue mucho, pero hoy amanecí con tan buen humor que me puse a checar nuevamente el capítulo hasta darle un enfoque mejor al que estaba hace un rato, y no se preocupen, no está abandonado, pero como en fechas actuales he conseguido un empleo y los estudios no se facilita de todo pero eso no significa que lo deje. Espero que este capítulo valga la pena para ustedes. Os quiero, muchas gracias por todo el amor que aún me han dejado en los comentarios. ","Summary":" SOMBRAS ENCANTADORAS Porque todos aquellos grandes romances terminaron en tragedia ¿Pero qué pasaba"},{"Movie":"3:10 to Yuma, 2007","Title":"Charlotte Prince","Author":"ArtyQ5O","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5640331","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is my very first 3:10 to Yuma fanfic! Yay! I really love the movie, and Charlie! Anyways, please R&R; and enjoy! I'm planning on more chapters by the way…if anyone reviews. The flames in the fireplace crackled in the coldness of the death-filled house. They sounded like twigs snapping an eerie loud spark cracked; she jumped in her seat. The omnipresent sound of the rain hitting the roof made her shake. The leak in the roof hit the old tin can with a constant ping. No other sounds were made between the two living people in the house. Nothing could go right . She told herself, when another voice entered her head, Oh! It's because nothing has gone right! But it wasn't the fire, the cold air, or the rain that gave her chills. It was the man sitting across from her. The man she hadn't seen in years. The man she once called her brother. She looked up at him, eyes running over him. He looked terrible. His hair was a mess, his face unclean, unshaven at that too. Yet, she couldn't help but look at him. He had grown up so much since the last time she'd seen him. But he's grown up in the wrong hands, she thought. \"What?\" He growled, watching her every move. \"Nothing.\" The woman muttered, resting her chin in the palm of her hand. She took a long sideways glance at him, he looks like ma, she thought. Mother had the long blonde hair and green eyes, he has blue, I got the green eyes. \"So when'd she die?\"He broke the silence. She swung her head around, glaring at him, peering into his cold eyes, biting on her lip. Well should I say anything? She thought. \"Well, ya' got something' to say?\" He said, crossing his arms. She swore she saw dirt and whatever else was on that jacket of his, wipe off on her chair. Why'd he come? He'd make life so much easier if he wasn't here. He egged her on to say something when he raised his eyebrows in an annoyed look. \"Charlie-\" She started, but was cut off. \"Oh my gosh, praise the Lord!\" He howled, \"You 'membered my name! I was beginning to think there was somethin' else in that tea of yours!\" She scoffed, sitting up straight and now completely facing him. \"Charlie, why'd you come?\" \"Cause I wanted to see you.\" He muttered, lying. \"Tell me the truth, Charlie. Why are you here? Are you gonna rob me like everyone else?\" \"Well, I don't know 'bout you…but our mother just died, I decided to pay my respect. So why are you here?\" He smirked. Her eyes went wide. \"You're kidding me?\" she mumbled to the ceiling. \"Charlie…I don't know how to put this but.\" She paused; a sudden smirk came across her face, the same one Charlie does, but it disappeared in an instant, \"I. Live. Here.\" \"Oh! So it ain't cause our mother just died, I knew it, I knew you was selfish from the beginning.\" He said, throwing a 'you will not win this fight' look. \"Charlie…you should just go. I can take care of everything.\" Charlie pursed his lips, as if actually thinking about leaving, \"Nah.\" He finally said. \"Charlie.\" She growled. \"Charlotte.\" He retorted in the same tone. \"They say siblings understand each other and shit…but I aint' getting the same signal from you.\" Charlie flashed a bright smile at his sister. \"Charlie Prince, get out!\" She screamed, jumping out of her chair. \"Jeez, calm down Charlotte, calm. Caaaalm.\" He laughed, as he sat cross-legged and brought his hands up in the air, humming, \"Oh Lord!\" She said slapping her hand to her forehead. \"Hey, no need to bring the Lord into this.\" She glared at him, \"Charlie, I don't know how you got here, or how you figured out that mom even died! But I really don't care. Even if you came with the goodness of your heart…I just want you to leave.\" Charlie got out of his guru-like pose, blinked, than stood up, stretching. \"Alrighty then.\" She watched in amazement, as her brother got up and left. He reached for the door handle, waiting for some last words. He was about to open his mouth to talk but Charlotte spoke first, \"And Charlie…don't come back.\"[Chapter 2] No one came, no one even would. The last name Prince was disgraced upon everywhere around. Everyone knew the young outlaw, notorious for his point-blank killings. But no one knew the older sister, Charlotte. She was almost forgotten. The last shovel full of dirt fell on her mother's grave, yes; she had to bury her mother herself. Because she couldn't set a toe into town, she couldn't get medicine for her mother. The regular home grown herbs wouldn't have helped in her condition anyways. She died of a rattlesnake bite. It started in the foot, and worked its way up destroying her limbs. So the burial was light, it was almost all desecrated flesh. \"God rest your soul.\" Charlotte said, putting a yellow field flower on the dirt mound. She wiped the sweat from her brow and walked towards the leaning barn, towards her happier life. It was here where it all began. Charlotte truly knew something wrong was destined for Charlie. So Charlotte thought of the long put away memory…She was 6 he was 9. \"Well, I think someone's comin'. You can keep that!\" A distant voice said. Charlotte opened the door to the barn, \"Charlie? It's supper, who were ya' talking to?\" \"Nobody.\" He said, shoving the gun he had farther down his pants pocket. \"What do you have?\" She asked curiously. \"Nothing!\" Charlie growled. \"Charlie…show me, I won't tell! Is it 'nother rattler?\" \"No…it's The Hand of God!\" He said, smiling toothlessly. Charlotte laughed, \"The what? \" Charlie smiled some more, back then Ben Wade wasn't so infamous. He was just starting out as a regular jailer. \"The Hand of God\" wasn't even a famous gun. Charlotte's laughing smirk disappeared when she saw what Charlie pulled out of his pocket. A black hand-gun with a cross on the side, smoothly etched onto the handle. Her eyes went wide, \"Charlie, get rid of that!\" He pulled it back, \"No! Mr. Wade gave it to me as a present!\" \"Who is Mr. Wade?\" She would soon remember that name, the name that tore her family apart. Charlie did the unthinkable, he shot the gun. He was at good aim with longer barreled guns, as were most farm kids, but this was his first time shooting a small hand held one. He missed Charlotte's neck by an inch. Meanwhile a younger Ben Wade smiled through the cracks of the barn; he knew the young Charlie Prince was a start. The news would be buzzing about a nine year old. Ben could see it in Charlie's eyes when he first talked to him. He wasn't afraid of him, he wanted that gun, and he wanted to make a kill. Well, maybe not now at this age. Soon enough though. Wade was going to teach Charlie. He knew Charlie could do the rest by leaving his family and coming with him. \"Mamma!\" Charlotte screamed running out of the barn. Charlotte didn't know it but she was crying, crying like she did when she was 6 running for her mother. She leaned against the barn beams, her horse snorted, as it dipped its head over the fencing and tried to eat her hair. \"Stop it.\" She gently pushed the horses head over. An idea popped into her mind, \"I bet you wanna go for a ride, don't you girl?\" The horse coincidentally whinnied. \"I bet you wanna' track down my long lost brother…and get him, don't you?\" She said, bringing the horses head to hers. \"You're faster than any horse out there.\" Her horse moved its head as if agreeing with Charlotte. Charlotte smiled, \"Alright, alright, I'll go change, and we will go. But first, I need a light a few things afire.\" Charlotte was changed and ready for the ride, a large smoke stack came from the burning barn. Don't worry, her horse and tackle was all prepared and next to her. \"Trust me, horsey, you'll have plenty of food.\" Charlotte had the large diamond ring in her hand, she frowned and threw it threw an open window of her house. Lighting the match she threw it on a curtain, and left locking the door out of habit. The house quickly started burning, \"Now that's what I call a one match fire!\" She laughed, mounting her grey and white horse. \"I'll be chasing a legend soon.\" Charlotte said, before kicking her horse to go. A/N: I know I normally put these at the TOP of my writings, but I just thought everyone would want to get to the writing first then this. For me…it's Cocoa Fucking Wheaties. Greatest thing, ever! They're my breakfast sustenance for school! Yum yum yum! But thank you for the two people who reviewed on my last chapter, I actually redid that chapter. There aren't a lot of changes that you would see, but they get pointed out later on. Also, I redid this chapter four different times, it was so hard trying to get everything just right, and even now it's still not perfect! Please tell me if I'm making Charlotte too great. Or if Charlie ever gets out of character. I'm trying to keep it all real, but it's bloody hard! (That's what she said.) This book will clash with the movie. :D I edited the age of them.[Chapter 3] A/N: Thank you guys so much for the perfect reviews! It makes me all happy! And the added to favorites or alerts, it's awesome! Whoo-hoo! By the way, Charlie is 26 in this fanfic. There's rumor that during the time of the movie, he was around 31. So, guess what that means? It's before the movie! Oooooh! Tricky! Also, I tried to find the part where it mentions what kind of gun Charlie has, I hear schofield. Now I don't know if its right, but word corrected me. Sorry, but a super short update.:D Enjoy, guys! It was a late night when Charlie finally made it back to Ben Wade. \"Where were you?\" Wade growled. \"If I told you, you wouldn't believe me.\" Charlie smirked. Ben Wade looked at him, \"Never seen you smile like that before, Charlie. You visitin' a lady friend?\" Charlie chuckled, \"No, well actually in a sense, yes. \" When it came to Ben Wade. There was a line of respect and loyalty, Charlie would change his southern slang just for him. He wasn't in love with him. He treated Ben Wade as a father, or an idol. In a sick revengeful murderous new religion. Ben had picked up Charlie 17 years ago. God, was it really that long ago? Ben thought. He remembered the fire in his eyes when he first shot \"The Hand Of God.\" Which he took back in replace of his Charlie's first gun. The schofield. Which has been, for 17 years, his gun. \"So who's the lucky lady?\" One of the gang members snickered. Charlie decided to ignore them for the night. A big day was tomorrow. Something with taking over another small town. Raping and pilaging, the usual. Later...to the ending of chapter 2. \"Charlotte Prince.\" An old women pointed to her friend, they both got up leaving swiftly. The store clerk took a double take at who walked in. The atmosphere automatically tensed up. I obviosly did not go 113 miles to shoot someone in this damned town. \"Do you honestly think I'm going to shoot you?\" Charlotte said grimly walking up to the counter, demanding; \"I need 25 rounds.\" Well, that only made everything else worse. \"Get the hell out of my store, woman.\" The clerk said, he was leaning over the counter, one hand on it and the other beneath it. The hand beneath the counter was grasping a gun. \"Alright, good to do business with you too.\" Charlotte said. I wish I could be like Charlie and shoot people when they don't give me what I want. Damn. Lucky bastard. Speaking of shooting people, two shots went off, and it went down hill from there... A/N: By the way, in chapter 2 I edited their ages, Charlie is now the older one by three years.[Chapter 4] A/N: Hey! Look! An update! YAY! I just wanted to say thanks for all the nice reviews! (Rockndasha and HarleyQuin669) You guys are great! By the way, thank you for adding me to your favorites and alerts list! You guys are the greatest! So, enjoy! More gunfire went off, more screams screamed out. Charlotte and the manager were now the only ones in the store. Charlotte muttered, \"If those women weren't so superstitious, they'd be alive.\" \"Oh quit your waggin' tongue women, it's probably 'cause of you that they're robbing this shit-piss-little town anyways!\" Charlotte glared at him, \"Just give me the rounds, and I'll be on my way.\" A few more shots went off, they both instinctively ducked. \"What? Like you got a gun. Where's it hidden? In your corset somewhere?\" He snickered, making an obvious look towards her chest, in turn where he raked his unsettling eyes over her body. Charlotte gagged on the inside, she watched him do it too. \"They'll be in here soon.\" She said, changing the subject. \"I know.\" Said the man, \"There's nothing I can do except give 'em the money.\" \"You won't even put up a fight?\" She said, raising her voice. More shots were fired. \"Lady, if I put up a fight, they'd shoot me. Did …Charlie…shootcha' in the leg?\" He said Charlie as if it were poison. \"I don't want to make small talk right now, when I could've killed everyone here!\" Charlotte shouted, slamming her hands on the counter. \"Nice display ya' got there.\" It took Charlotte awhile to figure out that he was talking about her breasts. She was coincidentally leaning over the counter showing some cleavage. Her eyes went wide, and she straightened herself out. \"You're disgusting.\" Charlotte growled, it was now her dying wish that if her gun was actually loaded, she'd first use it on him. Someone ran into the small store, holding their bleeding arm. \"Hide! By the love of God they're out to get everybody!\" He ran our through the back door. Charlotte and the manager didn't pay any attention. Everything in their conversation got a step higher, they talked faster, knowing they'd be running out of time soon. \"Why do you ask if he shot me in the leg?\" \"You're gimpin' on it.\" Those were the last words he said to Charlotte. To anyone. She watched him slowly fall down, slamming his chin on his side of the counter and collapsing onto the floor, where he would bleed to death. The door had swung open and slammed shut, breaking it off its hinges. Charlie Prince stood in the aftermath of the problem. Well, now I didn't have to waist a bullet. Charlotte thought. \"Any,\" He dragged any out, \"Pinkertons in this Godforsaken town, are finally taken care of.\" His right hand held the Schofield still blowing smoke from its small round barrel. Yes, Charlie shot the man at his entrance. Narrowly missing Charlotte, herself. Charlotte's heart panicked, Charlie didn't know it was her. He was right there. Right there! But her gun was empty. Her fists clenched at the counter until the knuckles were white. She could hear and feel Charlie's footsteps towards her. They were slow, leaning on each foot as he sauntered towards her. She wanted to make him feel embarrassed that if he tried to make a pass to her, he'd soon realize it was his sister. \"Name's Charlie Prince.\" The classic, Charlotte thought. She felt his presence next to her; he leaned on one elbow against the counter. Charlotte wasn't facing him. Before Charlie could say any other words, she back-handed him. She heard him growl, she could just picture his arm up at the cheek that got hit. Instinctively checking for blood for how bad it burned. He grabbed Charlotte's shoulders and whipped her around so they're faces were only inches apart. It hurt, it was whiplash. Charlotte bit her tongue, \"Charlie, you'll never have luck with ladies if ya' keep hitting on me.\" She laughed. Charlie's eyes flashed back and forth checking that it was his younger sister. She saw an array of emotions go through his eyes. For people who don't speak or show their feelings through voice and body language. It will always most defiantly show in they're eyes. Charlie's hands dropped from her shoulders. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" His voice changed from nice-wanting-a-girl-Charlie to bad-cowboy-Charlie. \"You don't really want to know, and besides, I'm Charlotte Prince . I can do whatever the hell I want.\" She mocked him. She saw anger in his eyes again. Then again, that's all he ever had in them. Those sadistic blue orbs. \"Charlie!\" The tough voice called out. \"I'm in here boss!\" Charlie called out gruffly, \"Jackson's got most of the money, it's in the coach!\" \"You change everything for him, don't you Charlie?\" She dragged his name out. \"Don't play this sick mind games with me, Charlotte. Go home. You don't belong here.\" He pointed at her when he said you. \"Just a couple of days ago, you wanted to be with me.\" She shot back, hiding the fact that she came here to kill him. Maybe a decent conversation would be a nice change! \"Just a couple of days ago, I heard a rumor that you or ma' had died. I had to figure out who.\" Charlie growled, he sounded impatient. \"So you truly don't care about anyone.\" Charlotte said, more as a statement then a question. \"Nope.\" He said coldly, \"Don't care for anyone. \" Charlotte walked to the window, looking out quickly. She saw five men dead in the street, a horse dragging a man stuck in the stirrup, and parts of Wade's gang looting up as much as they could into a tiny coach. She heard one of them say, \"Never thought we'd get this much from this town!\" They were all busy; they wouldn't care what would be going on now. She swiftly advanced towards Charlie, No more decent conversation now. He's here, and I'm going to finish him. Her hand went at his throat where they backed up against the wall. She wasn't squeezing his throat… yet . So Charlie made no movement to defend himself. \"Give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.\" She demanded, staring down into his eyes. \"Because, you know I'm going to win.\" He said psychotically. She got close to his face, hitting his head against the wall, \"A better reason.\" There was a tumbling noise, they looked at what happened. Her gun had fallen out with her movements, it spun towards the door. Charlie smiled, \"Because you're gun just fell out of a questioning place.\" \"Oh shut up!\" Charlotte growled, she reached down at his holster and grabbed his Schofield. Charlie watched her raise it up to his chin, she cocked it, and Charlie bit back. He acted so calm and collected, as if he were threatened by his own gun and his sister, daily. \"Hold it right there, miss.\" A voice broke the anxiety. Charlotte looked over, it was Ben…Wade. \"Looks like you got my boy pinned up, Charlie, how'd you get like that?\" Ben Wade chuckled. \"Well, you told me not to hit girls.\" Charlie smiled back. Charlotte was getting annoyed, they thought this was funny? \"Ya, but I didn't tell you you couldn't shoot at 'em.\" Ben said, quickly drawing The Hand of God out and shooting it in one graceful motion. The Schofield was forever ruined, he had shot it out of her hand. Charlie took advantage of this and grabbed Charlotte's arms. Charlotte was so much in shock she never even noticed, she was still looking at Ben Wade. More in awe then in anger. \"What's your name?\" Ben asked, stepping towards Charlotte who was completely doe eyed in his presence. To Wade, she was just another object, another prize to claim. Women, He thought, are the perks to being shot. Charlie watched Charlotte, he was still in apprehension that she was even here. Charlotte never realized how captivated she was by Ben Wade. She never thought she'd be awestruck by him. However, Charlotte was so irritated and flustered by everything that had happened, the only words she could make out were, \"Char\" and \"t.\" Then something insane happened, her knees gave way and she fell to the ground. She had unexplainably fainted right before Ben Wade and Charlie Prince. And this was only the beginning.[Chapter 5] A/N: In the last chapter, Does anyone else find this line rather, perverted? \"Oh shut up!\" Charlotte growled, she reached down at his holster and grabbed his Schofield. (; I didn't think so! Haha! Now just think if I had put gun! Haha(; Now! I hope you all enjoyed the long update, while you're all suffering and waiting for me. I am sipping smoothies and sitting atop of an elephant. Ok, so just sipping smoothies. This Chapter is like chapter 4, only from Charlie's POV. Kind of, it's mainly me following Charlie this time! By the way, thank you Rockndasha, for being so ever faithful to this story! Love the reviews! Now! Normally I would wait to post this, but since it's written and completed, I thought, why not post it? So I did. Enjoy! \"Wake up ladies!\" Ben Wade called out to his sleeping gang members. It was a total of four. Four ruthless, bloodthirsty, vengeful men who had lost everything or at least something. If it being a wife, girlfriend, money, or a ranch. They chose to be in gangs because it was the greatest way to get money, and actually have fun doing they're job. Who doesn't think shooting Pinkertons and unarmed men is fun? It'd had been there first gather up since 6 months ago. Now obviously Charlie was with Ben, they were scouting out coaches, waiting for the big ones. Charlie was like a son to Ben, Ben never got sick of Charlie's loyalty. \"Wake up, Jackson!\" Ben said, kicking his foot. Charlie was already up and on his horse waiting. Being impatient already in the early hours, he shot off his gun, \"Wake up, bitches.\" He laughed. Ben nodded at Charlie, and in that nod it said thanks. It also said that Charlie could move out. So he did, hastily kicking his horse so he could reach the town first. \"Did Charlie already leave?\" Jackson growled. \"Ya, and maybe if you weren't such a lard you'd a been able to get up first.\" Another member said as he put on his hat and untied his horse. Ben Wade laughed, \"Let's go! Charlie's gonna get all the fun!\" Charlie looked out over the hill; there was the small town in the valley, at least five big stores. He saw some people coming in and leaving, more leaving. \"Hmmm.\" He said, patting his horse's neck, \"Let's get down there.\" He told his horse, he did one last look behind him, he did see a cloud of dust and he knew they were almost here. It was very cliché, but their happened to be a tumble weed blowing across the road. He watched a woman go into the general store, she didn't see him, and so there was no reason to shoot her quite yet. Charlie kept walking his horse, \"It's so damn slow.\" He growled. He flipped his hat forward, he almost didn't want anyone to notice him. \"Sometimes shootin' people gets tiring.\" He thought aloud to himself. Just then, a stout man with round glasses down to his nose, and a long curly mustache, the man displayed Pinkerton . Charlie drew his gun and shot, \"Nah!\" He laughed, \"Stupid Pinkerton.\" He spurred his horse and went to the end of town, where he ran back threw screaming profanities and shooting people on spot. Whether they looked at him or not. \"Charlie!\" Ben's voice called out, \"Go rob something, ya' shot enough people!\" Jackson growled, \"we won't make anything of this small town.\" \"It's like a village.\" Another gang-member said. Charlie leapt off his horse, unbuttoning the top button of his jacket. He had ended back at the general store. \"I guess this place'll be a party.\" He flipped his gun in his hand, taking in a deep breath. \"Here we go.\" He swung the door open, automatically taking a role. Two people. He shot at the man, hardly aimed, but killed him anyways. He chuckled, so this was the girl he was gonna shoot? Glad I didn't waist a bullet. \"Name's Charlie Prince.\" He said, walking towards her, she wasn't facing him, he knelt against the counter. He was too busy staring at her, he didn't see her hand come out of nowhere, it connected with the side of his face. Charlie went wide-eyed in shock, who does she think she is! He violently grabbed her shoulders and spun her around. \"Charlie, you'll never have luck with ladies if ya' keep hitting on me.\" She laughed. Charlie's hands dropped from her shoulders. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" \"You don't really want to know, and besides, I'm Charlotte Prince . I can do whatever the hell I want.\" She mocked him. Of course. The cocky younger sister, Charlie thought. \"Charlie!\" Ben called out. \"I'm in here boss!\" Charlie called out gruffly, \"Jackson's got most of the money, it's in the coach!\" \"You change everything for him, don't you Charlie?\" She dragged his name out. \"Don't play this sick mind games with me, Charlotte. Go home. You don't belong here.\" He pointed at her when he said you. \"Just a couple of days ago, you wanted to be with me.\" She shot back, hiding the fact that she came here to kill him. Maybe a decent conversation would be a nice change! \"Just a couple of days ago, I heard a rumor that you or ma' had died. I had to figure out who.\" Charlie growled, he sounded impatient. \"So you truly don't care about anyone.\" Charlotte said, more as a statement then a question. \"Nope.\" He said coldly, \"Don't care for anyone. \" He watched her walk towards the window, he heard Jackson say, \"Never thought we'd get this much from this town!\" She swiftly advanced towards him her hand going at his throat where they backed up against the wall. She wasn't squeezing his throat… yet . \"Give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.\" Charlotte demanded. \"Because, you know I'm going to win.\" She hit his head against the wall, \"A better reason.\" There was a tumbling noise, they looked at what happened. Her gun had fallen out. Charlie smiled, \"Because you're gun just fell out of a questioning place.\" \"Oh shut up!\" Charlotte growled, grabbing his gun as she raised it up to his chin Charlie was evidently calm. \"Hold it right there, miss.\" Ben said. Charlie saw the uncertainty in her eyes. \"Looks like you got my boy pinned up, Charlie, how'd you get like that?\" Ben chuckled. \"Well, you told me not to hit girls.\" Charlie smiled back; he could tell Charlotte was getting annoyed. \"Ya, but I didn't tell you you couldn't shoot at 'em.\" Ben said, shooting the gun out of Charlotte's hand. My Schofield, Charlie thought,hegrabbed her arms. Charlotte was so much in shock she never even noticed, she was still looking at Ben Wade. \"What's your name?\" Ben asked, stepping towards Charlotte who was completely doe eyed in his presence. To Wade, she was just another object, another prize to claim. Women, He thought, are the perks to being shot. Charlie watched Charlotte, she looked inebriated by Ben. The only words that were understood were \"Cha\" and \"T.\" Then she had unexplainably fainted right before Ben Wade and Charlie Prince. \"What was that?\" Ben laughed, kneeling down next her fallen body. Charlie lurched forward, \"Boss, there's something I gotta tell you.\" \"Later Charlie.\" Later that day… \"You mean, she's your sister?\" Ben said. \"Yes.\" Charlie answered, frustrated. \" That girl! The one in the back of the coach?\" Ben shouted. \"Yes, I was trying to tell you not to bring her along!\" \"You never told me she was your sister! \" \"I tried! You said ' later Charlie.'\" Charlie quoted. Ben scratched his chin, \"You have a point there.\" Ben and Charlie were both sitting in the coach, Charlie pulling at the reins. \"It's gettin' dark out, where we throwing this stuff?\" \"Second cave.\" Ben responded, he whistled for his horse, and in seconds, it came running up beside them. Charlie watched Ben leap into the saddle. \"Charlie.\" Ben tipped his hat towards him, and Ben pulled out of the way and left. \"Peace and quiet.\" Charlie said, snapping the reins, the horses picked up. The jolt of movement woke Charlotte from her unconscious slumber in the back of the coach. She had finally realized that she was bound and gagged. Muffled screams came from her mouth in seconds of wakening. \"Damn it! For the love of God, there's never a time where there's quiet?\" Charlie shouted out. A/N: And that concludes my weekend updates! Now you will have to wait even longer for me![Chapter 6] A/N: Thanks Rockndasha for the amazing reviews and e-mails! I'm loving them, please keep writing them. And thank you HarleyQuin669! I love the reviews! Also, just for the record, this is based off of the 3:10 to Yuma with Russell Crowe and Ben Foster in it. I'm planning on taking longer now, not only because I want the updates to be longer, and because of school, (and work!) it's because some people aren't reviewing out of the 300. Enjoy(: \"I wonder if Ben-o will notice we messed around with his doll. \" Tommy Darden laughed; he was riding on his horse, next to Charlie with the coach. The rest of the members never herd Ben and Charlie's conversation about Charlotte being Charlie's sister. \"He'll notice.\" Charlie growled, flicking the reins again. Darden slowed his horse down, he was gonna take a peek through the back of the coach. Charlotte was awake, but was struggling with the ties. She hadn't realized tears were forming at her eyes, occasionally some spilled over. She was trying so hard to be quiet. Charlie thought she had fallen back asleep, thankfully. Her hands were tied behind her back, a tight band gagging her mouth, and one over her eyes. Even though there was a gag, she could still scream, it was just annoying. She heard Charlie and Darden's conversation, either she had to pretend she was asleep or get out fast. Falling over quickly, she pretended to sleep, she could feel eyes on her. \"Too bad she was knocked out!\" Darden's comment was directed at Charlie, even though it was Charlotte who went unconscious and fainted in the first place. The gang had reached the second cave by sunset, Charlie would throw every money bag and penny out to them, where he purposely protected his sister inside the coach. Charlotte was tense the whole time, she could feel Charlie step over her to unload crates of food and random junk that they all found interesting. When all of them had finally left to unload the last bit. Charlotte sat up, quickly, frantically trying to get the bandana off her eyes so she could see. She pushed her head against the side, where it caught against a ledge and slipped off. Wherever she was, it was not what she pictured. It was dead. Like on top of a canyon, in fact there was the edge over there. There was sparse grass, and lots of red and brown dirt. She swung her arms under her butt and legs so they were out in front of her. Charlotte bent them awkwardly to get the gag out of her mouth, it hurt. Finally she got it, where she started biting at the bonds, looking for an end. She found it. When the ropes fell, she looked out; they must've all been inside the cave. Wherever it was. Charlotte ran towards the first horse she spotted. The sun blinded her eyes, her jaw hurt, and her wrists were bleeding. Charlotte looked out , no one would even see me go! Charlotte spurred off with no plan, all she had to do was get away. \"Well, I'm so damn hungry.\" Jackson said. \"When are you not?\" David responded. \"Shut up.\" Charlie growled, \"Where's my horse?\" All of the men looked around, as if one of them could spot it, like a \"where's Waldo book?\" \"Darden!\" Charlie roared. \"Hey, I didn't take it!\" He said, bringing his hands up. \"Uh…Charlie?\" Jackson said, lumbering over to him. \"WHAT?\" \"The girl's…gone.\" A/N: Ok, so a bad chapter. A short and sweet one, sorry about this, but at least it's something! I promise the other one's will be better than this one![Chapter 7] A/N: It's a Charlotte chapter. Hope it answers some questions(: Enjoy! ^_^ A coyote howled in the distance, but she wasn't afraid. It was the lack of food or drink that scared her, and the lack of knowledge of where she was going. Charlotte and her stolen horse trotted through the night, it was too cold. She looked up at the Harvest Moon, glowing orange, and lighting her path. The horse ran up the hill, where she pulled back on the reins. Something wasn't right. In fact, nothing had been right. At home seeing Charlie, her run-in with Charlie where she fainted before Ben, and now escaping from the whole gang of outlaws. It was even before that, where nothing was going right. Charlotte had only two men her life: her father and her husband. She shuddered at the thought of her previous, forgotten, life… He was rich, smart, and handsome. Everything a poor country girl with a deceased father, deceased mother, and a lost brother, would want. But that was all on the outside. He was sick, disturbing, and abusive. His name was Lex. Short for Alex. Which was short for Alexander. At first, he was nice, showing off his charm to win her over. The wedding was small and short, the first few weeks with him were amazing, the quiet honeymoon, home away from her mother, and just being with who she thought she was in love with. As soon as they came back from the honeymoon, everything went downhill. The verbal abuse started. Saying how she'd gained weight, her hair was terrible. Then it went to profanities. He said she was stupid, that he was always right and she was always wrong. Then the first slap. The horse shifted under its weight. Charlotte's face was crusted with dirt and new tears that washed them away. She remembered that day. \"You're home!\" She said, surprised. \"Of course I am home, what's for supper.\" He demanded, already sitting at the table. \"Well, I wasn't going to make it yet.\" Charlotte said, looking down at the floor, she could feel his angry waves across the room. \"I didn't know you were coming home early.\" \"So?\" He yelled jumping up, the chair flew backwards, \"Why haven't you started cooking now!\" \"Sorry.\" She said, shuffling across the floor towards the pantry. \"I just thought you'd be home at six, not four.\" Charlotte thought husbands would all be this way. Her father never told her the right ways, her mother never knew, and Charlotte never knew how to get out. \"Shut. Up.\" He said, his hand at the small of her back and the back of neck. Why was he so angry? She remembered thinking. Was it his work? Past experiences? \"I don't see you making anything.\" He growled, now forcefully pushing his hand against her neck. Charlotte stood up straighter, \"Stop.\" \"Stop what?\" He asked, in her mind's eye she saw him smirking. \"You're hurting me.\" \"And you're making me hungry.\" He snapped, letting go of her. It should've been earlier that she should have left. The rest of the night was frightful, he was tipped off of his rocker the whole time. It was finally after supper was made, Charlotte was doing the dishes. Lex was next to her, watching over her, making sure she got everything clean and dried. He was always looming over her. Always watching. \"It could've been better.\" He started. Inside, Charlotte rolled her eyes. She knew where this was going; he was going to complain about her or the supper she made. \"You could've dressed nicer. Maybe let your hair down, looked better for me. The dinner wasn't great either.\" \"Lex!\" charlotte screamed, dropping the last plate. \"I didn't know you were coming home that early. I didn't know what you wanted for supper. I don't know you anymore!\" Her hands were flying all over the place in anger with her words, Charlotte turned towards him. He grabbed her hands with one large hand of his, and pulled her forward, slapping his other hand across her face. Where it made a vicious crack. Her head stayed to the side where it was slapped. Her mouth open in shock, the tears welding up. \"Now, that was for your own good. See what I have to do to you, to make you listen?\" He said, pushing her head against his chest and resting his chin on top of her head. \"Please, let go of me.\" She cried. \"Shh-hhhh-hh-h.\" He told her, rubbing his hand against her back. He was terrible and sadistic. He used her. Used her for letting go of his anger, she was his personal punching bag. He used her in they're bed. He robbed her of everything. \"Let go of me!\" She shouted in his shoulder. \"No.\" He said, his voice was no longer soft. She could feel them backing up until her legs hit their bed. She hadn't realized he'd pushed all the way into their room. Charlotte sat down, the tears slightly coming down. Lex left for a minute or two, then came back shutting the bedroom door, looking at her. \"Let your hair down.\" He demanded. Oh no. Charlotte thought, she truly knew where this was going. She did it anyways, the long blonde hair fell down with curls. \"Look at this diamond ring I bought you.\" He said, picking up her hand, it was a very gorgeous ring, but Charlotte didn't want to think. She wanted to die . To fall asleep and die, painlessly. Lex looked at her, cupping her chin in his hand, his thumb rubbing her chin. Lex leaned in and kissed the tears off of her cheeks. \"Lay down.\" You could only guess what had happened that night. Charlotte spurred her horse, quickly pushing the memory down in her thoughts. They headed down the hill at top speed. The rush was amazing, the wind cooled her off. \"Bloody hell, what am I doing.\" Charlotte thought aloud. \"What are you doing? In fact, where are you going?\" Charlotte froze, Ben Wade walked his horse next to hers, \"Oh and you got Charlie's horse too.\"[Chapter 8] A/N: Hope you enjoyed the longer update last time! This one is just as good! Enjoy! :D My favorite chapter so far, just saying! :D \"We gotta get back to town, Charlie. We can't look for her.\" Jackson said. \"Find. Charlotte.\" Charlie growled, \"I don't care what happens.\" \"With our luck,\" Darden started, \"She's either dead or Ben got her. She went the way he went. The way we're going.\" Charlie looked down; he couldn't disagree with them anymore if so, they might suspect that he would have background ties to Charlotte. \"We'll stick with our plan. We'll take the long way then.\" \"The one with the good saloon?\" Darden said, wide-eyed. Charlie rolled his eyes, \"Yes, the one with the good saloon.\" There was a chorus of \"Yeses.\" Charlotte was too tired to run anymore, too tired to fight back, with words or nails. \"You have something to say?\" Ben shifted on the saddle. \"Are you hungry or somethin'?\" He handed her jerky. Charlotte weakly smiled, she started leaning towards his outstretched hand. Ben smiled, \"Don't faint again.\" Charlotte looked at him, \"I never knew I'd be seeing you again, later in my life.\" Ben looked at her, bringing his hand back and eating the rest of the offered jerky. \"I saw you before?\" \"Yes.\" She answered; she couldn't yet look him in the eyes, her horse shifted forward. \"I'd like ya' to tell me a little bit more .\" Charlotte bit her bottom lip, \"Charlie,\" She started, \"was my brother. I was the girl in the barn, the little girl he shot at.\" Ben looked at her, \"You can't even look at me can you?\" \"No. I can't.\" Charlotte answered back. \"What happened?\" He asked, directing towards her wrists. \"If it's alright with you, I'd prefer we don't talk.\" She said, gently spurring the horse. Ben followed her lead, still asking questions. \"Where'd ya' learn to ride like that?\" She stopped her horse again. He stopped. \"Is this how you talk to every girl? Annoy them until they answer your questions?\" \"Is it working?\" He asked, smirking. \"No.\" \"Well, I try to answer every question of yours with another question.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes.\" \"Ha!\" She said, \"I asked a question.\" He smiled even wider, \"I got ya' talk some more!\" Charlotte stopped smiling, \"You're good. Very good, too good.\" \"I'm also bad. Very bad, too bad.\" He mocked. She did a sideways glance, and swiftly went to looking straight out again. He was looking at her, watching her every expression, her every move. He acted like an animal, waiting on her every word like the every move of a mouse. Waiting, waiting to pounce on it. \"Do I scare you?\" He asked, now looking forward. \"And, Mr. Wade, why would you ask that?\" \"Well, for one, you don't look at me when you talk to me,\" Charlotte noted that he said 'when you talk to me ' instead of her late husband. It would've been, 'look at me when I talk to you .' \"You talk to me like you think you're above me.\" He added. Charlotte shook her head, spurring her horse again. \"Don't you have a southern drawl?\" He asked, still following. \"No. I'm not going to give you the luxury of letting you listen to it.\" \"It's ok, I like this accent more.\" He smiled. She knew what he was doing, trying to get her to talk in the drawl. \"It's not going to work.\" She growled. \"I had to try.\" He said back, \"Wait. Stop.\" She didn't stop. Ben didn't know her name he bit back on having to call her miss but he had to, \"Miss! Stop! Please!\" Was Ben Wade begging her to stop? Wow. She thought, but she pulled back on the reins, again. She heard him jump off his horse and come up next to her. \"You have to get off your horse.\" She pointed her chin up, \"And if I don't?\" \"I'll be forced to pull you off.\" His hand already reaching for her. Charlotte scoffed, quickly flinging her leg over on the opposite side he was standing, and jumping off on the right side of the horse. You're either looking above me or below me. Ben thought, his curiosity towards her was astounding. He never truly saw what her face looked like, it was a mere shadow. \"What's your name?\" \"Prince.\" She answered back, her hands on the saddle. \"What's your first name?\" \"So why'd I have to get off of my horse?\" She asked, ignoring his question. \"Charlie's horse.\" He corrected, \"Who are you?\" \"My name is Charlotte Lee Prince. My older brother is Charlie James Prince. When I was little, my mamma' used to call him James and me Lee-lee. My mother's dead. My father's dead.\" Charlotte didn't realize this, but she was walking forward away from him. \"Wow.\" Was all Ben could say, \"So I can call you Lee-lee?\" \"Are you my mother?\" \"No, I don't know how she lived, raising two of ya'. I can barely handle Charlie.\" He smiled. At the moment, Charlotte wasn't in on his humor. \"You also used a bit of your accent there.\" \"Jesus, you are observant.\" \"I also noticed you're gimpin'.\" Ben pointed out, he started following her, carefully ten feet behind her however. \" Everyone seems to notice that, so that one doesn't count.\" Charlotte was finally warming up to Ben. \"Well, what happened?\" His voice was rough, but almost showing compassion. Charlotte jumped; he was no longer ten feet away from her. He was now at least three inches. She could feel his breath against the back of her neck. Charlotte slammed her eyes shut, inhaling deeply, trying to make herself remember the memory she shoved down in her mind. \"I remember, a gunshot…\" She started. \"Go on.\" He said, she could now feel his hand against her back. It was warm, but the feelings it gave her were the burning uneasy panics of adrenalin in her stomach. \"I…can't.\" She stopped, falling forward, but catching herself by flinging her leg out. She then decided that it was better just to sit anyways. \"Can you ever not faint around me?\" \"I didn't actually faint.\" She corrected him, \"Besides, I like the ground, it's squishy.\" \"Ya? That's because you're sitting in horse shit.\" Charlotte bit her lip, bloody hell. In the act of sitting the way she was, she felt something against her leg. Right away she remembered. Her gun. One had fallen out in the saloon, the other she had from Charlie's horse. So technically his gun. But she had put it in the garter around her leg while escaping from them. She wondered what they were doing now. Just then, the whole reason why Ben made them get off their horses came. He drew out his gun, that Charlotte completely forgot he had, and shot three times. Click, bang, click, bang, click bang. Click… It wasn't his thumb that pulled back on his gun, but Charlotte's. She eyed the three men who were listening in on their whole entire conversation, now dead. But she didn't care, she had Ben Wade at gun point. There was nothing he could do. His back was facing her, there was no way he could turn around and shoot her. Ben Wade wasn't that fast. \"You're right Mr. Wade.\" Charlotte started, \"You are good, very good, almost too good. You are also bad, very bad, almost too bad.\" Ben let out a quick breath, she played me, he thought. \"You're good.\" He said, smiling, dropping his gun with his arms raised a bit. \"I didn't think you'd have the backbone to do this. Where was that gun anyways?\" He chuckled deviously. \"Wade, before I fainted, my plan was ta' kill ya' and Charlie. Who says I can't just do it now?\" He smiled, \"You're southern accent, very nice. So I guess this calls off any future dates?\" \"You're damn right.\" \"Charlotte.\" It wasn't Ben's voice. \"Charlie! Oh thank God!\" Ben called out, putting his surrendering hands down. Charlie had his other gun pointed at Charlotte, walking behind her, \"Ben, you can turn around now.\" Ben turned, grinning ear to ear, he grabbed Charlotte's hands, handing Charlie his gun. \"Let go of me.\" Charlotte growled, trying to rip her tiny hands out of his large rough ones. \"Like ya' said, sweetheart, I'm too good.\"[Chapter 9] A/N: Hope ya liked the last chapter, 'cause I sure did (: Not again. Not again. Not again! So close, so close. She felt like she could shoot Ben, like she was ready, it was all in her hands, but for the second time. It was all taken away. \"A little advice.\" Ben started, he ripped off a slice of her dress for bonds, \"If you actually were planning on shootin' me, don't take the time talking about it.\" \"You're only saying that because Charlie's here, but you were scared.\" Charlotte didn't shed any dignity, her chin was up high. \"Charlotte, Charlotte, Charlotte.\" Charlie said, shaking his head at his younger sister, Charlie turned to Ben. Ben growled, \"She's riding with me, and we'll go back.\" Charlotte glared at Ben, \"I am no-\" Before she even finished, Ben grabbed her and hung her on his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, carrying her around, \"Charlie! Plan?\" \"Normally you come up with those.\" He grumbled, \"I'm tired, let's sleep.\" \"I'm not-\" He was interrupted. \"Put me down!\" Ben smiled, \"I'm not, you can stay here.\" Ben walked to his horse, contemplating for a minute. \"You can have her too, family bonding time!\" Ben laughed, putting Charlotte down, and mounted his horse, doing the same old goodbye to Charlie, but adding Charlotte's name in there, and winking at her. She scoffed, turning around to face her brother. \"No funny business.\" He growled, pointing his emptied gun at her. \"You haffta promise me that too.\" She growled back. \"I make no promises.\" Charlotte turned her head to the side, then sat on the muddy ground, waiting for the sun to come. It was like their very first day all over again. The silence and the tension. This time, Charlie broke it, \"Why were you in that store?\" Charlotte didn't look at him, she was looking at her bound hands, lifting them up at him. Charlie frowned, \"I'm not untying you.\" Charlotte raised her eyebrow. As if asking why? \"Because you'll escape.\" She shook her head no. \"You won't escape?\" Charlotte shrugged her shoulders. Charlie was getting annoyed, \"I am not playing these stupid games with you.\" Then it finally hit Charlie. He knew Charlotte didn't like him, but she was still around him. He asked if she would escape, she said maybe. Well, why would she say maybe? Because she would kill him first. \"Oh! I already figured it out, you were there, that shitty town, so you could buy bullets. Those bullets would be used to kill me. Me 'n Ben. Right?\" Charlotte smiled deviously. Charlie leaned forward, his mouth opening to say something, but he didn't. He thought it, it almost hurt to think it too. Charlotte was more like him that he thought. They smiled the same, that same cat like grin, she was hiding something. Just like he was. Charlotte rolled her neck, making a cracking noise. \"I can tell by your eyes that you figured me out?\" It was one of those weird question statements, she always did those. \"Why?\" Charlie asked. \"I know dad's death wasn't an accident.\" She said, not answering his question about why she wanted to kill Charlie. Charlie, now sitting down, put his hands threw his hair. \"You think I killed him?\" \"Yes.\" She shot back, \"Who else, Charlie? Me? No! It was you! Pa' loved you, Charlie! Then you left ! Why'd you leave?\" Charlie's eyebrows twisted, his first facial expression. \"I never…thought about…it.\" Charlotte's heart was beating fast; this was the closest she'd ever gotten to hearing something about Charlie Prince. \"Really?\" Charlotte paused before she started screaming, \"Well I thought about you! I thought about you every waking day of my life! Then all my thoughts went terrible! I thought he killed you! I thought he ki- \" \"Charlotte.\" Charlie broke in, \"He didn't kill me. I like what I'm doing now. You can't change it, and you won't . Because you're going to shut up and sleep now.\" His voice was soft at the beginning, like the young Charlie, but turned into the cold hearted Charlie she knew now. \"I'll talk all night if I have too. All I want are some answers.\" Charlie lost all impatience, he jumped up and ran over to her, pulling on her dress collar, his face inches from the side of hers. The low voice, like what their father used when they got in trouble, or Alexander , spoke out. \"If I even have to give you one damn answer about my life, then I get three from you, there are things you aren't telling me, but I don't even care what they are. I. Don't. Care. About. You. I'm stuck here babysitting you. Charlotte, you could never kill me, look who has the bullets?\" He drew his gun, letting the barrel rest on the side of her neck. Charlie could hear Charlotte's tattered breathing, it's what brought him out of his anger, he saw her lips tremble, and her hands shake. He looked up at her eyes; they were tightly shut making little wrinkles across her eyelids. He stood up, towering over her shaking body. Charlotte was muttering something. Charlie almost went into shock when he figured out what she said, \"I'm not going to hit you.\" \"Please don't kill me.\" Charlie almost felt pathetic, \"I'm not going to kill you, either.\" In the back of his mind, he was so confused. She wanted to kill him, why was she shaking so bad? Did he finally break her down, even though he wasn't trying? The sun started to rise, removing the dew from overnight, and the chill nigh air. Charlie thought of all the fun he could be having with the rest of the outfit at the saloon. He thought about the women, the gambling, and the freedom to spend all the money he wanted, knowing he'd get it all back. He wished he never saw Charlotte in the first place. Women know just how to complicate things , he thought. Charlotte looked up at Charlie, why am I crying? God, this is terrible. She finally stood up, face to face with her brother. \"How're you so tall?\" Charlie said. Charlotte laughed, \"I'm on a rock. Anyways, you really want to know about my life?\" Charlie looked her in her eyes answering, \"Not really, but I have a feeling you're just going to tell me anyways?\" She smiled, \"…Yes.\" O h and hey, I am listening to the soundtrack, watching the movie, drinking mountain dew, eating shrimp ramen, and writing this for you. I am actually having the time of my life! Except MD goes right threw me, so multiple bathroom breaks. Hahaha, (:[Chapter 10] A/N: CHAPTER TEN GUYS! CHAPTER TEN! :D Thank you for the reviews(: Sorry, it's an ok update, and sorry it took so bloody long… :P I also realized that having the names Charlie and Charlotte are very confusing…ugh…they look the same! SURVIVOR TONIGHT. :D They had never actually gone to sleep that night; they were up talking, arguing mainly. But when the sun did come up, she told him she'd force him to listen to her life story. \"You aren't going to kill me, if I untie you, will you?\" Charlie asked her. Charlotte yawned, \"I'll wanna kill you, but I won't.\" \"That's reassuring.\" He said, pulling the dress fragment off of her wrists, revealing dried blood, cracked skin, and cuts. \"Aren't you proud of that?\" She asked him. \"Very proud.\" He growled, pushing her up on the horse, where he sat behind her. Charlotte didn't feel afraid anymore, she was almost having fun, but she knew she didn't want to have fun. She wanted to make his time a living hell, but she felt like she couldn't. \"Alexander.\" Charlotte started. \"Alexander?\" Charlie repeated. \"My ex-husband.\" Charlie pulled the reins back hard, making the horse jump up. \"Charlie!\" Charlotte yelled, clinging onto the saddle horn. \"You were married?\" \"Yes. Then divorced.\" \"Why?\" \"He died.\" \"How?\" \"Stress.\" \"From you?\" He laughed. Charlotte rolled her eyes, \"He shot me.\" Charlie stopped laughing, kicking his horse to go, again. \"Why?\" \"I… don't know.\" She muttered. \"Where'd he shoot you?\" \"Around my knee.\" \"You know, threw out my time of being what I am-\" \"A killer.\" Charlotte interjected. \"You wanted to kill me too, don't forget that.\" \"There's a difference from wanting to kill someone to actually doing it.\" She said. \"But you truly planned on killing me.\" Charlie shot back. \"But as I was saying, I've been shot at, but never shot. Which is amazing.\" \"Ben'll probably kill you in the end.\" Charlotte laughed. \"Right.\" Charlie said grimly, \"I don't think so. I'm too loyal to him. You were shaking last night.\" \"You…reminded me of him.\" \"Charlotte, I kill people, why aren't you afraid of me right now?\" \"Because I know you won't. You're prone to anger, but not enough to kill me.\" Charlie leaned forward, looking at her; she was looking forward, purposely not looking at him. If she knows, why was she shaking? God, women, especially my sister, are so very confusing. He changed the subject, completely forgetting about her ex-husband. \"Your green eyes, they'll win 'im over.\" \"Ben? He has a weakness?\" Charlotte looked out deviously. \"And that's women with green eyes.\" Charlotte's heart skipped a couple beats. \"How come…you don't have a lady?\" Charlie half heartedly smiled, \"Charlotte, you're an extremely insane person. You love and you hate me. You want to kill me, but you're riding with me. What are you doing?\" Charlotte felt an annoying dropping sensation, \"Aw dang, you figured out.\" He laughed, the rest of the ride was silence. A couple times Charlotte's head came back and hit Charlie in the chin, she was sleeping. Sleeping obnoxiously, Charlie thought.[Chapter 11] A/N: No more funny un-serious chapters. The movie was serious through and through. I want this to be rather serious, so did I get the serious-ness down? If not, write me a review, constructive criticism please! \" Can't you read?\" A voice broke out, making Charlotte jump. \"You've been staring at that sign fer hours.\" Charlotte didn't turn around to face him, she asked \"and you are?\" The man looked impressed at her comment, \"Name's Alex.\" Charlotte turned on her heel, \"Holy. Shit.\" The man took a double take at her, \"Charlotte?\" \" What happened to you? I thought you died!\" Alex walked forward. \" Get away from me!\" She screamed. Where was Charlie? Alex laughed, \"Charlotte, you alright?\" \" NO! GET AWAY FROM ME!\" \"Charlotte, Charlotte?\" More gun shots went off. \" NO! GET AWAY FROM ME!\" Charlotte screamed again. \"Charlotte, you're going to die!\" Charlotte's eyes flashed open. There was the bright light of the sun, it blinded her, she slammed her eyes shut. Noise. There was only noise, gun fire and Charlie screaming profanities at someone. She finally realized it. She had been shot. Not just once, not twice either, but three times. The pain finally fired threw her. She could taste the blood bubbling up to her lips, the loss of air in her chest. She could hear Charlie growl behind her, was he shot too? She soon realized that they were still on the horse. But not for long. Running for their lives. Another shot went off, not from Charlie. It connected with the innocent horse, making the brother and sister fly off the faltering body. They had grinded into rock, sand, and lowland, the impact making a loud thud. Charlotte finally opening her eyes, they were by a large red mountain pass. Threw the pass she could see a town. Only the size of an ant from where she lay, Charlie was on her left, laying down for protection. She watched Charlie discard all the used rounds, skillfully refilling them. He took a glance at her, \"Stay low.\" He murmured. If Charlie Prince could ever be graceful, this was definitely the time he showed it. He sprung up from the ground, taking aim in naught but a second, then firing. Turning on his heel, he shot again, before the other man could ever think about aiming. He did this a third time. It seemed as if all three bodies landed at the same time, and that's how fast Charlie Prince really was. He scouted around, making sure there weren't any more shooters. He had counted for earlier. In fact, he knew four people were following them. However, he put it under the mental list of forget about them and keep going. He couldn't forget now. Not with his sister's blood on his hands. Literally. Charlie fell on his knees next to her. \"Charlotte?\" He asked, her eyes were clouded over and her lips were chapped, with a blood trail coming out of a corner of her mouth. \"I'm fine, Charlie.\" She responded, blinking, making her eyes shine up at him. Charlie's laugh had a melancholy ring to it, \"Fine?\" He laughed again, \"You're not fine. \" \"I was obviously trying to convince myself that I am not on the brink of death. Apparently my brother thinks otherwise.\" Charlie frowned at her attempt of a joke. \"Can you get up?\" \"I think I detected the spots where I was shot.\" \"You're very annoying when you're about to die.\" Charlie growled, gruffly picking Charlotte up. He heard her wince in pain. \"Are you the doctor?\" The man looked inquisitively at Charlie, \"Uh-huh.\" \"Well help me!\" Charlie growled. \"We're closed on Sundays, son.\" He answered back, taking an inhale from his roll of tobacco. Charlie stepped over to the left, revealing a dying woman lying on a horse. He had picked up one of the shooter's horse's and rode off to the town. The doctor took in a deep breath, letting it whistle out. Charlie was impatient, he grabbed the doctor by the collar, pointing his gun at him. \"You are open now !\" \"Charlie, you're bleeding.\" \"I know, Ben .\" Charlie responded, throwing off his jacket, and starting on the buttons of his shirt. \"Where's Charlotte?\" Charlie winced. Ben noted this. But he didn't wince from the mention of Charlotte. He winced because of the bleeding hole in his arm. He shrugged the rest of the shirt off, \"God damn it.\" \"What the hell happened out there?\" Ben said, jumping up from his chair. \"Where's everyone else?\" \"Where do you think?\" Ben answered. \"How long?\" Charlie asked back. \"A couple a hours.\" They were referring to the boys 'partying' downstairs with all of the saloon girls. \"Make sure they stay downstairs.\" Charlie growled, was he actually giving orders to Ben Wade? \"Ok.\" And Ben Wade was taking them. \"The bullet when clean through Charlotte, then threw my arm.\" \"Threw and threw?\" He asked. \"Yes. But I don't think she's so lucky with the other two. Or three, I have no clue how many times she got shot.\" \"So they came at you head on? \" \"Yeah. Weird 'cause most stalking gangs would follow and shoot you threw the back.\" Charlie said, throwing his hat on the floor. He fell into the chair. \"What kinda' room is this anyway? It's all pink and lacey.\" Ben laughed, \"It's one of the girl's rooms.\" Charlie looked up at Ben, \"OH.\" Ben started laughing, \"For being shot, Charlie, you're doing a great job of being happy.\" \"I'm not happy. I don't know if Charlotte's going to make it out alive, and the doctor won't let no one in.\" The pain slowly began to subside; Charlie ripped the white cloth material and wrapped It around his arm. \"Let's hope they'll be no infection.\" Ben added. \"Let's hope.\" The night was nice for Charlie and the every other man in the town. On the other hand, there could have been better nights for Charlotte Prince. The simple wounds were taken care of right away. Examples like the shot in her left arm; it was quickly bandaged, so was the one in her neck, which only just grazed her. She was lucky on that one. But the pain hardly came from those two as it did to the one below her collar bone. The doctor had taken what seemed like extremely long tweezers, and painfully gotten the bullet out. Quickly pouring a cold liquid that bubbled at the touch of her broken skin. It hurt . But now, the bullet was gone, and all she had to do was heal. \"How'd this happen to ya'?\" The doctor finally asked, helping Charlotte slowly sit up. \"Uh…Uh riding incident.\" \"No riding incident involves bullets.\" The doctor pointed out. \"Well, fine, doctor , there's something called bad men out there, they like to shoot up a bunch of…innocent…riders, just minding their own business. So if I were you, I wouldn't even step outside.\" The doctor glared at her, \"If you want you're ok to go. They weren't even that critical of wounds, you were over reacting.\" \"That's a pity.\" Charlotte muttered under her breath.[Chapter 12] A/N: I am so very sorry for the long pauses in between each update. But I it's really hard to balance my life, work, Survivor, school, and this story in my hands. Haha, but I'm glad you're enjoying it! I am very much enjoying all of the reviews/emails/etc etc etc. But! (I think this chapter got rather…soppy with romance, haha!) Rockndasha, I have a question for you…you can email me your response or post it in another review, but what did you mean how her 'dream' somehow shows her possibly getting together with Ben? Just curious(; Charlie was busy counting his scars, it's what you do in your drunken stupor. Charlotte walked past him, laughing to herself. Ben had seen her come into the room, and exit swiftly, she was flinging a key around in her hands. Ben walked to the attendant \"What room did that women have?\" The young girl, with lots of make up on, looked up at him. \"107.\" \"Thank you.\" He said back, quickly moving over to the stairs to follow suit. Charlotte realized how bad her arm hurt when she could hardly get the key in the lock. It dropped to the ground, \"Damn it!\" She heard someone coming, looking she didn't see anyone, but moved up. \"Well hello, Charlotte .\" Ben's voice rang out. She looked up at him, with her big innocent eyes, eyes of shock and surprise. \"Ben.\" She acknowledged. \"Let me help you,\" he said, grabbing the key from her hand, letting his fingers stay an extra unnecessary few seconds on hers. Charlotte looked back up at him, pulling her hands away, \"Well open it!\" He unlocked the door, and pulled the knob. \"After you.\" \"Who said you were coming in?\" She growled. \"No one.\" He shot back with an irresistible smile. \"Oh ya, you're Ben Wade, and you don't need permission. You break rules.\" Charlotte said, walking into her room. There were those few seconds of options. Ben could walk into the room, and make his move. I mean, she left the door open, as if waiting for him to make his move he wanted to make. Or, he could respect her pain, and stay away for awhile, only making him want her more. Shit. Ben thought, but then finally, he walked into the room. She turned on her heel, making him stop walking. He looked like a small child caught in the act of stealing a cookie. Charlotte bit her bottom lip, trying to think of words to say. She found none. But everything that she needed to say, she said in what she did. Charlotte surprisingly walked towards Ben. Ben felt like melting. If he had a weakness, women were it. So are green eyes, and damn it…she has them. It was the first time he noticed her eye color, his plans on kissing her faded away, all he wanted to do was hold her. His thought was settled, when she had surprisingly reached her arms around him, and hugged him. Ben rested his chin on the top of her head, both of them saying nothing. But of course, Charlotte's earlier plans were not erased. No she wasn't thinking about kissing Ben Wade. She was still thinking about killing him. It was all a part of her sick plan . Was it still going to work? She thought. But she didn't know. There might've been feelings for him, maybe. But both of them are cruel, Charlotte just hasn't shown it yet. A/N: Short update, I know, and I am sorry for that. I'm trying to get stuff done for my life, but please review![Chapter 13] A silly little Charlie Chapter… It was not the greatest morning for a hung over Charlie Prince. His eyes were red rimmed, and his walk was still stumble like. He groaned up from where he was. In fact, where was he? Charlie looked at the floor, it was pink. At least that's what color it looked like. Oh wait the floor was yellow. Oh no, that was throw up. \"Ow, God damn it.\" He said, finally standing to his full height. But quickly shielding his eyes from the bright sun. He swung at the air, as if trying to catch butterflies, only violently. Charlie heard a bird chirp at his window. It was thee most random and most annoying thing that ever came to him. He went to draw his gun, but couldn't. It wasn't there. Charlie had now finally realized he was in the Ben's room, the Bridal Suite. Except no one was there, just Charlie. A Charlie without any clothes. \"Where are my pants?\" Charlie frowned, running at the bird, it flew away. \"Oh.\" He growled. Noticing his pants were outside, \"Well great .\" \"Charlie,\" a female voice broke out. \"What's wrong?\" He looked coldly towards the bed where the voice came from, he hoped that drunken Charlie had a good choice of whores as well as sober Charlie did. \"What?\" He growled, noticing she was pretty. He smiled at himself. \"What's wrong?\" She said, like a whining donkey. \"My pants are outside, wanna get 'em? That's what I thought.\" He said, motioning her to the door. She glared at him, jumping up from the bed, \"Let's go girls.\" Charlie looked back at the bed. Inside he was very very proud of himself, but on the outside he didn't show it. Three girls got up from the bed and all left down the hallway. \"Oh God Charlie, put some clothes on.\" Ben said, he had come from the hallway, watching the girls leave. \"Was…someone a little, busy last night?\" Ben snickered. \"Shut up.\" Charlie said, slamming the door in his face. \"We leave at noon!\" Ben shouted threw. Charlie didn't care at the moment, he fell onto the bed. \"Ow,\" he growled. A knock came at the door, \"Charlie, I have your pants.\" It was one of men. Charlie inhaled deeply, trying to make an effort at getting up from the bed, he opened the door a crack, sticking his hand out. Jackson looked at his outstretched arm, handing him the pants. \"You're welcome!\" \"Ya ya.\" Charlie growled. Sleepily, he put on his pants. Now where the hell is my shirt? \"Oh well, don't need that anyways.\" Finally, after what seemed like hours, Charlie was downstairs. \"Nice of you to show up.\" Ben said, swigging down a shot of whiskey. \"Sorry, boss. Long night.\" \"Let's go. \" \"What about Charlotte?\" Charlie whispered, \"We can't haul her around anymore.\" \"Do you wanna kill her?\" Ben asked, walking towards the door. Charlie stopped, watching Ben walk. \"I thought-\" \"That I liked her?\" Ben asked. \"She made it perfectly clear last night that she did not like me.\" Charlie glared at the stairs, as if waiting for her to come down them, \"Well where is she?\" \"Up…stairs. But we're leaving Charlie…lets go.\" Charlie looked longingly at the stairs, \"Alright, Ben.\" It wasn't long until everyone was ready, they loaded up their horses and moved out with the wind at their backs, blood on their hands, and murder on their minds. Charlotte… Charlotte. Charlotte! \"Uh!\" Charlotte woke up with a spasm in her neck. Her eyes slowly adjusted to the dark room, where the memories of night slowly came back to her. Charlotte craned her neck backwards; the pain ran threw her body. She finally realized that her hands were bound, along with her feet to the chair's legs. She tried to scream for help, but soon realized a piece of a sheet gagged her mouth. Not this again. Charlotte hated the dark, was it night or day? Where the hell was she? She fidded with her hands, who knew how long it took, but they were finally undone. Where she ripped off the mouth gag. \"Oh God.\" Charlotte started on her feet, but heard something scamper across the floor. She whimpered, moving faster with the rope, finally they were undone, and she slowly got up, careful of everything around her. She didn't know where she was at all. Crawling on the floor, she felt a rug, then cold wood. Finally…she remembered. Ben. Wade. \"Ow!\" Her head throbbed, she remembered now. She tried to kill Ben, she was very close too, but then it went disastrous. They fought in the room, trying to kill each other. Well, Charlotte was trying to kill him at least. She remembered him finally winning, and knocking her out. He must've tied her up. The rage in Charlotte was beyond belief, but it left quickly once she found the door handle and opened it. Letting the hall light in. Charlotte rubbed her eyes, then ran down the hallway and down the stairs. \"Where are they?\" Charlotte yelled at the male clerk. \"Who?\" \"You know who!\" \"I don't know.\" Charlotte inspected the man, he was small, early 20's. \"You're gonna tell me where they went, and now. Or I will kill you.\" The man glared at her, as if she was insane. \"You can't kill me.\" Charlotte lurched towards the desk, jumping on, and running her hand underneath the counter 'till she found what she was looking for. Charlotte pulled the gun out of the small shelf, and pointed it at the man. \"I can do whatever I want, I'm Charlotte Prince.\" And so that was the turning point, Charlotte was never looking back from here on. She found them once, she can find them again. No matter how long it took her.[Chapter 14] Two years later…[Chapter 15] A/N: It's called updating. I should try it. Anyways, yes Rockndasha, chapter 14 was meant to be that short! But thank you SO much for the reviews(: Look! I'm updating! YAY! I just really want to get this story done so we ALL can get on with our lives! So I will try to make the ending ROCK! I'm hoping for this story to get more serious…here it goes ^_^ I never knew how much two years can change a person. How much two years can change a life… I never figured he'd be the one on the Wanted Posters. I never figured that I would be either. But two years does change a person, it changes the way they see things, and it changes their heart. \"Careful, that gun's got a curse on it.\" Tucker laughed in Ben's face. Later… Charlie looked out at the coach that stalled. He knew Ben was in there, and he wouldn't be able to go forward, the men all had guns, and Charlie was just one person. He thought to himself, But I am Charlie Prince…I could take them all on. The coach started leaving, and he slowly began to follow it. Charlotte opened her eyes, shit. It was almost morning, she had to get out now, or he'd wake up. Charlotte slowly got up from the bed, looking at the man sleeping next to her. She pulled her red outfit up higher, and hiked up her black tights. Yes, she was a hooker. Charlotte glanced for his wallet that she put on the table. There! She grabbed it, putting the cash in her corset. \"What the hell are you doing?\" Charlotte looked at him, surprised. \"Uhhh, just getting my cash from las' night!\" \"I thought I already paid you.\" He said, throwing the blankets off of him, he got up next to her, reaching for her hands. Charlotte reached towards the drawer, and pulled out the gun. \"Ah-ha! What the hell do you think you're doing?\" Charlotte wiped off the lipstick, and eye make-up. The man still didn't recognize her, Charlotte scoffed. She pulled the wig off. \"Holy…shit, are you…Charlotte Prince?\" Charlotte smiled, \"So, you got any cash anywhere else?\" The man shook his head, \"no!\" \"Give me your watch.\" He started handing it towards her, but reached for his gun under the pillow, the man faced her again, as if taking time to aim at her. Bang. \"On a side note,\" She said, \"Don't hesitate, love.\" Charlotte swiped the watch in his hand, as his bleeding body fell backwards. Charlotte pulled his jacket from the bed post, \"Thanks.\" And grabbed her pants from the closet. I am so well-prepared. Charlotte smiled at herself, opening the window and jumping out onto the roof. She whistled, and her bay colored horse rode up to the specific spot. She jumped down quickly from the roof onto the horse. \"CALEB!\" Charlotte shouted. \"Do you always have to sleep with them?\" Caleb asked, appearing next to her on his horse. \"Don't worry, I didn't.\" \"Thank God. You can contract a dangerous disease!\" \"You're a dangerous disease.\" Charlotte snapped back, kicking her horse. Caleb watched her trail off, \"Are you coming?\" She shouted back. He growled, than slowly started following her. But there was another person there. They slowly started chasing after them when the sun went down.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16: This is where the witty chapter name goes. A/N: Chapter dedicated to Rockndasha :D \"A holiday ? You want a holiday ?\" Charlotte yelled. Caleb shrugged. \"Our whole life is a holiday !\" \"Oh Charlotte, no it's not! We steal from people, and don't even spend it! You save it. I don't even know what the hell you're saving it for.\" Charlotte gracefully fell into her armchair, her elbows landing on her knees, hands threw her hair. \"How'd I come across you again?\" \" I came across you. \" Caleb corrected. \"Well, tell me deary.\" Charlotte smirked. \"It seems to me like I start every story about you with this same ol' sentence.\" Charlotte looked crossly at him, wondering what the statement was. \"You were drunk…I knew you were Charlotte Prince; the girl on the wanted signs. The law was so close to having you, but I took you out of that damned bar. Ya' kept calling me Charlie, and sometimes Ben, and how you were going to kill me.\" \"I wouldn't say that! I wasn't evil when you found me!\" \"Remember. You were on the posters?\" Charlotte scowled at being shot down from her own comment. Caleb was always right, and he will forever be right. He was her right hand man. \"Anyways, you passed out. I took you with me, and when you woke, you socked me right in the ear. It was a twisted fight you put on. That's when I figured out that on the bottom of the poster it said: armed and dangerous, kill on sight. Hell, I wasn't gonna do that to you.\" \"What were you going to do to me?\" Charlotte asked, throwing in a suggestive smile. Caleb raised a brow, flicking his brown hair out of his eyes. \"I saved you from jail. That's what I did. And now, I'm ridin' around with you.\" Charlotte smirked. \"And helping me…us get money!\" \"Mhm.\" Caleb muttered. For the first time, Charlotte looked at Caleb lovingly. She always thought of him as someone she could use, and scheme off of later. But the way he was obliviously sitting in the other chair, made her indifferent. She finally saw how old he really was. The crows feet lined his eyes, too much sun made him have small wrinkles on his forehead. Though, it was covered with his brown hair. \"Caleb, how old are you?\" Caleb looked at her, shifting in his seat. She read him like a book. A wave of uncomfortable passed him. \"Old enough.\" He said gruffly. A cloud passed over the sun, casting a dark shadow over them. He looked younger now. They had two arm chairs in the middle of nowhere. That's where they sat, pondering there next move. At least Caleb thought it was the middle of nowhere. But truly, it was the exact same spot where Charlie and Charlotte grew up. The house had burned down, and the barn was just an old wooden wall. Their two horses stood by, grazing. \"Charlotte, was your dad ever there for you?\" It was Caleb's turn to read Charlotte. She lurched forward, \"No. He died, for all I remember. In fact, I hardly remember him.\" \"Nothing about him?\" \"Nothi-…actually. I remember,\" Charlotte choked on her words, \"how he always smelled like strong tobacco.\" Caleb laughed, \"and that's all you remember?\" \"Yes! Why's that so funny?\"Charlotte smiled. He shrugged. \"Caleb. If you want a holiday.\" His eyes brightened. \"Have one. In another month…meet here.\" \"I hope I won't have to find you in a bar again.\" He laughed, quickly jumping up from the chair and whistling for his horse. Charlotte watched him ride off, until finally he was too distant to hear her shouts of pain. She started screaming from the bottom of her lungs, quickly making a crescendo as loud as she could. She went on screaming, crying, and kicking everything for an hour. Her throat was now dry, her feet in pain, and her voice was gone. In recognition, she remembered Ben and Charlie. When they were little. At the very barn, when Ben took Charlie. How her dad did nothing, of what she remembered. She tried to think of her father, but nothing came too. Not even his name. In this month. I am going to find you. I am going to finally kill you. \"I wouldn't think about having to find me.\" A coarse voice broke out. Charlotte opened her eyes, the sun blocked her view. She first saw the horse's legs, then the brown boots from the stirrups. Those followed the burnt orange chaps, and white jacket. His face glared down at her, his signature look. Never a smile or smirk in sight. \"The first time I saw yous here…you were a dress.\" Charlie pointed out. \"Time's do change, don't they.\" Charlotte growled. \"Where's your God?\" Charlie looked down, \"Ben? He's…in Bisbee.\" Charlotte smirked, \"Captured no doubt?\" she joked. \"Yes.\" Charlotte didn't think her joking would be true. \"You want my help?\" \"No.\" \"Then why are you here?\" \"I saw a man run off from here, thought he raided our old place. Turns out, there's ain't nothing but a couple of chairs.\" \"Well, it sure was sad that you are here Charlie. You won't be able to rescue Ben.\" Charlie looked at her, Charlotte lashed out at him, dragging him off his horse and hitting him square in the jaw. \"Aw God damn it!\" Charlie growled, spitting blood. Charlotte continued to kick him. \"Where's your Ben Wade now?\" She spat at him, the thought of the rest of the gang never crossed her mind. Charlie shouted, \"Campos!\" giving a wary signal. A shot went off, and where it made contact was ended terribly.[Chapter 17] An act of fate. Charlotte began to feel uneasy. A wave of cold passed through her bones. Looking down, she saw the deep red pool below her collar bone; she lurched forward catching herself on her leg. Charlie jumped up, looking at her, watching her see her death. He smiled . Charlotte glared at him, \"Bastard have you shot.\" She muttered, before completely falling over. Charlie's boot kicker her over, \"My business with you is finally done.\" She looked up at him watching him move back to his red horse. \"Charlie!\" She screamed. \"You can't leave me out here like this!\" Blood bubbled up on her chin. \"Oh believe me. I can. In fact, if I'm not mistaken. I overheard you saying how you'll be here all month waiting for someone. Well, I made it easy for you. That is if the coyotes don't drag you off.\" Charlotte watched him mount up and leave. She heard another noise, thunder. Horses' hooves swiftly following Charlie's move. It was the rest of the gang, they all rode by her, narrowly missing her dying body. This was the second time Charlotte Prince was close to death. This time, she'll die. Her last thoughts, afore she passed into a long black sleep were; why would Charlie randomly have me shot? Randomly be there. Was it because of all the stress to get Ben Wade back? The black slumber rolled in her eyes. The sun no longer felt warm. She no longer felt warm. Those were just Charlotte Prince's afterthoughts. To share the name of Prince would be a burden. To share a brother, a sister, a parent, a family, it proves difficult. The life we share is troublesome. No one said it would be very easy. So make the best of it, we never get out alive anyways….[Chapter 18] \"Don't you worry Ben, we'll get you outta' there in a second!\" Bang. Charlie slapped his hand against his neck, the bullet sizzled past him. What the hell. He looked at the men, you're not Ben! Swiftly, Charlie pulled the gun out of the imposter's hand, and even thought to remove his hat. Ben's hat. \"Where is he?\" \"I-I don't know!\" The man stuttered. \"Where is he?\" Charlie said again. \"I don't know! They didn't tell m-\" \"Jackson. Kinter.\" Charlie directed. They both knew what was going to go on, grabbing their whiskey bottles, they poured it over the coach. \"No, no, no!\" The man inside the coach begged. \"Mister. You better tell me where they took him…or you will burn.\" The flames already started to lick up the sides of the coach, the heat eating the boards away. \"Alright! They're taking him to Contention! To put him on the 3:10 to Yuma Prison!\" He started to scream. Charlie saw the smoke coming out of the barred windows. The man continued to scream, \"Let me out of here! Please, let me out of here!\" But Charlie wouldn't. He had to keep up his ruthless name. Hell, he just shot his sister. Then it dawned on him . She's dead, and I didn't even shoot her, I was such a coward that Campos had to shoot her. His thoughts were erased quickly when he felt the impeding glares of the men in front of him. \"We're going to Contention!\" Charlie growled out, the flame's reflecting off his eyes. A beautiful portrait for a macabre painter. \"We'd have to about kill our horses!\" Kinter finally spoke out. \"So we'll buy new ones.\" Charlie said calmly. \"Contention.\" Jackson dragged out, \"Is 80 miles back the other way.\" \"Do you think…you'd do a better job at leadin' this crew?\" \"I think maybe.\" Charlie didn't know what kind of adrenaline was pumping threw him, but he bitch slapped Jackson across the face, hard enough to where he landed on the ground. \" You forgotten what he done for us!\" That was the tipping point of insanity for Charlie. &&#[Chapter 19] A/N: Thank you for the review Rockndasha :D Makes my day. So…is it really her dad? I thought he died? Or did he? ;) Charlotte arose from an echoing whistle in the cavern. She ultimately felt better with every second. Her leg was no longer in pain, in fact, it was well bandaged. Her earlier bullet wound was well tended, hardly any blood, and any pain. \"Hello?\" Charlotte called out, unable to sit up and look around. \"Finally!\" The man called out. \"How're ya' feeling?\" \"Fine.\" Charlotte spoke flatly. The man finally came into her sight, he wore dark jeans, black boots, and a black vest. His face was sunned and old, his eyes told Charlotte everything. \"Are you trying to size me up, darling?\" He laughed, it was hearty laugh, a laugh that held years of smoking cigars behind it. \"It's not working very well.\" He sat on a tree stump next to the fire. Charlotte finally realized all he had done in the night. He made a pleasant bed for her, a fire, and had logs for chairs. The man was well equipped for the wild. He interrupted her thoughts, \"What do you have on me so far?\" \"I think. You're a family man, a ranger. You were out on a cattle drive when you found me, and you've smoked since you were 14. You probably got five kids, a nice wife, and a nice house. You have a good way with healing shots, you like the color black and,\" She looked at him for one more detail. \"You're not a good shot.\" The man stared at her, dumbfounded. Charlotte smiled, she knew the expression, she was always good at reading people. The dumb look they gave her was her reward after proving them she knew what she doing. This time, his deep laugh interrupted her pride. \"What?\" Charlotte asked, slowly sitting up in pain. The man jumped up and handed her the canteen. \"You're skills are very good. But in this case, you're very wrong.\" Charlotte glared up at him, \"How?\" \"I like the color beige.\" Charlotte laughed, \"You're funny.\" \"Now, may I size you up?\" He asked. Charlotte nodded, excited to hear his prediction. A smile spread across her face as she waited. \"You…aren't married. But you were.\" Charlotte's smile slowly started to disappear with each prediction he made. Each one was correct . \"He abused you. Emotionally and physically.\" The man watched her eyes, following them with his own silver spheres. \"You're young, you're wild, and you're getting money the only way you know how. Hell, it's all your family ever taught you. You didn't have much of a father in your life. You're mother died at least three years ago. You had a brother.\" Charlotte choked, \"Had?\" \" You're brother touched Ben Wade's gun.\" Charlotte's heart fell. \"Who are you!\" \"Charlotte,\" He said coming closer to her. \"Don't come near me!\" Charlotte said, sliding back, it pained her but she wanted to get away. \"Charlotte, I know you think I never was there for you, but I was always right beside you when you needed me.\" Charlotte looked up at him threw clouded eyes, \"What are you saying?\" Her voice full of tears. \"Please don't cry…\" \"Are you saying you're my dad?\" Charlotte cried out. \"My father died after Charlie left! My mother told me he died in a farming accident!\" \"She didn't lie.\" He said. \"Are you saying you're dead?\" \"No. I'm saying she was told what she thought was the truth. I went missing . And the officers called it off saying I died in a farming accident. Your mother was never the same.\" \"Nor was I!\" \"I went after Charlie, and this Ben Wade fellow.\" Her father said. \"I don't even remember your name.\" Charlotte cried out, not caring about his last comments. But the fact was that, her dad was here now . Alive and well. \"Anthon-\" He cut himself off. \"Marcus Prince.\" \"What were you going to say?\" Charlotte said, leaning forward. Charlotte heard Marcus swallow, \"Anthony...Averies.\" He sighed. Charlotte's eyes went wide. \"My father is Anthony Averies ?\"[Chapter 20] CHAPTER TWENTY. BOO-RAH. I DON'T KNOW HOW MANY MORE CHAPTERS I WILL GO! But I hope you enjoy the super fast updates now, I don't work 'till Friday, and so I don't have a life! Thought I'd write for you! :D Oh and Rockndasha, this chapter answers your question. (Btw, he is just a fictional character.) Sorry, by the way, this chapter is pointless... Anthony Averies. A name that had been mentioned for at least sixteen years, a name well worth being feared. Marcus Prince changed his name after he staged his own death. He wanted to do what he always wanted to do, it was a calling towards him. So there's always a beginning to the family of royal screw-ups. It never began with Charlie, it started right from the source. Marcus. The interesting part, a picture of Marcus Prince labeled missing, then pasted over that. Wanted: Anthony Averies. That poster faded, next to that poster, Wanted: Charlie Prince. Finally, next to that poster. Wanted: Charlotte Prince. But back to the main subject, Anthony was a true killer. He was a great shot, point blank and a sharp shooter. He raided when he had time. And h e always had time . He watched his children grow up from a distance, never truly being part of their lives. His wife grieved for him 'till her death…Marcus didn't want his children to end up like him. They'd be dead, they would soon feel terrible. In fact, Marcus is on the verge of terrible. He's trying to set things right, by fixing his children before it's too late, but is it too late? *Marcus will be called by the name of Anthony and Marcus, there is no split-personalities. It's just fun to call someone by two names :) Anthony looked at his daughter, \"Yes, Charlotte.\" \"That's so ironic! \" \"How is it ironic?\" He said in a downcast tone. \"That Charlie and I are just like you!\" Marcus saw the glint in her eyes, the shine he called it, he always remembered her having that. \"Charlotte, whilst I found you, I didn't want us to go on some espionage of crimes.\" \"Whoa dad , that's alotta' big words there!\" \"I want to set you on the right path.\" He said quickly. Charlotte looked at the ground, \"I…I am on the right path.\" Marcus looked at her, the shine was gone, it was a bit of sorrow on her face. \"Aren't I?\" She said. \"When we are a family again, we'll be on the right path.\" \"Then we might as well be dead!\" Charlotte spat. \"Mom's dead! You can't just come into my life, telling me, 'Oh hey there Charlotte, I'm your dead! I pretended to be dead so I can live my own life of killing people and not set an example for my young children. Now I'm here to be a dad again!'\" \"Will you just help me find Charlie?\" Marcus yelled. Charlotte looked up at him, \"Boy. You got your work cut out for you! Charlie shot me! He left me for dead ! I want to kill him just as much as you want to fix us!\" \"Charlotte…I've been trying to find all of you for six years. Once I left for Mexico, I lost track of where you've all been. I followed news leads, they didn't help much, 'cause you'd been all over the West! Will you just give my plan a chance?\" \"If I wanna be set straight, I'll set myself straight on my own time. You can't just come into someone's life and flick on a switch thinkin' they'll follow you that second.\" Marcus smiled, \"Alright. You have your rights, I have mine.\" \"You can take your rights and ride 'em away on a horse, I still don't give a damn.\" \"Charlotte, we have to go now .\" \"Go where?\" \"Contention.\" \"Why!\" \"I have an intuition.\" Anthony said, getting up sternly. With that, he helped Charlotte up off the ground, leaving everything from there cheaply made camp to lay there forever. Contention is where they were headed, Contention is where they'll go. Anthony's plans aren't going the way he wants them to, but at least his daughter's going with him. They'd walk from camp to Contention. It'd only take a day, even with Charlotte being wounded.[Chapter 21] A/N: My story can now legally drink(: \"Boss! Boss!\" Charlie yelled, watching Ben and that blasted one-legged rancher jump roof to roof. \"Boss, drop! Drop boss, I'm gonna shoot!\" Charlie was amazed, Ben was running with Dan. Jealousy then struck him, out of all those years of loyalty to Ben Wade, he was disrespected…with this? The pathetic one-legged man…who kicked him out of line to Ben? Charlie was furious. Why hasn't anyone hit him yet, He thought. \"What the bloody hell?\" Caleb said, waking up to gunfire. It was late evening, he'd had a late night. \"And this is not what I call a holiday.\" He was looking out the back window to his hotel room in Contention. There was at least the whole town firing at two men. He watched the fight scene continue. It looked epic…Were they waiting for something? Because they were held up in the train station. \"Aw, hell!\" Caleb said, seeing a teenage boy run across the lot to the cattle. \"What is he doing?\" The 3:10 to Yuma train was late. But it was finally here. Charlie glared at his way through the corral, he could shoot Dan now, his aim was perfect. But another shot went off, and he instinctively ducked. \"Yah!\" William Evans shouted, ready to save his dad's life. The cattle trampled threw the open gate, smothering Charlie Prince. \"Antho-Dad…I'm so tired!\" Charlotte complained. Marcus growled, turning around to face Charlotte, he picked her up, \"Now we'll get somewhere!\" They could both see Contention from the top of the hill, they saw the train tracks, and on it, obviously a train. \"That's the 3:10 to Yuma.\" \"Lovely.\" Charlotte said. \"Why do I care?\" \"Because you're brother's in Contention.\" \"How do you know?\" \"It's just a sixth sense.\" They heard gun fire, they saw cows, and lots of 'em. Charlotte looked up at her father, \"Dad, put me down, you have to save Charlie.\" For once in her life, Charlotte finally snapped out of it. She finally agreed with her father, she finally saw it. She was following his footsteps, the dark journey through evil, it brought only terror to her life, but now instead having revenge for her brother she wanted to save him. She wanted him to meet their dad. However, she had no problem of thinking about killing Ben Wade. It seemed like they missed only half the story. Anthony Averies ran towards Contention. **! Dan's body lay broken against the ground. The blood smeared against the side of the yellow train, he hit the ground. Barely breathing. Ben Wade glared at Charlie Prince. Charlie thought he did a good thing, saving the Boss from another hell trip to Yuma. Truthfully, Ben didn't give a damn about Charlie's pride. Charlie Prince was money to him, he was loyal so it was even better. In a way to get the gun to Ben , every single one of them touched Ben's gun … \"Careful, that gun's got a curse on it.\" Ben said to Tucker. Tucker only laughed. Tucker died later…. Ben looked at them all, he watched Charlie turn happily on his heel, ready to leave Contention. Charlie waited to her the gravel against Ben's boots to come after him and leave also. But he never heard a sound. He peered over his shoulder, Ben was still glaring at him. Charlie knew it by then, that he either had to draw fast, or die. The same time, both of them drew, Click. Click. Bang. Ben was only a bit faster. Charlie watched the blood pour out of his chest, he watched it, thinking of all the people he killed. He'd seen this seen so many times from above, now he was below it. Watching his own death before him. Ben Wade shot his gun six more times, killing every single person in the outfit. All too shocked to even think about raising a gun towards Ben. All that was going through their minds was simple; He killed Charlie Prince. Charlie Prince led us to death . When all the outfit was down, besides Charlie, Ben holstered The Hand of God, and stalked up towards Charlie. No words were spoken. Being he shot seven rounds, his gun was empty, he reached for Charlie's. Charlie's eyes said everything for him; Why? Ben only answered with; Click. Bang. He watched Charlie's body hit the ground, hard. He didn't even look at the rest of the outfit, they were no longer his problem. He heard William's shuffling steps come forward to his father. A small reunion afore Dan's death. William stood up and pointed his loaded gun at Ben. He didn't pull the trigger. Benjamin Wade wished he had enough heart like William Evans did. Out of all the hatred, disgust, and unruly feelings Will felt for Ben, he still never shot him. Hell, Ben would've done it. William was strong. By the time Ben was in the jail cell of the 3:10 to Yuma train, he was already planning new ideas for a new outfit. !(()!)!)(!))!)!)! Caleb walked outside of the hotel, seeing no one come out; he saw seven dead bodies discarded to the ground. Hell had broken lose. He saw a young boy craning over his father's dead body. He stepped over Charlie Prince's rigid body. Caleb turned to look at him, \"You're the man that ruined my life.\" \"C-caleb?\" William's voice broke out. \"William…Will Evans?\" A subtle reunion was held between the cousins.[Chapter 22] A/N: Sorry, but yes…I killed him(: I was disappointed too, but I wanted to stick to the movie, trust me, I'll be doing more Yuma fics with Charlie living. Maybe even a romance;) YAY! Ok, READ! He was too late, by the time he reached Contention, the 3:10 was slowly starting up to leave. He saw Charlie's body, along with many other men. Charlie should've died gracefully, or so Marcus thought. He saw a young boy and another man cowering over another body. Marcus saw Charlie's face. It was lifeless. The only thing that brought light were his blue eyes, but even those were faded. \"Charlie…I'm sorry.\" Caleb turned, finally seeing the man above Charlie's body. \"Glad he's dead, eh?\" He said. Anthony slowly turned at the tactful man. \"What'd you say?\" \"He can't terrorize anyone no more, sir.\" Caleb said. Marcus turned all the way, glaring at Caleb. \"Ya know who I am son?\" With that, he turned back to his son's body, kneeling down towards him, and closing his eyes. \" I damn right know who you are .\" Caleb's voice rang out, it was a low protective growl. \" Anthony. Averies.\" Marcus froze when he felt the cuffs snap around his hands. He felt the young man throw his gun out of his holster onto the ground. \"You're on the wanted list, sir .\" \"How'd you recognize me.\" \"I've done my homework, no one would be standing over Charlie Prince's body unless to spit on him. I knew you were following us. I knew I had to leave.\" \"A holiday?\" Marcus asked. \"Yes. A holiday .\" \"You're very smart for a Law. So what were you going to do with Charlotte?\" \"I was gonna follow her motive, undercover. Once she got to Contention, I'd arrest her too. Where is she?\" \"Charlie shot her. I came too late.\" Marcus lied. Caleb dropped his head, \"Makes it easier for me.\" He dragged Anthony Averies off. !#$%^&*()_++_)(*&^%$#! \"So Caleb's a cop.\" Charlotte growled. She had made it to Contention, long enough to see her father dragged off by him. She didn't have much of a heart to figure out where he was going, she'd only met him a day ago. Love doesn't build that fast. Does it? It didn't matter to her, she could care less. Charlie was still on her mind. Contention had clouds rolling in, the bodies were finally getting cleaned up. Charlotte was a wanted character, but right now, she was unsuspected. \"Oh Charlie.\" She said, the orange chaps caught her eyes. She saw two holes in the white jacket, blood stains and blood pools around him. \"If only you listened to me.\" A small voice broke out, \"You didn't touch his gun too ?\" Charlotte turned around, \"What?\" \"Ben Wade? You didn't touch that gun of his?\" William said wiping his nose. \"I didn't.\" Charlotte said, looking skeptically at him, \"Do I know you?\" \"You will in about five years.\" He answered. \"Wh-…at?\" She cut herself off from further conversation, she watched the boy slowly walk off, a rifle in his hand. Charlotte could stand there. She could watch him run off. \"Boy!\" The boy turned, he was only a couple feet from her. \"You better not be doing the same life I- he \" She corrected, \"did.\" \"Charlie?\" \"Yes. You don't wanna live like them.\" \"How'd you know, you probably never shot a gun in your life! My dad was shot by scum like him!\" The boy pointed his rifle at Charlie. He insulted her. \"What's your name?\" \"William. Evans.\" \"What would shooting men prove to your father? Nothing. That man over there? The one Caleb dragged off?\" \"You know Caleb?\" William asked. \"The man he dragged off was my dad . You know who's other dad he is?\" William looked at her skeptically. \" Charlie's .\" \"Anthony Averies is not Charlie Prince's dad.\" Charlotte never dreamed of shooting a small child, \"If I know of a William Evans in five years, I will seek you out and kill you. That's what I tried to do to Charlie and Ben Wade.\" \"So you're telling me to not do the thing you did?\" \"Yes, it ruined my life, my name's Charlotte Prince, William.\" William took many steps back. \"Oh. My. God!\" He cocked the rifle. \"Don't you dare do it!\" Charlotte screamed at him, dropping over Charlie's body and picking up his Schofield, pointing it up at William Evans. \"Please don't shoot him!\" A man with a curly mustache shouted out. !#$%^&*()_++_)(*&^%$#! \"There's been enough blood spilt today anyways.\" Charlotte said, lowering Charlie's gun. \"Mr. Evans, if you want, you can come with me.\" \"No way.\" William said, turning back to Butterfield. Charlotte smiled, somehow her odd plan worked, reverse physcology? Maybe he finally saw how much it ruined her life. She looked at Charlie's waiting horse. The horse looked straight at her, beckoning her to come forward. Charlotte looked back at Charlie's body. \"When I die, I will die just like you. No funeral. We must live like those whom we killed.\" Charlotte jumped on the horse, turning towards the tracks of the 3:10… !#$%^&*()_++_)(*&^%$#![Chapter 23] Break from Yuma. \"Who are you here to see?\" A secretary growled out from a book. \"Ben. Wade.\" \"You'll have to go on the waiting list.\" She said. \"There's a waiting list?\" \"Yes'm.\" The lady said, not even looking up, she pushed the paper and pen towards the tip of the desk. Well….in another day, I guess I'll visit with little ol' Ben. \"Is there a…Anthony Averies here?\" Charlotte asked. \"Who?\" The lady asked, flipping her page. Charlotte growled, \"If you just bloody looked up from you book, and listened for a second, you'd know what I'm talking about! Anthony Averies? Ya' heard of him!\" The woman set her book down, \"Yes, I've heard of him, you Southern Hick.\" \"I'm from the West.\" Charlotte snapped. She started to shake, being in Yuma prison never actually clashed with her that she was wanted. But, thankfully they never recognized her. \"There's a waitin' list on that man too.\" \"Who isn't on a bloody waitin' list?\" \"Charlie Prince.\" Charlotte looked down at her, \"He's dead.\" \"I know, just thought I'd make something funny!\" She said, laughing, taking a sip of her coffee. Charlotte flared her nostrils and inhaled deeply. Oh God, this place reeks. She walked off towards the west wing. Hearing many a suggestive comment. \"Room 2856D. Room 2856D. Room 2856D. Room 2856D.\" She kept repeating, looking for the cell. \"Room 2850, room 2851,2852, 53, 54, 55-\" Charlotte planted herself in front of the jail cell. It was bleak, and very dark. So dark, she couldn't see anything except for the end of the bed. \"Awwww, no.\" Charlotte smiled, \"Mr. Wade, nice of you to meet with me, please address me by Clara Averies.\" \"That's generic, if you're her, I'm Dan Evans.\" Ben said, appearing towards the light, his hands laced threw the bars and rested on them. \"You look terrible.\" \"So do you.\" She smirked, \"How…are you?\" \"Well. I don't have a window. I'm screwed to get out of here, I've already prayed to Lord, I'm going to hell.\" Charlotte smiled, \"So am I.\" She held up the ring of keys. Ben reached for them threw the bars, Charlotte pulled back. \"Aw, aw, aw.\" She said. \"Why are you letting me out? I thought you wanted to k-\" He stopped, \"Oh. You know, I'm much more fine in this cell.\" \"Why'd you shoot Charlie?\" She asked, putting the key in the lock. \"Charlotte…please don't.\" \"Oh I'm not all that mad, I was gonna do it anyways.\" Ben chuckled, the door latched open, he pushed it the rest of the way. Charlotte took a couple of steps back, \"It's dark in there, they'll never know you'd left.\" \"Who cares if they did.\" Ben said. Charlotte walked off back to the lobby of Yuma prison. Ben caught her arm pulling her back to him, \"What are you going to do now?\" \"Turn myself in. They'll put me in the same cell as my father.\" \"Why'd you let me go?\" \"The same reason you shot Charlie.\" Ben looked at her oddly. \" I just don't know why. \" She said, \" It felt like the right thing to do. Besides, the Pinks need someone to chase. Laws need a job too.\" \"Charlotte.\" Ben said, tucking his hand underneath her chin, \"Thank you.\" \"Thank yourself.\" Charlotte said, pulling away from him, it felt like he was dragging her head closer to his. \"Don't turn yourself in.\" He whisper-shouted. \"That was my last bad move, Ben. This is my first good one. I have a house for you, at least twenty miles from here. There's a horse outside too. Everyone needs a second chance , I hope you do something good with yours.\" Ben watched her turn the corner, he went the other way towards the back exit. Sure enough, there was a horse. \"Ma'am?\" Charlotte asked. The secretary finally looked up at her, \"What?\" \"I want to turn myself in.\" \"For what?\" \"Killing twenty-one people. Helping a prisoner escape.\" The lady laughed, \"Alright, enough trouble you've caused me. Look, I've already lost my mark! I'll escort you out.\" Charlotte smiled, she followed the lady out, \"You're a funny woman, have a good life wherever you're headed.\" \"Oh I will!\" Charlotte laughed, jumping on her horse, she whipped around quickly and headed down the road. The secretary smirked, she walked back to her desk, but stopped in the doorway. She felt for the cell room keys that were normally around her belt. They were gone . It would explain why they were on her desk with a note . All it said was… XOXO Charlotte Prince. And a red lipstain. \"God damn it!\"[Chapter 24] February 24 th . Ben looked around in the valley, sure enough, there was a small brown house just where she said it'd be. \"Charlotte Prince, you're one hell of a woman.\" When he got closer, there was a note nailed to the door, it read; Ben. Use your second chance wisely. -XOXO Charlotte Prince Ben opened the door slowly, he'd never had his own house before. Fire was in the fireplace, it was cozy looking. He looked at the table, it was set for two . \"Anyone else…here?\" \"Hello Ben.\" Ben's questioning face faded, it was spread with a cat-grin. He watched her walk out into the kitchen.\"How'd you get here?\" \"When you turn yourself in, they don't believe you.\" \"You're very smart.\" Ben laughed, \"What's for supper?\" ","Summary":" A/N: This is my very first 3:10 to Yuma fanfic! Yay! I really love the movie, and Charlie! Anyways,"}]